"First off, the first post http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/9vqzu/its_not_that_ive_actively_looking_to_end_myself_i/

You'll notice that was made under the account Garnecia - that was a throw away account because of some of the stuff I was discussing about myself on there. Since then, however, I've developed a rather devil may care attitude about that shit on Reddit and so this is my proper account.

So why am I posting again? Because I'm losing any degree of sanity. Is it too much to ask that I have a job that I don't loathe? That, because I worked my fucking ass off through university to get a degree because it's meant to open doors, that I could at least have a full time job instead of a part time one that means I canny move on with my life at all? That all job applications I send get ignored? That every single fucking time I head into work I sit at my desk not caring one little bit if any of my work gets done because, well, I just don't care? I hate all the two-faced cunts that work there, and the stupid scenarios that crop up. Tidy your desk! WELL IT WOULD BE TIDY IF YOU GUYS DIDN'T JUST DROP ALL YOUR SHIT ON IT! Don't use your phone at work! I WAS SENDING A TEXT TO TELL THEM NOT TO CALL ME BECAUSE I'M AT WORK AND ANYWAY YOU SPEND ALL FUCKING AFTERNOON ON THE PHONE! If it's my fault then I'll put my hands up and say so. I make mistakes regularly, and when I do I work my butt off to make sure they're righted as soon as possible, but I'm scratching my head as to why I'm bothering to pretend to take in the above stuff when this job is three days a week, pays minimal wage and is doing nothing to actually let me move forward in life, such as, getting my own place, or car, or even a more active social life.

Right, this part is gonna sound pretty petty, and unmanly, and everything like that, but you know what, fuck everything. All I want is a fucking cuddle. How sad is that? All I want is someone to cuddle and watch a movie with me for 2 hours, just once. But the 2 most likely people who'd do that are either not actually met yet (yes friends, internet person!), or out of the country until June and, seemingly, mortal enemy of my group of friends here for reasons not told to me, so if I do see her when she gets back I can garuntee I'll be lynched. The one female friend that I thought would give me a cuddle tonight spend the whole night snuggled up to my friend who'd been an utter douche to her all night, and all nights out with her that I can remember, and as I type they're up in bed together.

I've just had it on that front - I've tried to maintain over the past few months that I morally canny get into a relationship with anyone because I don't think I should burden anyone with me, but, guess what, I do want a relationship. Hell, not even a relationship - just not to be a fucking third wheel all the time, to have someone who actually wants to cuddle me from time to time and I'm scratching my head now as to who that person could be.

The rest of my social life is a joke. I've suffered from the condition of always having a suffix to my name, ie, Andy from school, Andy from the office. I'm never Andy in my own right with people. I'm likeable enough for people to mention something witty I've said or something, but never important enough for them to see me as Andy, not confined to school, uni or work, just Andy their friend. Seriously, at school I'd be laughing and joking with literally EVERYONE, and then on Monday they'd all come in with tales of what they got up to with everyone else at the weekend, and all I'd do is sit there going ""shit, why the fuck didn't they ask me to go with them?""

All these things boil down to two things - either there's something fundimentally wrong with me that I'm missing, or there's something wrong with the environment in which I live, and neither is a terribly compelling argument to continue with this life. A few weeks ago I set myself a deadline of Jan 01 2015 to try and fix things in my life, but now - I don't know. I just don't know if I want to spend even a few more months being that loser that canny get a gal, canny even get more than a tiny hug, canny get a proper job and is just frozen in his life at point sickening."
"I don't see myself actually putting an end to my life, but I'm still about as close to dead as I can get. I've got no motivation, beliefs, logic, or interests to keep me going. I pretty much just lay down and wait till im hungry or have to shit... eh... not too bad, really. "
"Here is my story.

I was born to rather quaint and humble surroundings: a tiny house on a small mountain in Tennessee. Not too rural, but a tiny bit of a drive from town. I lived there until age four, when I moved to California. I consider California the state in which I grew up. A lot of growing happens between ages 4 and 8. But I always fit in. At age 8, I moved across the country to Florida, and that's where things go wrong.

I no longer fit in. Even my third grade teacher picked on me. Seriously. I must have ruined her year by joining the class 3/4th of the way through or something, but one peep would land me in detention in the middle of a noisy classroom. It was awful. But elementary wasn't so bad. It was middle school. My parents decided to put me into a stuck up little magnet school, which averaged out to me becoming a bit of a loner. It ruins your year when even your friends ditch you in the lunchroom. Gee, thanks guys. I firmly believe that middle school is what shaped me into the person I am today.

High school was average, everything you'd normally expect. Sneaking alcohol around, smoking pot at 16, smoking cigarettes and trying to pass off the smell onto ""some guy in the car next to us in the parking lot.""

Th 2005 school year begins. I had graduated two years prior. The very day school started, I woke up to the worst phone call of my life. I'm not going into details, though. I handled the situation fairly well. It was the morning after the class of 2005 graduated, though, that I think etched a cycle of depression in my mind when someone very dear to me was taken. It was an accident I could have easily prevented, and I can't help but blame my own laziness. I can't no longer, even five years later, face this person's family out of my own guilt, even though I was with them continuously for a while after everything happened.

This circle of friends was hit hard that year, and we fell apart. It was perhaps those two events that added depression to my social anxiety.

And here I am, the new year of 2010. 24 years old, feeling like my life has been wasted because I'm so far behind in school, no longer disease free because genius me had to make that one stupid mistake, mentally unemployable because dealing with people scares me to death. I can't sleep, I can't get up in the morning. There's even a gun in my room that doesn't worry me, not even one bit, because I'm too unmotivated to load the damn thing. Besides, rifles are just inconvenient. I'd rather just shoot targets with it. I fear that staying home alone is starting to deteriorate my mental state.

Sometimes I want to sell my possessions and say goodbye, use the money to hop on a plane, and take care of things somewhere where it will never be known. Tibet. Siberia. Some random country in Eastern Europe. Middle of the Atlantic. Somewhere I'll never be found.

QQ more, right? There's my sob story. I suppose I feel a little better, now."
"I used to be on zoloft for about a year. Truthfully, I didn't even feel it. I have huge social anxiety problems too. Is there anything I can take that's not too unhealthy? alcohol is killing me. 

small bio:

uhhmm... well i don't do anything with my life and have currently been lying about my school work to my family in order for them to keep supporting me. the original plan was to lie at first and then actually start to do well. unfortunately, the school work part is much easier said than done. So, i lay at home all day deprived of all ambition. many times, simple things like greeting someone or going out to run a errand can be very demanding. i don't shower as much as i should and i think im currently on day three of not brushing my teeth. I don't enjoy hanging out with my friends. All my life we've had different interests. I don't like sports or smoking weed and that's all they do. I can't remember how, but I used to put up with it all the time. I feel real selfish these days. I can't stand to share my space or company with anyone. I don't like to do anything except watch tv, play video games, and read reddit a little... if i can find someone to do it with me, I still end up getting frustrated when I realize how much better I could enjoy all my hobbies without them."
"I've always wanted to just take a trip and get away from it all. I live in New Jersey. I wanted to go to Kansas to visit this one friend of mine that I met online, but it was too far for me to drive to only stay there for the time I had alloted (5 days). So I decided to go to North Carolina and hang out with my ex. I called her up (we broke up on shaky terms and only really talked occasionally). And now I'm set to leave and go down there tomorrow. I'll be staying there from Monday until Friday afternoon.

  The problem is, for the past few days, I've had this looming, terrible feeling, and I can't figure out what it is. I have not been in a relationship (and I practically haven't even been hugged by) a girl in almost a year, and I doubt I'll become anything with her (or even hook up with her). Can anyone help me possibly pinpoint whatever this feeling is?

  (Sorry, I didn't know where else to post this.)"
[removed]
"Excuse me for a really long post, but I have a strong need to vent. Also apologies for my not perfect English as it's not my native language. 

I'm seriously traumatized by my past experiences. Only now, at 29 years old, I am able to face them and write about it. I have always tried to keep as quiet as possible about my past, even with my mother whom I have a good relationship with. 

Though there are many social websites in my language, I have not found a place like the reddit SW. So I'm telling my life story to you. 

My life went down the drain pretty early. During the first years of school I noticed I was not able to make friends like rest of my classmates.  As a something of a consolation I started bullying the other kids who were weaker than me (and myself got bullied by those who were stronger), and acting rebellious all the time, having fights with the teachers and my parents. I think most kids hated me, but I did have a few friends. But that was all still easy, it was just a tiny school in the countryside. 

Things got a lot worse when I moved to a big school at age 13 and the sexual maturation period set in. In that school I was a complete outcast. I had no friends for the first 2 years and in those places it meant that everyone was fucking you up all the time. I got into fistfights many times (but never personally started one), had rocks thrown at me, got hit in the face without warning in the middle of the school yard, bullied, being laughed at, called names etc. Even some of the teachers openly disliked me, as I still kept to my rebellious attitude.

My only consolation were computer games and programming. I just toyed with my computer all night long, often sleeping only 4-5 hours. My grades were very poor as I couldn't concentrate (from the lack of sleep) and didn't have any motivation anyway. I always was one of the least successful students in the whole school, but luckily I never had to redo a class like some others did. On the good side, I got to be a pretty good programmer and musician, and also learned many other valuable things through computers (like English). That has been about the best thing in my life. 

After compulsory school was over I just went into a series of various ""lower level"" schools (where all the unsuccessful kids went), always quitting due to bullying or lack of success. I got one friend during that period, who was also something of an outcast (not as severely as me). He was much into booze and barbiturates and introduced me to them. 

With him I got into a quite heavy drinking which soon morphed into a drugs use (both legal and illegal). I was suicidal and just wanted to die quickly. During one of the junk-using sessions I passed out (due to epilepsy) and hit my head to an edge of a table. That gave me big scar on the face and hurt my eye so that it has been slightly crooked ever since. It looks quite bad (making me physically unattractive) and I can't focus on distant objects. I damaged my brain and my organs too, as I ingested large doses of really dangerous stuff and even took some that I had no idea what it was, given to me for free by untrustworthy people (more details below). I have had several long (many months) periods of almost constant pain just beneath my belly for the past 7 years. 

During those days we got to know some other junkies, mostly really bad people. One particular person was of note. He was more experienced than us, really manipulative, always lying. He used us less suspicious ""newbies"" as a kind of guinea pigs, making us take the large doses of dope and see what happens (will we die or not). My friend got a serious overdose due to him, staying unconscious for several days in a hospital and nearly destroying his liver. The guy also tried to overdose me, not just once. Luckily, that manipulative monster has been dead for several years now (suicide). He was a self-destructive sociopath who wanted to hurt as many as possible before killing himself.

Since then, I've gotten rid of the dope and the scene around it, but their effects I can still feel in my head and my body. I had a long period of horrible chest pains and serious trouble breathing, and thought I had somehow damaged my heart in the dope using days. I thought I was going to die for that. A doctor assured to me that I'm only having panic attacks, and currently I believe that.

I have never had a stable job, instead relying on the state welfare and the generosity of my parents. At one point I thought my programming skills would make a living but that hasn't happened. Now, the welfare has dried up and I have not had any income for the past 5 months. I'm almost penniless, I have no school diplomas, so finding any kind of job is very difficult. In the nights I search the dumpsters of nearby supermarkets, scavenging any edible food I can find. In my age, my parents were building their first own house while I cannot afford a pair of shoes. It's embarassing, and I know it hurts my parents, especially my mother who is a sensitive person. I live in a small apartment that was bought to me by my father, so my expenses are small but still I will be completely broke soon.  

At the age 4 or 5 I stuck a metallic object to an electric outlet which gave me a shock. I remember just trembling and shaking after that, I could not walk for 15 minutes. Later I developed an epilepsy, which I suspect is a result of that accident though no doctors have confirmed it. 

I once had a car (bought by my father) and a driver's license but lost them after few months due to DUI. And will probably never have one again since the epileptic attacks have increased in the recent years.

I had a nice girlfriend for almost 2 years, but broke it off for several reasons. Nowadays I kind of regret it, and would take her back if possible. But I guess this had to happen.

I just used to think that life dealt me a really bad hand. I hated everyone, I wanted to revenge for all the wrongdoing I've experienced. Wish I could start all over. 

Recently, after reading various types of philosophy and religion, some kind of spirituality has awoken in me, which is one of the few things that helps me to keep sane. Thoughts of suicide have slowly evaporated. I still may do it, but only if certain conditions are met.

Thanks for letting me share. 
"
"I know it's cliche, but it's how I feel.

I live with my mother, and she's said in no uncertain terms that I'm to leave soon.  I've tried to let her know just what condition I'm in, but she won't listen.  I've begged for help multiple times, but nothing ever happens.  Things just fall back into place, and the cycle begins again.

Every single day I hear my mind telling me I hate myself.  That I have no reason to live.  That I should just die.  This isn't schizophrenia or anything like that, but a sort of learned behavior.  The world (or at least my perception of the world) has shown me that it doesn't want me.  I've been made fun of my whole life.  Everywhere I go, I'm greeted with multiple stares and looks of confusion / contempt.  The world seems to say ""why are you here?"" or ""God, not this guy again"".  I'm trying to fight it, but apparently I've run out of time to fix myself.  I either go out on my own and most likely kill myself because I'll be all alone, or stay and continue to rot in doing the same things over and over again.  In which point, I'd probably kill myself because I can't change.  It seems like I can't win.

I do have a job, but it's doesn't pay enough for me to support myself.  It's a part time job, so no benefits (I'm a US citizen).  Can barely afford my car payments, much less a psychiatrist.

I want to help people suffering the way I do, but I feel like I can't because a) I need to fix myself before helping anybody, and b) because it's just too late for me to do anything.  I want to go to college, but it's too late this semester.  I want a good job, but nobody is hiring.  I want a family but nobody wants anything to do with me (and who could blame them, really).

So, basically in tl;dr terms - my life is a wreck and I see no alternative other than suicide.  I know you guys are impartial (and clear headed right now, which I'm not), so I submit this with the hope that somebody can at least give me the support I need right now.  If not, then thanks for reading anyway.

P.S. - Typing this out has helped the urge to go away (for now, at least).  I'm still feeling pretty depressed, but I'm not in immediate danger of killing myself."
"I heard this poem in my dream the other night, woke up, and wrote it down. I hope it was meant to be heard by someone. Here goes:

there are no pretty suicides.

no worthy guns or solemn sights.

just emptiness.

the pause of lives to which there is no resume.

disappearance of beauty.

silencing the laughter.

the end of gifts.

there are no pretty suicides."
"Heres some background about myself. About three years ago, I began to feel depressed. It wasn't so bad at first, but a year later, I started having suicidal thoughts. I've been depressed on and off since then, and recently began to seriously think about suicide. I'm only fifteen, but I feel like I can't handle stress and life.
 
* I've written down a quick list of things that were stressing me: School, particularly AP Chemistry. I probably have a D something in that class. I just received a test today and I got 11.5/70. I'm probably not trying hard enough, but I don't even like chemistry. I'm constantly pressured to do well in school and to get at least 4.0s. I know that I can't achieve that my whole high school life, but I feel the pressure from my mom. Also, things like piano, and tennis is also stressing me out. I'm not so good at tennis, and don't like it that much either, but my parents want me to have a good resume for college. The same for piano, but I like playing it, I just can't handle the testing part of it. Also, my dad is a huge jerk to my whole family being so inconsiderate to my mom and pretty much everyone. He has only recently gotten a low paying job after being unemployed for about four years. 

* I'm not sure if I want to die or not. I currently am not very scared of death, as I know that I will feel nothing afterwards. My family is Catholic, but I no longer believe in it. I have to play a game of charades and pretend that I still believe in God. 

* Since I decided to commit suicide a few weeks ago, I have stopped doing schoolwork, and am probably pretty behind. The semester ends in 2 weeks. I feel as if I have brought myself already to a place of no return. If I don't commit suicide, then I will be brought back to a life of pain and facing the consequences. 

* I know that my family/friends will be terribly sad, but I don't know what I can do anymore. I think that if I tell this to my brother or parents, then it will change my whole life. People will become judgmental and I don't know what to do. 

* There are so many things planned for later on in my life, but I'm not sure if I can live until then. I don't know if I can become even mildly successful later on in life. At least enough to do some of the things I dream of. "
"Does anyone want to chat in AIM or such? Nothing urgent I suppose, just not feeling well. "
"i just lost my best friend, for good. he said my depression is making him feel bad and that it's best for him to stop talking to me.

we were on shaky grounds for a long time, but now it's really over.

i don't feel like i can go on now. every friendship i had, and they were all online, ended similarly.

i'm too big of a screwup. so i will end it. things will never get better

i want to scream and shout and hurt people

but what difference will that make

i have no one now and it's all my fault

downvote this you hate me anyway everyone does i'm a bad person and i should be killed"
"Thank you all for trying. But in the past few days I discovered that all the people I thought were my friends actually hate me or barely tolerate me.

I can't live like this anymore and I know I can't change. 

So goodbye. And thanks for trying to help.

Also, please do not call me or contact me in any way. Thank you."
"I suppose I was expecting too much...but even in my solo endeavors, nothing life-changing or special has happened at all. The only thing I realized is that people suck tremendously, which I already knew. I don't really know how to feel about this. I suppose I still have one day left but meh. Thanks for sticking by my side, Reddit. I'm going to go attempt to not wallow in self-pity some more."
[removed]
"I've posted here a few times before..

It is my junior year of high school and I just want to graduate, go to a community college first and then hopefully transfer to a better university. This year I'm in all honors and a couple AP courses.

I have extreme anxiety and get no sleep. I haven't been to school in 8 days for no reason, but I want to go. The school calls my house twice a day asking where I am. I haven't really done any school work this year but I have As / Bs in all classes except for Physics and American Studies. I was supposed to do a 5 page research paper over the break but I didn't do anything, and late work isn't accepted. Also, a egg drop project was started and finished during my absence from school.

I got a C (I think) in Physics the first quarter, and it will likely be an F this quarter, which ends next Wednesday. American Studies I got a D first quarter and it will be an F this quarter. Midterms are 10% of our grade and start next Thursday. 

I emailed my guidance counselor today asking if I can meet her tomorrow during first period, but she hasn't emailed back. I want to try and switch into a regular physics class to save my credit. I also want to change AP American Studies into regular American Lit and US History. I don't know how this will affect my grades or if it is possible anymore. I also am going to have to retake gym next symmester because I was absent to many times and lost credit, but I have an A in the class. I'm really not sure how hard it is to get into a community college, or if I can do it without all honors classes and really shitty grades. 

I feel ashamed and pathetic for not going to school for no reason for so long. I am afraid of going back after being absent so long. If I do not get 5.5 credits per year I will not go onto senior year. That will be humiliating and I would rather drop out. I can't get any sleep. I don't want to face my physics teacher tomorrow (I want to try and go to school tomorrow).

I have had this severe anxiety my whole life and I am sick of all of this worry."
"Never posted here before, and using a throwaway account because I'm so ashamed of how far down I am right now. The urge to kill myself is mostly gone, but there's still a voice in my head telling me how badly I've fucked up and that there's no way out. My problems seem ridiculous -- I know that, I can see that on the surface, and yet they feel crushing and insurmountable to me.

I just wrecked the best relationship I've ever been in. He broke up with me because of really pervasive anger problems on my part, not just one thing or a little thing. It's been getting bad for a while, and the worst part was I knew I was doing it -- I just thought maybe I'd be able to stop it the next time. I've yelled at him and snapped at him and just gotten really frustrated. We would fight, and he would tell me he was hurt, and I would apologize and try to fix it, and then it would flare up in a different way. It wasn't just that. I can be a really negative person; I denigrate people when I feel like they're better than me because I can't stand feeling lesser. I feel like a horrible person for letting it get to this point, especially when I loved him.

I know there are other guys out there, but I don't want other guys. I want this relationship back to a point where I could have fixed myself, made myself someone worth being with. He's everything I wanted and the damn thing is I thought we had a great relationship. I know I was screwing up but I thought we were on the same page -- I thought he was being patient while I fixed my problems. Maybe he would have been, but December was brutal. I just wish he'd given me more of a hint other than ""this hurts me"". But then I feel like the worst person ever, because what more do you need than that to stop hurting someone? :(

I want to fix this. Not just because I still cherish a hope of getting back together with him (and I do... even though I hate myself for it), or because I feel like I will never have a good, lasting relationship until I do (I do feel like that) but because I feel like I won't like myself until I do solve it. But I don't have the faintest clue where to start. I'm in therapy, and I thought it was helping, until we had a huge fight that made me start questioning everything.

I don't have a sob-story childhood. I felt controlled by my mother, and my father became verbally and physically abusive once I hit my teens (he doesn't like teenagers, so it's not like his behavior changed -- it was that I had become something he hated). I was in an abusive relationship with one of my teachers in high school. I tried to kill myself. I had an eating disorder. I cut myself. But I thought all this was getting better -- I was just barely starting to be able to tolerate myself, and actually look at my own behavior with a critical eye, and now this.

He's better off without me, I know, but I can't help but feel like maybe the world is better off without me. I don't have any friends here -- I moved to a new town recently for work and all my time has been taken up with this relationship. I don't even know what I'm looking for, just some comfort to help me make it through the night. I can't call my therapist because he's out of town, so I don't even have that support network. Please. I know I'm a jerk, I know I don't deserve to be in a positive or a healthy relationship, and I know I was a drain on this guy. But I feel so helpless and alone and scared and worthless. "
[removed]
"I'm lonely. I'm really lonely. I think it's partially the anti-depressants I'm on, and partially my, well, loner-ness. I can usually stand it, usually like it, but every so often I break down a little.

I'm constantly attempting to make communities online, or forums, or something to gather people together. But it generally fails right quick before I meet anyone. Or I go back to liking my loneliness for a while and abandon it.

I'm annoying lazy as well, so leaving the house and going to meet people seems a chore. At least in High School I had acquaintances and friends even, that I'd known for years. In college everyone split, poof. Four, or even seven, years of knowing the same people- all gone.

I hang out a little with my brother, or my mom even [I'm a girl, so it's not that weird] but I guess... I need more people. I need someone who cares. My boyfriend and I are long distance, but even if we weren't, friends would be a good idea no?

I like to think that I care. I know I don't always, God knows I'm not perfect. But I want to be selfish right now. I want people who care about me, want to be friends.

I've been alone for a few weeks, few months. I dropped out of last semester, and had an extended vacation at home. I thought it would be good. And it has been overall. But the being so alone it's eating at me. I never realized that just being in the presence of people at school was keeping me somewhat together.

So that's my rant thing... I'll be about to answer if you reply. Thanks.

EDIT: Thank you guys. Thank you. *Hugs*"
"[This video](http://www.youtube.com/user/TheSilentNumber#p/u/12/arQtF9Dl6JI) i made is for you. 

I've had a bad past few days. I started feeling depressed and even suicidal when i was pretty young. It affected me greatly throughout middle school and high school. I would go through long phases of being perfectly well, but the depression would always come back. I thought the worst was over with, and it probably is, but who knows. Anyways, i haven't felt the way i'm feeling now in such a long time, it was a refreshing reminder. I am **not** going to kill myself. In spite of that part of me which urges me to give in, i'm going to live more, live better, and live fuller. "
"http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/angqp/what_do_i_do_i_want_to_be_normal/

Do you guys have any suggestions or advice? please post there"
"I won't kill myself; I'm too afraid. You had better things to do than try to talk some stupid loser out of killing himself so sorry I took your attention from more important stuff.

I could still use advice though, if you don't hate me now. There's two tests this week and I didn't study, so I'll likely fail this year completely. Then there's not taking my meds for a while and I'm not sure what to do now and if just starting taking them again without telling anyone what happened is a good idea.

I also still feel really lonely, and I only have one person I'm talking to, so I don't want to bother him too much. If anyone could talk to me, even for just a couple of minutes a day, it would help me.

Hope I didn't annoy you too much.

"
I have tried every diet.  [I can't lose weight](http://i.imgur.com/BmBhh.jpg).  I have never had sex or had a boyfriend.  They say I smell like old milk.  I can't keep a job because I can't walk.  What do I do?
"Today was supposed to be a good day, I was about to get a new job but I'm not even sure it will work. As usual, I had difficulty throughout the interview and I was reallly nervous which didn't help at all. Now, I'm on trial I'll be working there this afternoon so that they can see how I can handle the work. If it doesn't work like it's supposed to, I don't think I'll be able to go through this big joke my life has become for long. No matter what I'm trying, it just seem like I end up being the creepy lonely guy. I can't handle the pain anymore, I considered it to be ok when I was younger, I didn't care if I had a shitty job and I didn't care if I couldn't get to do anything else but now it's just too much."
"...the only other person i'm close to and I ran away to another country to escape everything.  I'm fucked up and i'm alone in a foreign country.  Give me some wisdom reddit.  Every night I hope i'm gone. I really do.  I won't respond to you, i'm sorry."
[removed]
"I feel like I'm messing up everything around me, and I'm not sure why. I feel like the solution is simple: ""just do it."" Yet I'm not. And I'm not sure why if it's all making me so miserable. I'm a freshman in college and I'm not sure how much of this is ""well everybody fucks up a little when they are growing up"" and how much of this is a serious problem.



* my schoolwork is suffering. I'm not motivated enough to go to class or study material every day. I like school and I like learning and I can't figure out why I can't make myself go to class. I put off schoolwork and then do a sloppy job because I'm in a rush to finish.

* my depression and anxiety are pretty bad, although not the worst they've ever been. But I find myself hating myself and the things I do constantly. I have awful self esteem and I always have and I'm not sure what to do about this either. My doctor increased my medications and I'm a bit better but the problem is still there.

* I'm completely unhappy with my body. I'm not in shape and due to health problems, exercising is really painful, although I can go, but it certainly doesn't help to motivate myself to go to the gym to look better when I know I'm going to be in a lot of pain for a few days.

* I've had a string of bad relationships and I'm not sure what to do about that either. I often feel like I am constantly being put down, and I know that I tend to date people who do this. At this point, I've just decided I can't involve anyone else in my shit show so I need to stay away from dating people for a while, although I would eventually like to have a healthy relationship.

* I'm very unorganized and I can't seem to do simple things like manage money, allot time to spend on hobbies, get all of the things done I say I'm going to do, and manage my time. I often get nothing done because I feel overwhelmed with all of the things I need to do and start a negative thought spiral of having to do things --&gt; feeling overwhelmed --&gt; feeling like I can't handle anything ---&gt; hating myself  --&gt; having a depressive episode and not getting anything done ---&gt; having to do more things, rinse, repeat.

I'm really not sure what to do. I'm pretty sure that not everyone does this their freshman year. I know I need to see a therapist. I don't know why I'm doing this, but I want to stop so I can just stop hating myself all the time. I feel like I'm constantly destroying friendships and relationships because of these negative patterns in my life and I want to stop annoying the shit out of people I love and making people sick of me.

What do I do reddit? Feel free to call me a stupid brat."
"I'm female, 24, and I feel liked I've reached a point in my life where I don't want to carry on anymore. I have had bouts of depression since I was 15 and have had fleeting thoughts of suicide but never felt 'suicidal'. 

Last year I was off work for several months due to a rather extreme period of depression - I became totally isolated and couldn't cope with leaving the house a lot of the time. The months leading up to this had been traumatic at times - I work in mental health and had dealt with drug overdoses, threats of violence and more seriously had found someone dead. I carried on as normal for some time after this but I guess it caught up on me. I am engaged and living with a wonderful guy and wouldn't have survived this without him. 

Knowing my vulnerability it may have been sensible to leave my job but after a gradual recovery from the depression I felt I needed to prove that I could do it. Unlike my previous periods of low mood this had led to a huge interruption in my functioning and I really felt tainted and ashamed. I returned last June and have been struggling on, trying to redevelop my confidence and recover from the long period of isolation.

The thing is, although I don't feel hopelessly depressed anymore, I don't feel like I have ever returned from that dark place. I have no motivation to get up in the morning or to move on with my life. I feel incapable of holding normal conversations and being there for my clients has been a push. Even when around friends, I can laugh and joke but feel like it's all false. My family know what I went through but never really mention it. 

The only person I feel I can be myself around is my fiance. I love the bones of him and he is so supportive and gives me a lot of happiness. I also enjoy alot of moments each day and have many interests. Despite this, I just don't want to continue anymore. I feel tired with life and I can't take full advantage of the good things because of this. 

While feeling less depressed than I have for a long time, I feel more suicidal. I don't cry because of my mood, I cry because I know that I can't kill myself because of the pain it would bring to my fiance. He is what stops me from ending my life, but that doesn't stop the desire to do so. I have researched methods of suicide and have decided how to do it. I have researched methods for him to cope if I did it. Yet I know he wouldn't cope and that makes me feel all knotted up inside.

I told him a few weeks ago that I was having these thoughts. He thinks if I leave my job all this will go away. I know that this will always be with me. I have even gone as low as to try to get him to leave me so that I can do it. I have thought about running away and waiting for a few weeks until he has started to move on before doing it. You might say I've obsessed about this. "
"Thoughts on suicide…

So thinking on suicide, and it seems like it’d be harder to peacefully kill myself than I’d like.  Maybe it is because I know people who’ve tried and failed.

My sister tried drinking everything under the sink and eating a bunch of pills (we didn’t have any fatal pills), all she managed to do was damage her liver and kidneys; she apparently would have needed to eat a lot more before she reached fatal liver damage.  She ended up vomiting a lot which countered her efforts as well.

A family friend tried shooting himself, and now his head is very very messed up and he has quite a bit of brain damage.  Blew off a chunk of his face too.  Other friends found him.  They said they could still see him looking around immediately afterwards, it was quite horrific.

Another friend tried cutting his wrists and while he bled to the point where he passed out, he didn’t die.

I was trying to think about how I’d do it, and there aren’t a lot of good ways for me.  Ideally, I guess I’d like to take a couple bottles of sleeping pills and top it off with a bunch of alcohol, but I don’t know where to score prescription strength sleeping pills, I don’t have a doctor to lie to right now.  You can take boxes of over the counter sleeping pills without even approaching lethality.  Hell most of the stuff you can get over the counter even if you take a ton of it, it won’t kill you.  Same with most rat poisons.  _And_ even if you reach a lethal dose what you have to look forward to is liver failure, a week long and painful death.  So I don’t know how I’d go about doing that.

I’ve gone to a gun store before, but felons can’t purchase guns.  They had all these signs up ‘purchase a gun for someone who can’t buy it themselves and you get 10 years in prison.’

So without access to a doctor for sleeping pills or guns, what do I have left?

I could run a hose from the car exhaust to the inside, but I don’t have a garage so I’d have to find someplace secluded enough that I could be alone while the CO does it’s thing.  I think CO would be an OK way to go, fall asleep and don’t wake up, which is what I’d want.  I don’t really want an overly messy death that someone else would have to clean up.  I think I remember hearing anti-freeze is a strong poison, but I don’t remember how it kills you.

Not a big fan of jumping either, because it seems like it’d be messy and if you failed you might not be in good enough condition afterwards to ever try again.
"
"http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ap05d/depression_and_anxiety_rule_my_life_please_help/

Guys, do you have any advice?"
"I quit my job several months ago, with the idea that I'd rather live the rest of my life not being miserable working.  I knew I wouldn't look for a job.  My intention was just to spend my savings.  Once I got too low, I'd kill myself.  That's still sort of my plan, I guess.  I don't know if I want it to be that way, but if I do run out of money, I don't think I'd have any choice.  I'm not looking for work.  I don't know if I'll be capable of killing myself, so I'll be in a pretty miserable place in the near future when my money's gone.  I imagine if I do spend all my money (note that I'm not at all being tight with it- I regularly order pizza, buy liquor, etc. despite the cost), I'll be living on the streets.  I wouldn't have any place to store my stuff, so it'd just stay in my apartment for my landlord to collect.  It just doesn't seem like there's much I can do.  Most of the time I just feel useless."
"Sorry for using a throwaway account.  I appreciate and trust everyone here for their advice several months ago - unfortunately I haven't gotten much better.

First, the diagnosis I've been getting: anxiety and depression.  A lot of the time I don't want to sleep or eat anymore.  Last semester I would pull all-nighters just because I didn't get tired or couldn't sleep.  I would remind myself to eat once a day when I was focused on other things. I haven't had friends in 2-3 years. It doesn't interfere with my college grades because I'm a mediocre student already.

It's difficult/impossible to say what I want to do anymore.  I'm studying urban planning, I only have skill in programming, and on the side I work with non-profits in science and education.  I can't escape the feeling that my work is useless because so much of it is done remotely, I don't organize enough, I don't contribute enough.

I've been going to therapy on-and-off for over a year now, two semesters out of the last three.  That therapist referred me to a psychiatrist, who put me on Paxil. Three weeks later, with my sleep-loss getting out of control and Paxil's side effects being the only effects, I stopped. That was months ago, and neither doctor has anything new for me.

So I had something new for them. I admitted to the therapist that I wasn't attracted to the girls in my class. I'd thought for awhile that it was due to depression. Then at some point, at the airport or mall or something, I saw a girl I did like. To my horror, she was 12 or 13. It's an emotional attraction, not explicitly sexual, so the psychologist doesn't think this is a problem.  Really I have trouble getting him to listen to me talk about it at all, he just dismisses it because I'm such a ""good kid"" that this can't be a problem.  As if it would go away tomorrow and I could joke about how silly it was back when I'd watch kids' movies for girls I find cute.  I'm 21, this shouldn't be happening.

I see my college situation - without a plan or prayer to finding a job in any field - also meaning my future is in bad shape.  I also hate not having friends, not having family I can count on, not enjoying anything I do.  And every day I'm haunted by what some sick part of my mind wants.  Sure I can keep on living if that's what I'm supposed to do, but it's still very empty and bleak when your life doesn't have a point, for three whole years that are supposed to be the best, the most defining years of your life.  How does someone ever fix that?"
"Please see this post:

http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/apeu0/so_ive_grown_up_and_realised_my_life_means_nothing/"
"I've worked for many of the websites you know and love. In some people's eyes, I'm kind of a hotshot. An organization has just spent months of legal bills on me so I can work there.

But I'm doomed. I can't focus for shit. I have some kind of overwhelming self-hatred or death wish that prevents me from responding to normal incentives. My last five or six jobs all ended in more or less the same way -- with an impressive resume bullet point but a lot of disappointed people, that would never work with me again. The next employer relies on the resume (it's amazing how few people check references) and my interview performance (I'm very good at interviewing, and toy problems don't require long term focus). And the cycle starts over.

Already I'm making excuses to my new employers, and they're wondering what happened to that guy they interviewed. Believe it or not I already told this employer that I wasn't emotionally ready to work there. They said fine and a few months later offered me a different, related job. In this economy!

Meanwhile, everything else in my life slides into ruin. Everything in my life is a project on hold for lack of willpower - fitness, cleaning, grooming, other projects I'd love to do on the side, and let's not even think about a relationship.

I keep telling myself that THIS TIME WILL BE DIFFERENT and I've been to therapists over the past eight months but I already see the same patterns reasserting themselves, like all that effort meant nothing.

The truth is, I'm not totally friendless or without resources, but I'm very, very tired of all of this. I came close to suicide several months ago, but some good friends helped bring me back from the brink. And here I am again. I am so sick of disappointing people. At times, suicide seems like a reasonable way out."
"I've been getting more and more into philosophy the last few months and the thing that is now torturing me is the following quote:

&gt;Optimism is ""an insult to the sadness of our existence"" we who are ""tormented atoms on this pile of mud, swallowed up by death, the mere play things of fate.""

And I can't find anything wrong about it. I would like to belief that I'm not just atoms but when I watch people in everyday life there is just nothing ""good"" about them. We are all soulless creatures who perceive a soul. And this fucking conscience is just killing me. I never wanted to be alive. I never wanted to feel a body. GODDAMN!!!"
"   Let me begin by dispelling a common misconception; Nietzsche is not a nihilist. If you associate him with nihilism, dear reader, it may be easier for you to understand what I am about to say if you pretend that you have never heard the name of Friedrich Nietzsche.

   I find that many individuals come to a point where they stop, look around, and realize that they are a mouse in a labyrinth hunting for cheese; however, not only do they seem to be losing the game, but they don't quite see the point of even playing. They find that everything around them is an false image. So much phoniness surrounds them with no escape. Then they look at themselves and find that they have nothing to live for. Congratulations friend, if this is you, you have stumbled upon the dark truth of man. You have made it half the way the way there, but I feel you have one more conclusion to draw that will return purpose to your life! 
	
   Beginning with the arguments of Plato, Socrates, and other Greek philosophers, the original purpose of man was to follow a telos, a goal to seek the purest form of the self. For these thinkers, there was a pure form of justice, of triangles, of logic, and of man that were concealed by images projected by the objects themselves and by culture, and only through argumentation can one find these Forms in a sort of team-effort. This sort of thinking provides, at the very least, a basis for morals and is the foundation for the character we try to instill in children. Remember, even before you started school, how your mothers tried to teach you to be honest and kind as though they were inherent characteristics of man. 
	
   Eventually, people began to question the existence of these Forms such as Immanuel Kant, Friedrich Nietzsche, Joseph Conrad, among others. Each of them provided their alternatives to these forms. Likewise, you, seeker of truth, have found that the forms in and of themselves are lies, and it is here you, Nietzsche, Conrad, Holden Caufield, and Hamlet have found common ground; however, it is time to move back from the abyss and find a role and participate in the grand play of this world. 
	
   Nietzsche provides a solution for this issue. Beginning with the given that ALL morality is a fiction, a construct of society, rather than attempting to distinguish truth from fiction, the distinction must be made between fiction and better fiction. Fictions range from an appreciation of Mozart and the Golden Rule to playing hockey or going to the club. But with no grounding for even this quest for fictions, it begs the question, “Why bother with these fictions?” The answer is, “That is life!” A life consists of a collection of actions, of doing, of being, of finding whatever interests you, KNOWING THAT IT IS NOT TRUE. Football, for example, consists men running about attempting to move a pigskin and tackling each other, but millions of people have adopted this fiction and made the rules a part of their lives. Conrad expresses the pursuit of better fictions as turning to “work.” Work is any activity that produces a better understanding of the self and that provides joy. 
	
   While science has discovered that we are a bunch of atoms, you can do nothing with that information! Unless of course, you are a biochemist. 
	
   I haven't expressed all that I would have liked due to homework that I've been putting off, please comment with questions, comments, hate, love, criticism, and I will try to answer accordingly.
   
   TL;DR You may have realized that the truth is we are a bunch of atoms; however, the point of life is not necessarily to find truth but to find more ways to enjoy life and provide substance for it.

Look at Maximus Pryme comment for a more focused analysis of Nietzsche than my rambling essay."
Deleted.
"[This is a new account, as  friends from life know my other account]


So... does anyone else do this? I generally don't lie to him, but sometime leave out details. Most of the thing's I lie about/don't mention are things which I have learned to deal with myself: For example, I became near-anorexic for a time, but told people the loss was due to a illness. I told myself this enough times that I was actually able to gain weight again. I've noticed that for topics like this, not thinking about it makes me feel better, so I don't tell him about it. 


Still, it seems completely, completely wrong that I can't tell a PSYCHOLOGIST the complete truth. 


Thoughts/input? Thanks in advance SW."
we need some hope... but don't lie. 
"Here's an update to my previous thread (and some all new problems!  Heh.)

Previous thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/all95/no_one_to_talk_to_and_nowhere_to_go/

I started therapy today.  It felt weird, but overall I thought it was good.  My therapist told me I was ""terrific"" and I nearly broke down crying.  I really haven't had anybody think of me in positive terms in a while now.  It felt good to have somebody listen to my problems and not get angry at me, and to have somebody who wants to listen (even if I do pay her... heh).

My family did ask me how it went, but when I only said we talked about background stuff they seemed to just think it was a waste of time (might've just been my perception, though).  I guess they expected her to magically cure me in one session and I'd be normal again.  It seems as though they're now intent on throwing me out in two weeks.  Or maybe not.  I can never tell with them.

They do seem to gang up on me a lot lately.  They tell me that it's too late for me to feel the way I do (i.e. I should be out of here by now and the time for me having anxiety attacks and feeling suicidal is now gone), and although I need to make a decision and either go to school right now (complete with full student loans and an apartment... classes start in under a week) or find a high paying job that will help me move out.  Both seem so impossible.

Then tell me in so many words that I am to do it in two weeks, or... actually I'm not sure what, but whatever it is I'm sure I'm the cause of most of the pain in the family.  Everybody seems so stressed out, and I'm sure it's mostly my fault.  My mom is constantly tired and my sister (who has basically taken the roll of angry parent in this case) is constantly angry at me.  

It might be trying to be harsh because they think it'll help me get going.  When really, it's doing the opposite.  I'm feeling more and more down every time they do it, and more and more like I can't do ANYTHING much less get my life in order.

Every time I try to explain to them how I feel and how overwhelming it all is, they just ignore me and yell at me more.  It feels like I can't ever win.  I'm not lazy, I'm just overwhelmed.  This anxiety and depression just drive my energy into the ground.  I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want tomorrow to come.  I'm afraid that I have no way out.  It feels like it's either get better and make everybody else worse or put off getting better and focus my energy on job stuff or school and potentially risk... well, I don't react well to the stress I have NOW, much less added stress.

I guess what I'm asking is, what do I do?  Are there any coping tips for this anxiety I feel?  Or even if I pile on any more?  Is there *any* hope at all?  Or, I guess, feel free to throw the doors open and offer any advice at all.  I probably need it at this point.

Thanks in advance.  I'm going to try getting some sleep and hopefully things will be better tomorrow.  It probably won't happen, but I guess fake hope is better than no hope."
"This is an update from [My Last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/apdlk/how_can_a_person_live_with_no_money/).  Today I went in for a psych eval to see if medication would be helpful (working with my therapist).  I've been prescribed Lamictal and Vyvance.  The doctor didn't diagnose me with anything, merely acknowledged I have symptoms of Bipolar disorder and ADD.  This isn't surprising based on our discussion.  I don't really think I am bipolar (certainly depression), but I did describe a mild high stage I went through a few weeks ago where I was quite a bit more sexual (never engaged in sex with anyone- just spent a lot of time in chat rooms online), and spent a bit more at the store than what I wanted (I'd go to the grocery store to buy one or two things, but ended up buying stuff I had plenty of, such as peanut butter or bread... not a big deal since I like to keep those in stock).  I didn't tell her about my mild hallucination I've had a few times, where it's like I'm getting raped (I'm a gay guy, it's as if I'm being anally raped).  That's just too difficult for me to talk about.  It's incredibly embarrassing, and doesn't happen too often.  I'll start the Lamactil tonight, and the Vyvance sometime within the next few weeks (it'll take some time to get everything set up).  Both of these are provided to me for free (thankfully).  I've been hesitant about medication in the past, but right now am much more concerned about just trying something (especially with my possible ADD).  I'm incredibly tired of feeling stupid for reading things and not absorbing the material or feeling lazy because I keep putting off doing things.

Thanks to everyone for your help in my last post.  I'm still trying to figure out what I'll be doing, but hopefully my medication will help (especially the Vyvance).  In the meantime (while I'm getting adjusted to the medication), I still have no clue as to what I'll be doing, but this gives me a bit hope."
"I didn't know where I shoud post this, but I figured it could be either here or on the depression subreddit. Anyway, I've been depressed for the last few month. It all started when I stopped working and I ended up unemployed instead of going to school as I wanted to. Now that things have settle down a bit, I can clearly see I still have lots of options available. I can choose to go back to school using a different approach but there's another option which is becoming more attractive. I thought I could travel somewhere far away from home. 

Somewhere I could start something new, somewhere I could work for a living while discovering new culture. I don't know why I didn't think of it before, I'm 26 so I'm not too old. The only thing stopping me from doing it are the debts I accumulated over the year (which I'm slowly paying off) and also, there's the fact that many of my friends who have the same age than me are now buying a house and they are starting a family. I just realized that no matter what happen it's not a good solution to sit down while feeling desperate because nothing is changing, you need action in order for things to change. Anyway, I dunno everything seem to be a 100 time harder because social anxiety is always there (something I thought I had got rid of but it's kicking back since I lost my job). I just lost another job because of lack of confidence, I was told I didn't fit with a ""dynamic team"". I guess they don't need an introvert who's not good at interactions with people. Let's just say I'm not at my best in the business world, maybe that's why I had another set back, office job is draining me.That was another kick back and when it happened, I just fell I was losing control of everything and for a brief period, I thought I would not be able to ever be happy again. I thought I would always have to live my life according to what someone else decided for me and I can't do it anymore. I've been obeying to others people too often. During those months of unemployment, I've seen all kinds of suggestion, few people told me I should get in nursing school because there's a big lack of nurse but then I realized it wouldn't be a good idea to pursue something just because I may get a higher wage. I always wanted to help people even if I'm an introvert but I wanted to do it differently."
"I despise you; and I despise myself. I have no connections to other people, I work hard and get nowhere. I am a sociopath.

I hoped to have a serious discussion through this channel, but I realize that fairness and rationality are merely a front here -- I sense a cognitive dissonance, age-old Christian values mentally disguised as rational thinking. I don't think that the moderators here would allow (even a rational!) conclusion that suicide were the best option. Such an inner concession would invoke guilt and shame; the truth of the matter would fall between the cracks of awkwardness. This is worthy of contempt.

So instead of a discussion of me; I offer this channel as a reflection of itself. Please discuss why suicide is so often the wrong answer. Please explain how you can pretend to understand my pain, my wastefulness, and my worthlessness. I offer these to you as a chance to give your channel some semblance of credibility. A persuasive argument might garner you more souls for saving.

I am a drain on society: the glow of this monitor, the food I eat, every gallon of water polluted by my waste testify to this. I offer nothing. I have no fear of death; it is only an adventure. But this life of futility, I do fear, and it makes me retch. 

I do hope you fare well."
"I recently met the girl I'd like to spend the rest of my life with. She's plain out amazing, and she feels the same about me. My parents, who are hardly supportive of anything I do, don't like her. They've gone through the measures of not letting me see her (I'm a senior in High School), on the days that I actually have spare time. I have basketball everyday, even on most Saturday's, so I have no spare time except Sundays, which I'm usually 'grounded' by my parents for some indirect reason that's plain out ridiculous: eg. getting a 'B' on a reading quiz for AP Lit. I feel like my lack of seeing her (it's been almost two weeks now) is going to have her lose interest in me; ultimately losing her altogether. She's not a hardcore girl, my parents are just extremely controlling and like to take away what's most important to me.

Speaking of her, I'm also in another issue: she drinks. When she drinks, she drinks a lot. This has recently (before I met her) led to sex and a blowjob with two disgusting guys, respectively. She's promised me she'll not try to get drunk, and she's been keeping it so far (by not going full out shitfaced), but I really want full assurance. I know I can't handle any drunk sex 'accidents' while I'm with her, and I've brought it up to her plenty of times. I've had plenty of alcoholics in my family, and I don't want her to end up the same.

I know I'm a pussy compared to other people here, and especially the kids in Haiti; but I just needed to get it off my chest. I got so angry I punched a hole completely through the drywall in my house; cutting my hand up and injuring my wrist pretty bad. My hand got stuck somewhat inside the wall, if that tells you anything how angry I was at another lost weekend with the girl I'm beginning to love."
"but because it is simply so tedious and unrewarding? I do not live in discomfort and do not suffer, but I rarely feel joy. Work is soul crushing, recent romantic entanglements have been heart breaking, friendships are fading... despite my efforts, life is not coming together well. I spend too much time in bed thinking about how it is illogical for me to put forth so much time and energy and when I've seen little return. Life isn't bad, it just isn't good.  "
"Hey guys, thanks in advance for hearing me out. I mean it from the bottom of my heart. This is a throwaway.


First, I'd like to say that I'm convinced I feel more intensely than most people. I don't know if its my age or simply how I am that I whenever I feel an emotion I feel it perhaps exponentially more than others (at least thats what I'm able to discern so far). I don't know if that is a disorder or problem, but it often hinders me. Second I'd like to share a quote by David Foster Wallace.



""The so-called 'psychotically depressed' person who tries to kill herself doesn't do so out of quote 'hopelessness' or any abstract conviction that life's assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire's flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It's not desiring the fall; it's terror of the flames. And yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling 'Don't!' and 'Hang on!', can understand the jump. Not really. You'd have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling.""



And I think it's pretty accurate, very few people can really relate to the bottomless depths of despair that certain people (like myself) can fall into…which is why I’ve come here looking for help. What did me in was the combination of a huge existential crisis brought on by being left by the only girl I've ever loved for no reason other than me not being the same ethnicity (she's middle eastern). She gave into her parents after a while and left...that was 6 months ago. I've dated here and there trying to replace the void but I'm realizing that I keep reaching those same bottomless depths every time I date someone and it doesn't work out. Then I begin to think of our transience in the universe, our smallness and how nothing any of us do will have any objective meaning. It’s a difficult subject to grapple with at 20…the thought that everything is absolutely guaranteed to end. It makes me feel like nothing is worth it. I have to force myself to do anything...to get out of bed, to go to school, to go to work...I have to wear this mask. And I'm fine with that, I'm fine with wearing the mask if eventually I can take it off. But that’s the problem, I’m beginning to think I will never be able to.



My main problem is my loneliness. Before I enjoyed being reclusive but ever since she left I have had this void in my life that is unbearable. I have an inferiority/superiority complex that I’ve been working on controlling but every time a girl leaves me or stops talking to me it makes me have these intense feelings of inadequacy, like I don’t deserve anything. I’ve dated a few girls since her and all of them have ended rather abruptly and for little to no reason that I could see…so I have this super cautious attitude that probably comes off as desperate when I talk to girls now because I can’t figure out why they stopped talking to me. The suicide part comes in when I realize that things haven’t gotten much better in 6 months, that involuntarily still go to that state of mind where I feel complete and total anguish…and at first suicide was a ridiculous notion, something you joke around with, something you don’t identify with or validate as a viable option. But after months of being in that same super depressed state every other day or so it makes me wonder if eventually I will just give in, if my vision will be so clouded by the continuous pain over the years that I will just end it. I say this because already the urges are becoming harder to dismiss. As Wallace says I am becoming more afraid of dealing with the flames within than of dying. The fear of dying is easier to overcome than the fear of having to deal with this state of mind over and over. 



 I’m pretty sure the key to all this is simply finding the means to be happy with myself and everything else will follow, but how does one go about doing that? I mean I’m successful as I can be…I have my own business, I get straight A’s, I’m most likely going to transfer to a top 25 university…I just have this huge problem dealing with my loneliness and this huge hole in my heart that I can’t seem to fill. Guys…thanks again for letting me vent…makes me feel better. I just…I want to be happy. I want to be with someone who shares my happiness and it breaks my heart and my mind when I can’t. 


I've seen exercise been recommended on many other related threads so I'd just like to say I exercise everyday...if I didn't I'd probably be in a much more dire state. 

Edit: I apologize for the length


"
"I have no want of joy in my life. I feel deeply. I appreciate sunrises. My work is satisfying, challenging, and full of surprises.

But I am not a good person a whole person. I am a robot. I do not empathize with other people. I predict them, guess how they are going to react, and provide what I believe is the most appropriate response. In conversations I appear brilliant because I have taken the best of the conversations I have participated in. It is fake. In truth I could not care less how other people feel, and because of this I have no problem destroying lives.

Behind me is a trail of broken lives. I have cheated my closest friends. I have driven people to institutionalization. I have driven people to death. It does not phase me. I read r/SuicideWatch for pleasure.

I acknowledge that I am a broken human being. I am aware that there are structural deficiencies differences in my brain that are not present in normal in other in human beings. Intellectually, I am aware of the horror I have caused.

Therefore the logical course of action is to kill is to destroy me. Thus I will cease to hurt others. I own a gun. I do not miss. I will see you on the other side."
"i've been seeking help for almost a decade. recently i told my shrink i am leaving. he didn't say anything much (cos this is not the first time i told him such thing). he's a nice guy, funny and never lock me up (only once after a suicide attempt) other than that he has been very supportive (saved my ass couple of times -- had difficult time in school, most recently a crime i committed and almost got convicted). i really like him a lot compare to the other shrinks i saw. 

right now i am so bitter , cynical and jaded freaking tired  blah bla bla in short , i don't want to live anymore.. i can't tell anyone even those close to me cos they will be upset again. i have everything -- great personality, a job i like (i'm  a fitness trainer), i get job offers easily, good friends and all other nice things. i've travelled abit , i did volunteer work and i have a cute nephew (the reason why i prolonged my stay in this world , i wanted to die two years ago then i found out from my mom that my then 13 yr old step-sister was 8 months pregnant). i think my problem is my heart is made of stone. i'm so sad it;s killing me. i live in singapore , a city with many high-rise buildings. my next door neighbour jumped and died when i was a teenager. this should be easy.. "
"I don't think I'm suicidal, but for the last month I've been having a recurring dream where I get stabbed and either die (and wake up) or come close to dying.

The strange thing is, these aren't nightmares, they feel really peaceful and I wake up feeling really refreshed.

When I go to bed, I start thinking about what would happen if I kill myself, how I would go about doing it. It is to a point where I can't get to sleep without thinking about this.

I've also been getting these thoughts where I think that ultimately life is futile, no matter what you do, it doesn't matter. We are just a tiny fraction in a massive universe, an accident and all feelings, all emotions, all our achievements don't matter beyond our own existence.

I have got myself into a situation which I can't back out of, if I did it would really deeply affect a person who I love, to a point where I think I would lose a lot of people as friends, especially this person who I care incredibly about.

Ultimately, my life is blessed, my parents are fairly well off and I have never experienced any sort of hardship. But I can't shake this feeling that it is all so, pointless."
"I don’t know where to start, I just feel like I have to say something.  I’ve tried talking to some friends about this, but I need some anonymous place to just dump things into.  At 1 am last night, three police officers entered my dorm room.  My friends from home, a few hours east, called them to make sure I didn’t kill myself.  I wasn’t about to then, and I’m not about to now, but I’m afraid of where I’ll end up and what I’ll do.   
Yesterday I sat in the hospital lobby for an hour trying to pull myself together enough to ask the receptionist for an appointment.  Usually I see a doctor at home, and I’ve been on a trial run of a new prescription, but I missed my last appointment and have five pills left.  The receptionist told me I needed to contact my current doctor, transfer papers, and then make an appointment.  I’m talking with a counselor on campus later today to start figuring out that step.  
The night before a friend gave me his remaining Vicodin from when he had his wisdom teeth taken out.  I gobbled it down and went on a three mile walk around town.  It was a game.  If I won, I’d make it safely back to my dorm and wake up in my bed; if I lost, I’d just topple over on a sidewalk and would wake in a hospital.
I don’t know how serious I am with all this.  Necks are delicate and hurt, wrists too, and my friend’s out of painkillers.  I don’t trust pills to finish me off.  I’ve had friends kill themselves before.  I know it hurts.  I’ve read countless posts here about the family members and friends who’ve been left behind, about people who actually have to scrub their brother’s brains out of carpet.  I know I owe my parents better.  I can’t just throw it all away after they’ve sunk so much time, money, and love into me.  I don’t want to do that to anyone.  Especially when there’s absolutely nothing wrong whatsoever.
I’m in a decent college.  I’m studying things I can get passionate about and can get paid for.  I have plans, a future, dreams and goals.  I have friends and make an effort to make new ones.  I love.  I am loved.  
Then there are times when none of that matters and all I want is out, and I don’t know how to deal with that any more.
I’m going to class now.  Molecular Biology.  I’m fine as long as I’m occupied.  
"
I wonder if anyone could help me. I have been having relationship problems because of my mental health and my ex-partners mental health. Just before Christmas my partner of 10 months threw me out of her house and changed the locks on her door for a drunken row. Im never ever voilent or threatening. It took a week before she contacted me again. We agreed to start things new and things were going great until last week. She had a terrible day - and was terribley stressed - she spent the day telling me she loved me and that i was her rock and inspiration for not falling apart. I ended up seeing her although she thought it wouldnt be healthy for us as her mood was so terrible. She was cold and distant and i did the wrong thing by asking her how she could be like this. She instantly threw me out of the house and has not contacted me in anyway for a week now - even my pleas to tell me whats going on and just give me some direction. This has made me so so ill - the not knowing has made me realise i am ill and have attempted to take my life a number of times. I am currently waiting for a crisis team to turn up at my house. I cant think about anything but her
"I have been on Paxil and likewise for 12 years. I decided to quit 2 weeks ago (cold turkey) and yes i have the zaps and uncontrollable crying, but I can deal with that. I however cannot deal with my anger. I am so pissed about how I let my family treat me this last decade. I usually never feel anger about anything. The only person i have been mad at in the last 12 years has been myself. I want to scream, punch holes in the walls and send irate emails. I just need someone to tell me that i will not be this uncontrollable forever. I honestly think i have developed no coping mechanism for anger whatsoever.

I would love to hear from someone who has gone through the same thing just to know that it can be done. 

edit-spelling and I have decide to go to a local group therapy, be back in a few hours. "
"Why did this happen? How could it happen? I was once the happiest man alive. A statement people usually meet with incredulity. But damned if I ever said anything truer. Now, I can’t help but feel like shit. And the worst part is, I’m still falling. They say, “Time heals all wounds.” They say, “It’ll get better with time.” “You just need some time to get over it.” And my personal favorite, “Every cloud has a silver lining,” that maybe true…except when your sun has exploded, expired, and died. They are liars. They have lied because they are ignorant, and they are ignorant because don’t know what it’s like to “pass time” in my shoes. Every single day, I fall further and further into despair. Each day becomes worse than the day before it; and there’s no sign of letting up. This one is easy to forecast…gray, cloudy, dreary skies for eternity.


And it’s not like I’m just giving up. Do you think I would just let it happen without a fight? I didn’t get to the top by being a pussy. No, I’m putting up a valiant battle. For this war, I brought out the big guns. I’m doing all the things the self-help experts tell me to do. I work out everyday for the endorphins, I read to expand my mind or at least to keep it off the topic of my own suffering, I go out with friends to validate my self-worth, and I even stop all substance abuse, the crutches my weak personality use to rely on. And for someone who has been perpetually but functionally high for 9 years, that is a big accomplishment. Yet, I cannot help but wallow in my own self-pity. I am but a shadow of my former self, and every effort I make to drag myself out of the hole only slips me in deeper. Despite my efforts to rejuvenate, reinvigorate, and reinvent myself, it is all in vain because I only feel worse and worse with each passing moment. Everyday, the futility of my efforts becomes more and more apparent and the reality of my suffering becomes increasingly conspicuous. If I had no family, I would have ended my life unceremoniously weeks ago. Perhaps I would have jumped from the Brooklyn Bridge. It would have been my first and last time visiting the historical monument. Maybe I’d have throw myself in front of an R train. Fuck that, it would have to be an express. Locals may be able to stop in time. And wouldn’t that be pathetic? One more public failure to cement my worthlessness, just in case there was any doubt. But maybe the wait would be too excruciating. Given my inclination for impatience, I just know I would have gotten too antsy. Maybe even backed out. No, I would have to just jump down from the platform and touch the third rail. At least I could leave on my own terms. Never having to wait on the MTA ever again.  Yeah, that is definitely more dignifying. 


But it’s true; my family is the only reason why I continue to let myself suffer. But I fear that even they cannot hold off what I’ve come believe is inevitable. And I use to be so different. I had a wonderful fairytale life. I envied no one. In fact, I’m pretty sure everybody I know wanted to be me. I lived comfortably in New York City, had a decent job in finance, not to mention during one of the worst recessions in the history of that word. But the best part was I had the love of a wonderful and beautiful woman whom I cherished. And she adored me too. It was true love; I felt it everyday…while it lasted. And now, I’m a mess. She’s gone. The job is gone, along with any prospect of finding another. And I’m about to be driven back to my hometown. The place I loathed so much, it inspired me to slave away in grade school, just so I could get as far away from it as possible. And with each passing day, the closer I am to returning to that dreadful place, head hung in shame, tail between my legs, emotionally, psychologically, and mentally broken. My ego tells me that such an action would be a catastrophe. My ego says, “Surely! Death is more honorable. Even if it’s by your own hands.” He continues, “It’ll be so much easier, just think about it.” And I do. And I come to inevitable conclusion that he is right. Do I want to be like Britney, Lindsay or Tiger, blazing high into the sky only to fall from grace so ungracefully? Or accept self-destruction with the calm, dispassionate dignity, like the samurai. Fuck senseless self-preservation, I’ll take hara-kiri any day.
"
"I had eight pages of personal stories explaining my past for this submission, but I think in writing it out I came to some important conclusions that I can summarize.  I would really appreciate any advice on these issues, as I feel lost and hopeless.  
In no particular order, my biggest problems are these.
Relationships are the most important things in my life.  Nothing has brought me more joy and more pain than close, intimate relationships.  Without having closeness to my family, I have always hinged my happiness on friendships and girlfriends.  A pattern has emerged over the years where I become very close to one person, it eventually burns out from the intensity and high amount of time spent together, and I will sink into suicidal depression.  I have been fully aware of this problem for years, and yet I have seen it repeating itself.  I feel horribly guilty and pathetic for putting so much pressure on other people who have their own problems.  I feel like a pathetic sponge, a child who cannot stand on his own feet, someone addicted to self-loathing, self-pity and searching for escape in others.  
To summarize my recent issues…with my last, and longest relationship with a girlfriend, this dependency was mutual and we both had to reassure each other/remind each other of our worth constantly.  I found out that she was sleeping with one of my best friends, someone I trusted deeply, and this destroyed my heart.  I spiraled into a self-destructive, suicidal mode.  I would repeat the phrase “fuck you” and “die, kill yourself” in my head obsessively, non-stop for months while lying in bed after quitting my job.  The phrases in my head and the feelings I was experiencing felt completely out of my control.  What was worse was the fact that after a few months my ex-girlfriend began calling and threatening suicide to me, saying I had ruined her life for turning our mutual friends against her.  I would reassure her and tell her I still loved her, but she would cuss me out and tell me about the new guys she was sleeping with.  It was the lowest I’ve ever felt in my life.  I felt no respect or love from her, and yet I would plead and tell her how much I loved her.  What stopped me from killing myself on countless occasions…I really don’t know, other than fear, and not wanting to make other people sad.  
My problem is that “not wanting to make other people sad” has not been enough to make me want to continue living, let alone be anything near a great person.  I feel capable of love, I know I loved many people in my life and they have felt it, but I cannot give myself a fraction of that love back.  How can I love myself?  This is my single biggest problem.  I have been to three therapists, but I had to quit because I could not follow their advice in moving out of my parents’ house and finding a great job.  How do I break free from the self-awareness without action pattern that I am stuck in?  It has been a year since I found out about my girlfriend cheating and I still obsess about her.  I am still at home.  I am still searching for happiness in other people, instead of finding self-reliance.  How can I change my life?  I am obsessed with fantasizing about the ultimate escape because I am so familiar with these problems and patterns.         
"
"i don't know if anyone here has seen funny people but thats basically how i feel on a daily basis. i've hated myself for as long as i can remember and a little while ago i actually tried doing something about it.

the problem is, even after a year of working on myself and trying to improve i have literally nothing to show for it. 50 pounds lighter and i feel just as shitty about myself as i did when i was fat. in fact, i feel worse now because im the same horrible person i used to be, but now only slightly more visually appealing. i hate that even though i look and dress better i have even worse confidence than i did before and even less female prospects than ever. i hate the fact that i still have alot more weight to lose but literally couldn't care less about losing it at all because i know i wont have anything to show for it. i know i can have the perfect body but i know i'll hate myself all the same and just find something else to hate about myself. im literally always going to be miserable because i'm always going to be me. i hate that i think this way but i can do no other. i cant stop hating myself and i haven't hated anyone as much as i hate myself on a daily basis. i see myself in mirrors and windows and want to die. not just becasue i am ugly, but because i am such a horrible little fucking person who pushes people that like him away and stick around those who despise him.

i fucking hate being myself and i know theres nothing i can do. i can't change enough that i will like myself and i can't accept myself for who i am, i've been trying my whole life to do any of those things and i literally can't bring myself to do any of them. 

i fucking hate myself"
"Based on my knowledge of sociological explanations of suicide, and my experiences as a rider, buying a motorbike may save you from committing suicide.

Allow me to elaborate: many sociologists identify a lack of social solidarity and social integration when studying suicide statistics. As a point of interest, there is also the argument that suicide rates are social facts, meaning that no matter what society you look at, suicide rates alter on a par with the society. This means that over periods of a century or so, the rates will stay very constant. 

Back to motorbikes. I did a fair bit of riding yesterday around my city; since I live in the suburbs,  go to school in a village that is even further out, and have a metro (train) station just up the road from my house which takes me straight in, I never tend to ride there, and tend to get lost on the rare occasions that I do. The first time I for lost yesterday, another rider pulled up beside me and asked if I was ok; something I am not used to at all. He then proceeded to give me accurate directions to exactly where I had been trying to get to. On the way back, I met up with another rider who had parked his scooter next to my bike. He was going the same way as me, and offered to let me follow him. 

So in the year I've been riding, I've got a new sense of identity, and even a sense of brotherhood as riders seem to always be willing to help their peers. 

On top of this, you'll receive a friendly nod from most riders you pass (I don't know about other countries, but I live in the North East of England, and the further North I go, the more likely I am to get a nod). If you need further persuasion to get a motorbike, I can assure you that it is one of the most fun things you can do, if you avoid cold and wet weather. 

To sum up, getting a bike will give you a sense of belonging that is on a level with nothing else I know of; it will give you hundreds of intrinsic thrills every time you straddle a bike; it will give you a warm feeling every time you get a nod (especially from someone on a bigger bike); and if money is an issue, you can rest assured that once you get the test, gear and accessories out of the way, bikes are unquestionably cheaper than cars. I hope that in my idle musings I have converted a biker or two, or in the very least provided an amusing anecdote and an interesting if spurious theory."
"There is nothing I enjoy. Old hobbies like guitar are sources of anxiety. I am unable to nurture relationships with my family. I am short tempered and unable to stick to my guns. I can not communicate with others well. I am going to school for something I won't enjoy a career in. I don't want a career. 

I want love but how could I love someone else if I don't have the strength to take care of myself? In relationships all I do is worry about how I look and act. I am selfish and cowardly, so I can't nurture another person.

I am terrified of other people, I can not help but dwell on what I perceive they think of me. If I hear laughter around me my instinct is to feel it is directed at me. I have trained my consciousness to respond with ""you KNOW they are not laughing at you"" but the feeling remains no matter how logical I am about it. I also twist fragmented parts of peoples conversations into insults directed at myself.

My dad isn't proud of me. My mom is depressed. My little brother is overweight and emotionally unstable. My older brother is disappointed in me. 

I lie and exaggerate frequently. I also dwell on my negative qualities.

When I look in the mirror I feel disconnected from my reflection. 

I'm on medication for anxiety but it's not helping. 

I love my friends but I push them away. I'm socially juvenile. A born loser. 

I'm ugly too. Cherry on top. 

Started taking double dose today, 300 mg. And I felt fucked. I was laying down and I couldn't stop thinking about running a hose from the tailpipe of my car into the front seat. So I came on here. "
"Right now this is the single most compassionate place that I know of, yet there are those in need of support that aren't necessarily suicidal.  I feel bad directing them to SW, not because I think SW is a bad place, but I don't want them to perceive my directing them this way as thinking they are suicidal."
"All right, I'm posting way too often here but anyway, right now I feel like a failure because I've always been the one with higher score at school (that was a long time ago), I was told I would be able to do whatever I wanted but still, I can see failure almost everywhere in my life. Solving logical problem has always been relatively easy for me, the hard part was with ""emotional intelligence"".  Things like expressing my emotions and discussing with people was the hardest and it's still not as easy as I would like too. What I fear the most is if I end up failing completely as I get older. I mean, it's one thing to have project, but I'm filled with fear and I'm full of question wether what I'm doing is right or wrong. Filling my days with computers related things has always been a way to cope with the ""hard to socialize"" part of me but I always fell a void as if I was missing a big part of life experience. I've always wanted to experience this missing part but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it."
[removed]
"The slope of the hedonistic treadmill has a positive gradient.  I suppose it gets tiresome to live for you family.  At some point if you can't live for yourself, you'd be damaging your family anyways.  The truth of the matter is that there really don't seem to be any absolute truths for the value of self-preservation.  Any life is probably completely trivial.... especially when put in relation to the scope of the universe.  That being said, humans are programed to wish for life, self-preservation, and preservation of their kindred.  But why bother?  ... I don't have an answer for you... and i don't suppose anyone can really give you one devoid of some kind of fallacious assumptions of meaning, purpose, or spirituality.  So I concur suicide is reasonable especially if everyday is unpleasant, and you know conclusively that there will be no way out.
I think if we are asking ourselves the question: ""why bother?"" I think we've already lost.  It's a bad question, it doesn't have a good answer.... like wanting the answer to ""Life, Universe, and Everything.""  Humans naturally wish to survive, we should not have to fabricate abstract logical principles in order to stay alive.  I think implying meaning outside ourselves is a religious construction, and in all cases devoid of substance.  So we have to forget about asking about purpose and meaning, because taken to their logical conclusions such questions have a null answer grounded in the triviality of biological programing.
I feel that many people have the right approach, exercise, find a passion, socialize, go outside, do material things that will kick start your survival mechanisms.  Perhaps that is the only way to fight against that stupid fucking treadmill.... and maybe it's not worth it if you consistently get knocked down to the bottom.  But Sisyphus continues..  ""And one must imagine....""


"
"Just for background - I've dealt with major depressive disorder since I was 15.  I had an abusive childhood, dropped out of high school at 16, got my diploma equivalency, worked some, attended community college.  I graduated nursing school in 2008.  

This all sounds good on the surface - I am (reasonably) happily married, employed, have a roof and food.  

But I still fight off the thoughts of inadequacy, despair, certain death.  Trying to do my job with this is like trying to hold a conversation while wearing static-filled earphones.  I fall into old patterns of self-harm, drink too much, play too much sad music.  I take medication - it took months for the worst side effects to disappear.  

I was written up at work for bad customer service - I came across as glum and brusque.  

I want to blame myself when something happens to a patient - like I should have been perceptive enough to notice a problem far before it was clinically evident.  It's ridiculous but pervasive.  

Mainly, I consider timing.  Prior suicide attempts (three, one serious) increases the risk of completion.  I have a tiny voice in my head - ""When? Tonight? Next week? Next month?  O.D. on Easter afternoon?""  

How do people get to this point, when it seems so normal to go over and over the ways it could be done?  Why does it seem so logical to enumerate the reasons for suicide?  Is it the coward's way out, or am I a coward to continuing to live?  

Guess I just want to talk. "
"I posted [elsewhere](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/at9ah/a_9_year_old_boy_hung_himself_at_school_in_texas/c0ja4n5) about how I finally managed to find help.  I've been watching this subreddit for a long time now without commenting.  I just want to say to everyone: *talk to someone*.  Don't blame yourself.  Don't worry that your problems aren't 'important enough'.  Don't think about what others will think of you.  Seek out help.  I can hardly describe what a different mindset I've come to have in just over a month of anti-depressants.  For the first time in my life, I have hope, I have the energy to take care of myself, and I do not wake up wishing I hadn't.  I'm not posting this to make anybody else feel worse.  I'm posting this because I wish somebody had told me a long, long time ago: ""It's not your fault, you have a valid problem, and it *is* fixable."""
"For the longest time I was so alone in school I would look around and would wish I was somebody else **ANYBODY ELSE!** if only for a day. I suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder so this thought was recurring and would drive me crazy. I would sometimes imagine myself as someone else. Have any of you ever experienced this?

BTW: my favorite song is [**The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose - Circa Survive**](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhLm4JgXd5Q&amp;feature=PlayList&amp;p=695F6B787F56F72B&amp;index=29) probably because it asks this question."
"Hi. I posted a while ago and didn't really know how to follow it up. It's been a weird week. I didn't eat for six days because my boyfriend left me (no hints, no prompting, no actual reason), I had to collect all my possessions from his house at a time when he wasn't even in, and he has yet to explain what the fuck even happened, considering he had proposed to me. As far as I know, I did nothing wrong, but I can still feel guilty for some reason. His Dad went into hospital recently and he started a new job, so evidently something snapped, and I got the full impact of his wrath.


Last night, I tried to kill myself. I can't give too many details, or someone might figure it out (i.e. police, still investigating), but I stole my Mum's car and deliberately crashed it at high speed. As in, very high speed. For some reason, I didn't even break a bone. I planned it out and I meant for it to kill me.


I now hate myself even more. My (ex, I guess) boyfriend's friend told me they went to see the crash site out of ""morbid curiosity"". They decided that it was definitely deliberate, based on the skid marks. Apparently my (ex) boyfriend now thinks I'm completely crazy. He was accusing me of this when he left, saying I was like his psychotic ex, and covering up the fact he wanted to go back to his former (miserable) life of smoking weed til it got out of hand, sleeping with girls who mean nothing to him and just.. generally.. having no responsibilities at all, and not having anyone to say ""maybe you should calm down a little?"" when he's angry.


The nastiness he subjected me to - in terms of Facebook-related cruelty, as well as totally ignoring my existence, despite us having so much planned over the next few months in terms of a gym membership I'm paying for, tickets for events, tickets for festivals, going to Germany in August, and living together in September for University - was more than I could take from someone who was absolutely perfect and lovely for five months, and asked me to move into his house.


Isn't it funny how things can be self-fulfilling prophecies sometimes? Call a girl crazy, tear her life and future up in front of her, and she fucking snaps.


Yeah. I don't know. Where do I go from here? I can't even die after that. Barely scratched. What is going on in my life?



**Edit: for the benefit of others considering suicide, I would not recommend the experience. Bodies are apparently a lot tougher than you think, and you do feel every second of pain before you're unconscious. In the event that you don't die (which is, apparently, very highly probable), it WILL haunt you for the rest of your life.**"
"I just wanted to post this for those who may be thinking about suicide. My brother was 16 when he died and words cannot describe how I feel his loss. We were very close even though our age difference was 8 years apart. He had tried (to commit suicide) before but on this particular day I had no idea what he intended to do. He lived with me and my children and chose to hang himself in my 5 month old son's room. My girls, who were 2 and 4 at the time, are the ones that found him. I cut him down and performed CPR until the paramedics arrived. He was on life support for 8 days until we found out his brain had swelled too bad for him to live a normal life. Every year around this time I relive those horrible days and still cannot believe my brother is gone. I grieve for my children because they will never really remember their wonderful Uncle and I will never get to see him grow up to be the great man I knew he would be. So to anyone who may be thinking about suicide, please remember that the family you leave behind will continue hurting long after you are gone. 
*edit: spelling"
"She left me because I'm an asshole. No, really, I am. Ask anyone I work with. I hurt her a lot, and really don't blame her for leaving. This happened back in September.

I was fine for the first month or so. Then I started to realize how much I miss her. How much I miss the little things, like crawling into bed with her, the little notes she would leave on my lunch, things like that. I've tried getting her back, but she had made it very clear that she doesn't want to get back together.

I've been suicidal for a long time, as long as I can remember. However, I've never felt this horrible about my outlook on life. Everyone says that killing yourself over a women is stupid as hell, but I really can't picture my life without her in it. She wants to still be friends, but I can't do that. The few times we have hung out, I've tried to hold her hand, brush her hair off her face, things I used to do, and she backed away from me and pushed my hand away. 

I've already planned how I would off myself. I've done my research and believe that helium exit bag would be the best way. Anyway, I just need to vent, and hope someone listens.

Please don't talk about God, and how he has a plan for me. "
"I'm 18 years old. I have to be honest, this might be one of the more odd threads you'll see here. I'm not depressed, or stressed, or overwhelmed by anything. I'm just bored.

I've felt this way for about three years. Nothing I do is in the least bit stimulating. I have friends. I'm relatively normal. I go out and I hang out with my friends, watch movies, go to school and do my classes. When I get home, though, I just don't really do anything. I don't do any homework, and because of it I'm practically kicked out of school. Everything I do outside of my house is fake. I pretend to laugh, to be interested in things others have to say, but I'm not.

To be completely honest, I haven't felt any physical or social attraction to anybody in these last three years. I haven't even been sexually aroused in at least six months.

As I said, I'm not depressed. I'm just bored. Nothing I do holds any sort of stimulation. Nothing that should affect me, such as getting nearly kicked out of school, and failing classes, does. I'm entirely indifferent to all of it. Days feel like they are 40-50 hours long. They just stretch out and never end. When I'm not at school, or out in public, I sit at home and play video games, but even they aren't stimulating. They're just a timekiller between school and bed.

I've only been seriously entertaining the idea of suicide for a few weeks. Before that, it was just an idea in the back of my head. The only reason, too, is that I just don't feel like putting in the effort anymore.

Any input would be appreciated."
[removed]
"So, a bit of background first.

I am currently 21 years old, and in the process of applying for medical school from a decent university. Academics are going very well, cumulative 3.73 GPA as a second semester junior with all of my hard courses taken care of. 39 MCAT. Started work this semester in a neurotoxicology lab, I've had ~200 hours or so of experienced with various physicians/surgeons. So on paper, I'm a great applicant. 

However, I have some severe emotional issues. I inherited severe depression and also a touch of psychopathy from my father's side of the family. Up until recently I have never felt any sort of strong attachment to anyone in my life. When departing from my family I never got homesick, I could easily just sever communication between myself and them and feel nothing. This all changed a year or so ago. I met this girl, we can name her Heather. From the very beginning I knew that she was different from everyone else. I knew that she was engaged to be married, but I didn't care. I was content with just her friendship. 

Well, she and her fiancee both graduated and have since moved away. Now, I don't know what has happened between now and then, but our conversations have quickly tapered to nothing. We used to hang out all the time when they lived in the same area as I do, and when they first graduated we still talked at least weekly. I don't know if I said something stupid, but she won't even respond to direct queries any more.

Now for the kicker, I may or may not have access to her email. If I did, I could surmise that I know for a fact that she is ignoring me due to emails from me being unbolded in her inbox. I know I'm probably a piece of shit for whole invasion of privacy thing, but I have an incredibly hard time trusting people. As in, I always think that by being close to me, someone has an ulterior motive. She has never done anything to make me not trust her, but I still fucking do this. 

I am a terrible person.

Anyway, as of late I've been looking at different toxic chemicals with an appraising eye. I would rather not leave a messy corpse for my roomies to have to deal with, they've got enough shit to deal with without my problems being hoisted upon them. 

We have counseling services available on campus but they say that they are obligated to break doctor-patient confidentiality if they believe that you have suicidal ideation so that is most certainly out. I'm not going to fucking get committed to the local psych ward for a few days because I wanted to vent at some guy. I could also get a single free session with a psychiatrist, but I do not know what kind of chances I would have to be prescribed SSRIs based upon one visit, and each additional visit is something like $35. Completely unfeasible for a university student in my opinion. Not to mention the fact that the idea of being on anti-depressants leaves a bad taste in my mouth due to the fact that I would always feel that my new state of mind was purely manufactured by a pharmaceutical company.

Looking back at this post, I really don't know why I'm even posting this here. It's a jumbled fucking mess of words. Oh well, looking forward to seeing the responses you guys give."
"So I finished high school last year and my poor
grades mean I have not been accepted into a university. It now looks like I'm goIng to have to get a full time job and join the rat race. 

 This may not sound so bad but I have the last few years swinging between shear apathy and nervous breakdown, I allways assumed once school ended and I got into university life would be good.

Since school has ended I feel largely the same and this coupled with the idea of me having to start a full time job has left me feeling trapped. I know my situation doesn't sound bad but everyday seems to take a mountain of effort and I no longer have the hope for tommorow that I used to. Ultimately I just don't feel life is worth the effort. 

Sorry for the long winded post. I just wanted to get that off my chest and see if anyone can relate.  "
"AIM: asweetreverie

Can't say it will be any fun, but maybe if you're bored? "
"I don't really want any answers to this, to be honest i know them all - it's just that meh, sometimes it seems my life absolutely should end.  I feel like my parents created something that doesn't belong in this world, a tropical fish dumped in a garden pond.  I used to dream of escape, i remember as a youth i would cut myself and it would feel like i was rising above the world of pain, escaping into some other dreamy realm but alas it reached the point i had to cut too deep to free the binding ropes - ~I have a huge chunk of flesh missing from the last time, the last time i thought transient emotional suffering was temporary enough to bypass but now i can but wallow deeper, all roads lead to the same anguish.  I am broken, my hopes and dreams won't ever make sense in this world, the life i must lead is of suffering and pain.  

Well, i've smoked a spliff and listened to some godspeed and i'm feeling a little more cheery, when my mind wonders to dreams i can sort of create hope -that rational path i've drawn out of this swamp of murky disillusion beacons me forward but every step i take i seem to sink further in this godforsaken bog.  I do have a dream worth following, a key to the door but yet i can't help but know i'll never make it, if i do it'll be but an empty shell -yet more of the same hollow failure.  Never will i really see that feeling of freedom which i dream of, that escape from what some scoff and call 'angst' - i am but a being born to suffer and destined to die one day, all my life having been nothing but a painful string of empty events.   "
"Since I lost my job in September, I'm just trying to get back to a state of equilibrium but I'm failing at every attempts I made. I have project but I need to vent because right now, I tried to get back to work at least three times, I had more than 10 interviews and I sent countless number of applications with no results. I worked for a brief amount of time until I was told I couldn't fit in their ""dynamic team"" and now, I'm slipping into a state of apathy. I stay indoor almost all the time, just eating because I need to and filling my basic needs but I don't feel I could do anything else. It took me all my energy to get into a new job and I just lost that job after two days. Beside doing a low wage job at a McDonald at the end of my unemployment insurance, I fail to see any hope. School would be great, even if it's part time but I can't do it if I fail to lift the veil of depression inside me. Suicide was not an option but then it started creeping in my mind, as if it would be an easy solution to remove an asocial guy who's depressed and out of job."
"I've finally gathered the tools of my own destruction.

In 2 hours and 19 minutes I will consume .5g warfarin, 4g aspirin, a couple of dramamine and about 1/3 a bottle of everclear and then I will go for a drive through a very turny heavily wooded area. 

Any last questions for a man who is approaching death? :)"
[removed]
"I am not so much sad as I am tired. I always seem tired nowdays. I only want to smoke (to relieve pain and sleep) and sleep. I don't want to go to school or work since people are there. I see myself putting more and more distance between people. I stay in my room mostly all day. I have stopped seeing all my friends except my one best friend, who has to push me. I just dont want to deal with people. I hate talking, I feel like everyone judges. I know its probably not the truth, but I want to avoid it all together. I hate putting on a smile now. I hate trying to act ok. I feel like no one listens to me anymore. Its what I wanted, but at the same time I feel so alone. Its not depression, since I've been through it and I know how it feels. This seems different. Im losing touch with society"
"I spend all day alone, then go to work in the evening. And I work by myself all alone all night. Most day's the longest conversation I'll have with another human is the 15 minutes with the person on shift before me.

But by far what's killing me inside is being alone and over 40. I can't help that. I can't change my age and I can't help but feel that if you are single 40 is some kind of adult expiration date. Most times I think the world in Logan's Run was right. My life clock should have run out when I was 35.

I missed the window of opportunity to get my adult life on track and now it's too late. I know all of you will give me the usual ""oh you're still young"" and all that. But it's just nonsense. This society has no use of, and maximum contempt for middle aged men (fuck you Ray Romano, that damage you've done can't be undone). Every day in dozens of ways I feel far too stupid and awkward. This world and this life is best left to tall, cute hipster 25 year olds with giant beards and skinny jeans. Not the likes of me.

Now, I have a good job and all my bills are paid, so I'm really only a failure personally. For whatever reason I just sat there and let my life go by. Probably because I was to afraid to actually take part in it. Now I wake up every day wishing I was dead."
[removed]
"I've never really been at this point before, so I don't totally know what to say. I feel like I've fucked up bad, I've wasted my life and I don't think I'm ever going to be successful. I'm a fairly smart guy that wasted his brain in high school and what I got through in college (about 52 credit units where I learned nothing and skated by with a 2.0 GPA). I've never worked a job where I learned a useful skill and I tend to quit things right when I'm getting settled into them.

I've reached a point where it seems like it's all caught up with me. I'm pretty far in debt, about $4000 upside down on my car and $4000 on my credit card, less than $10 in my bank account, and my car payment is due in a week. Luckily my Dad is letting me live with him for a little while because he thinks I'm trying to join the Air Force, which I am but I don't think I'm going to get in because I have so much debt and $500 in collections for a speeding ticket I can't afford to pay because I don't have a job.

If I were to get a job to pay the ticket, my Dad would kick me out because that would mean I wasn't trying to get into the Air Force. I had to lie to him about how much money I had to get him to let me live with him even temporarily, he doesn't know I'm in debt... if he found out he would kick me out... I know that doesn't make sense but it's true. 

I'm 20 years old and I just feel like I've completely fucked up. Stopped going to school because I got bored(yes I realize this was a huge mistake) and now I can't afford to go back. I just really feel like I can't handle this and I'm ready for it all to just go away. If I could just kill myself I woudn't have to feel the constant pain of being a failure every day, waiting until my latest facade comes crashing down on me. I don't know what to do reddit, I want to turn my life around but I don't know how, and it seems like no one cares.

Is there anybody out there listening?"
"I'm not going to spend all day writing and rewriting this. I honestly don't care anymore. I'm not special. I'm not beautiful. I'm ugly garbage like everything else in my life. The only real friend I ever had is dead, I still blame myself, I could have done more. I'm miserable half the time. I have mood swings. I drive away everyone I get close to... or they leave me... or they die. Life doesn't seem to have a point anymore. I don't want to feel like this anymore... I just started on Prozac 4 days ago... I hope the pills fix me or kill me... I can't live like this anymore. "
"I am able to analyze nearly any situation, but I cannot interact with others or commit myself to tasks -- one of which I need to do in order to give to humanity.  If I cannot give to humanity, I probably have genetic defects and should remove myself from the human gene pool.  And if I cannot continue my genetic line or contribute directly to humanity, I should end my life and cease to consume the Earth's resources.

Is there a way out?  Can I still bring my life to a positive production-consumption spread?"
"If you are emotinall sensitive please leave. English is not my first language and my fingers are pretty close to being frozen so please bare with me. Call me chicken for not sliicing my wrist but I feel incredibly selfish for posting this because i do have have a loving family but I feel very I would be placing a huuuge burden on them with this. I know its selfish to do this to my family but the emptiness i feel is just unbearable at this point. I have detered this as long as possible by reading websites about parents who lost their children to suicide but I am done now. My dad works like a dog from the time he gets up to the time he gets to sleep and my mom works a shit job just to put me through school. My parents have very little saved for retirement which I think is my fault of me not being able to pay for uni. 

Academically i'm doing fine, recently got an internship in the IT field but I still feel empty.I feel incredibly selfish for posting this here but as many previous redditors i have no other option. 

I simply cannot find the source of my emptiness. I try to keep a positive perspective on everything but I simply cannot find happiness anymore. My smiles, my caring attitude, and my forgiving nature all go unnoticed, if anything, I am constantly 'used'. I try to remember that more than half the worlds population doesn't have the luxury of feeling like this but that can only deter my thought process for so long. 

I have been treating my body as a temple for a while but recently just gave up and started smoking, drinking, picking fights for no reason, and been planning my way into meth / heroin. I walked home on the wrong side of the highway hoping I would die instantly yesterday but no luck. My car just recently died and now my family has 1 car between the 4 of us. My best friend is moving away and i recently got dumped by a girl i would give the world for. I am more afraid of being alone for the rest of my life after my parents are gone than anything. It seems respect for women or anyone else for that matter is no longer a requirement in the western world. As a last act of good faith I helped a passed out student get home from the bar to ease my conscious about this.

If destiny has it, I will make it home and read any words of comfort you anonymous redditors can offer. If not, this song ""In the music 2010"" has provided me with an attitude to not fear what may come of my last attempt on the highway to find peace.

Thank You.




"
"I posted this a month ago, and found it while looking through old posts. It made me smile, even if I was the one who wrote it. I want you to see it if you haven't. *hugs tight*

-----
The world is an amazing, brilliant and lovely place. With love and passion and beauty. Between imaginary friends, love songs and fictional best friends, real friends, family, your dog [who you know is the best dog in the whole world] everything is amazing. Your country, foreign countries, languages and cultures and flowers, trees, books, video games and computer circuits.

I love you. Yes, you reading this. *hugs* I love you. And you, and you, and you. Because you're a person, you deserve it. And I'm right here. Me, my imaginary friends, the way I pick up British accents, listen to anime soundtracks and fall in love with fictional people. I'm right here.

And there are tons of other people who love you too. Just look at SW and what we do here. How we care, how we love.

Then there's you. You who reads with a flashlight under the covers even if you're 20, who loves the smell of flowers in spring, whose favourite thing in the whole wide world is a shiny rock you found as a kid. Who feels lost and hurt and afraid... hugs Don't be. I know it isn't that easy, I know- but try to smile. It'll be alright. The world is beautiful... for every ounce of pain, there's someone there with a bandage and a hug. With hot chocolate, extra little marshmellows, and the whole of series one and two of Doctor Who.

And a few nice links ^^ ""I love the whole world"" - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EdaLfJjDuE&amp;feature=related

And with XKCD: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAasManZ6IA

Love the world. Live and smile... because of happy things, lovely things. The apartment you want with nothing but mattresses for the floor, the midnight dances in the rain, Diablo III coming out... the stars in the sky, the random people on the interwebs, cats with captions, and candy.

Because the pain isn't forever. I was in hell, I'm still scrambling out of it... but I love the world. I love people, and 50s songs and the way that I cry at sad endings to anime.

So hold on as tight as you can to your happiness. Hang onto your book collection, your garden, your level 96 mage. To what makes you smile and makes you laugh... and to your dreams, your future and your life.

My MSN is vmjwolfess@hotmail.com if you want to chat. I'm generally online and would love to meet new people and make friends.

*hugs* I love you all."
[removed]
"Now, I'm ordinarily moderately to a bit more than moderately depressed. Probably bad enough that I should be on medication for it, but I'd rather not be.

Every now and then the depression will get really bad and I will start thinking about suicide, never really enough to get any concrete plans laid out, but I start getting urges to just go ahead and keep walking across traffic when I cross a busy highway on my way to campus. Or I'll just randomly start wondering if certain wall fixtures would be able to support my weight if I were to suspend myself from them.

I know these feelings are probably indicative that I should be on medication, but surely I can't be the only one who gets self-destructive impulses from time to time, right?"
"They'd talked about depression before, but he's usually such a happy guy, so she didn't take any notice of it. He had talked about suicide before but played it off like a joke, like I said, he's a pretty carefree guy. This weekend he tried to hang himself. He lived, but is going to be almost completely braindead. She's not doing well. What can I do for her?

EDIT: I spent some time with her. she's doing alright. He's doing better, too. He's being more responsive and brain activity is up."
"I’ve given my heart unconditionally, made compromises and sacrifices. I’ve been genuine, played games and been indifferent. I’ve waited patiently, jumped in blindly, been a friend, been aloof, spoken my mind and bit my tongue. I've tried therapy, medication and meditation. I’ve showed I cared and pretended I didn’t. I’ve been myself and reinvented myself.

No matter how hard I tried or didn’t; I can’t have the one thing that’s most important to me. I’ve come to the conclusion that I’m broken in some fundamental way that makes me unlovable. 

Don't get me wrong. I've been in love and I've been loved. But everyone I've cared for has left me only to find their someone soon after leaving me. I feel disposable.

I’m tired of the cycle of longing, hope and disappointment that this life is. I don’t have any more room left in my heart for it. 

I have no illusions that I’m going to a better place. I don’t believe in anyone’s god or heaven. When this is done I will simply no longer exist.

I don’t worry anymore that I might kill myself. I’ve come to accept that it’s just a matter of when. 
"
[removed]
"I've been moderately depressed for a long while now (probably 7-8 years). Normally it really isn't all too bad. But as of late my lows have become much more devastating and my highs less frequent to where I feel like I'm constantly fighting an uphill battle. 

I maintained a 4.0 for my first three and a half years of college but now I can barely even bring myself to open my textbook to do my homework. I've started questioning whether I actually care about anything. I can't really see myself enjoying the life I have planned for myself, or any other life for that matter. 

I've also started neglecting my health. Since last summer I had gotten incredibly healthy and lost somewhere around 80-85lbs of fat and put on a significant amount of muscle. But as of late I've returned to eating shitty food and making self-destructive choices. I've started playing around with doses of the different pharmaceuticals that I normally take without much concern to what I am probably doing to my body. Last night I consumed probably 5oz. of everclear and 75mg of ephedrine sulfate just to see what would happen. I've never done anything like that before...I don't know what the hell is going on with me."
"Hey, guys and gals. It's me again.

I'm sure that you're all familiar with my story, or at least my type. I have this tendency to get depressed around the winter months (though my blue feelings seem to know no seasonal boundaries), and for the most part, I've held it off this year.

Recently, though, I've noticed some terrible changes in my character. I feel lethargic all the time, and it makes me feel as though my life is pointless. I'm in this weird paradox where I want to be alive, but I don't want to suffer through the boring spots. I've also been trying to shed this whole thing where I put being in a relationship on a pedestal. It worked for a long time, but at least once every few days it comes back to haunt me.

All of these things have made me incredibly nasty towards at least one of my friends, and I find that coming out and talking to my friends is as effective as talking to a brick wall. I have a feeling that it's because I've got this one track mind, and it's so difficult for me to break it.

I've read a lot of different stories from this particular sub-Reddit where people are trying to get over relationships, and part of the responses is ""it just takes some time."" I think that I'm just realizing how long it really will take for me. I wasn't just in a relationship with my ex-girlfriend, I had a crush on her for three years, and I still think about her (though it's getting to be less frequent as days go on).

I can't find a job, but at the same time I acknowledge that I certainly haven't put forth the necessary effort. I know that there are people who turn in applications every day, and I only fill out a handful of applications periodically only to be disappointed when no one calls. My dad convinced me that I had a slam-dunk over at a gas station, because the manager offered *him* a job; but when he went to check, the manager told him that they weren't hiring because they're short on hours as it is. Need less to say, I was incredibly disappointed.

It hasn't been all bad being single and unemployed, though. I went back to school, and made the Dean's List last semester. I suppose it's just difficult for me to put the good things on a similar level as the bad things.

The reason that I'm writing tonight is that I had fantasies about cutting myself not 45 minutes ago. It's the first time I've had such morbid thoughts in a very long time, and it convinced me that I needed to write something that someone would read and give me a decent response, and not just ""Oo.""

tl;dr version: I'm feeling like a great pile of excrement, could someone please help?"
"....who kept me going by posting here during my darkest moments, even though you had no clue that's what you were doing. But I especially dedicate it to those who are having their own trying times.

I know redditors aren't big on country music, but this one isn't too ""country-ish-"", so maybe you could bear with it just long enough to hear the message. 

[One Day You Will](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EY2Yct8LjOo)"
"Why go on? So you say, because blah blah blah. But why? Then you'll say blah blah blah. But why? 

The thing is, I've lost a lot of emotion over the years and tried to live off reason alone. Most people live off a bit of both. Maybe mine's getting distorted because I'm putting emotion so much on the back burner. You live because you're having fun. When you're having sex, you don't ask why you're doing it, do you? Or something else fun. I've come to ask myself why all the time. There is no answer to the ultimate why as in, why we're here other than what you make up for yourself. 

But I just can't seem to avoid asking myself why I'm doing this or that, or even living. You say because it's good for me? But what's good for society? What's good for the world? What's good for the universe? Is man even good for the Earth. We seem to put our priority ahead of things. Who said we should be priority first over the Earth or other animals? It's only because of some people who feel so self-assured is why society thinks this. And they know no more of the ultimate why than you or me. 

Is it normal to disregard emotion to ask yourself if you are what should be? Is society what it should be? Should man be? It is because it is, right? But what if I killed myself or someone else, then it won't be. Then that will be what is and what should be, right? You see, the world is a fucked up mess and nobody knows the answers. But some live in their own world and in there, it's orderly; in mine, it's chaos. 

In some smaller dimension, the world can be understood and run parallel with one's emotions but if you look out beyond what you understand, you'll just see chaos, and that's what I see. The problem is, it's only a problem if one deems it a problem. And to me, it's a problem. I try to look beyond what I can see. To try to understand myself, understand others, the Earth, the Universe, I try to look at it all regardless of my own emotion and ultimately, I think that's what's killing me. I tried to do what I saw was good but if you venture too far to understand too much, you eventually wonder the validity of yourself and others. 

So why should we go on? Is it to advance? Is it for some ultimate dream? How far can man advance until he's satisfied with his state? If we're doing what's good for man, eventually we will evolve and not even be the same species anymore as we are not what we used to be. Then the fight we fought for us will be for something likely entirely different milleniums later.

The way I see it in this Universe is just pieces of the universe fighting other pieces of the universe to control a bigger stake of the pie. What's the point? How much of the universe can we consume before we become the universe? And that's really a hypothetical question. But really, what is it we are fighting by going on? 

Or is the purpose of life to be happy? What makes us happy, is it being faced with challenges and overcoming them? And there we go again, we get to questioning how much can we overcome until we're happy? If we were a tyrant and killed everyone and obliterated anything that got in our way, would we be happy? I don't think so, I don't think we'd be happy in the first place. So the big question is, why are we here? Why go on challenging something when if you look very far into it, it seems there is no end. I think that endless feeling is why I had nightmares and fears of the concept of infinity.

It reminds me of an analogy I use. The kid who's all into solving pi just keeps going and going while the smart kid tries to look far into it first and realizes the other kid is just wasting his time on something that never ends. So who really is the smart one here? The kid who's further along in the equation or the kid who looks far into it and thinks the other is wasting his finite time with infinity? I really don't know here and I think either answer is valid. Maybe the kid working on it is happy doing it, maybe it's not a matter of intelligence, just emotion. And I think it's that emotion I lost. It looks infinite and I can't fathom why someone would want to keep going on unless he's just happy doing it but it seems no purpose other than selfish. Or maybe, possibly to serve him or his community. But serving him or is community, is that what he should be doing? Is this good for the world? Good for the Universe? 

You see, this may seem absurd but to me, entirely meritable to doubt my universal validity. I don't want to be a thorn in anybody's side so I constantly look at my self-worth. The thing about it is, nobody knows. So what is the point of even asking here? For me, life is more questions than answers. Maybe you can help by telling me I'm not alone but I do fear it seems I'm alone with these frightful questions going through my head all the time. It seems I have OCD and ADD due to the OCD. Here, in this world, it's a ""problem"" because it may be unbeneficial to society. What if this was 1943 German society, would something that was good for their society actually be good for the world? We learn all the time about man's incompetence to mankind. So very many doubts, so little answers.

Edit: I'm not sure this is the right subreddit to post this or not but it's this logic that leads me to feeling suicidal sometimes. And maybe it's other external conditions that lead me to thinking this. Maybe the unanswered questions coupled with depressive days make them all the worse. I don't know but suicide is a regular thought but I'll probably forget about it a day or two and just keep going on. I'm a chicken. Unsure of myself a lot, including this. But it's posted just in case anyone else has similar thoughts and feels alone and unanswered a lot."
"I'm just 26 but still I've seen quite a lot of persons who chose suicide. I even saw people who chose to deliberately get into an accident with a truck, making sure they will die in the accident. Maybe I refused to admit it, but all those years of emotional abuse, during my childhood created psychological trauma. I grew up as if I didn't exist and I did fell like a ghost sometimes. I'm not posting here to complain about my past or anything, I just hope I will be able to encourage people. I had countless moments where I fell it would be easier to just give up and die. When I was 20, I just wanted to be ""normal"", I tried therapy and I read theory as if knowing the theory would be enough to heal myself. Then, I became comfortably numb again for more than 5 years. I refused to try anything that could improve my situation because I was tired of all my past failure. I switched from one college degree to another for too long and then, I ended up in graphic design simply because I was too tired to do anything else and I couldn't even believe I could do something involving anything more than this. Then, last year I saw a glimmer of hope because I finally realized I was able to help people through volunteer work (suicide hotline). All my hopes were bases on the assumption that I would start a bachelor degree in social work but then, I failed again and I ended up looking for jobs. I had a series of failures while I was looking for a new job too. I worked for one weeks then I was told I had a lack of self confidence and things would have to change if I wanted to keep that job. I just told them I wanted to leave because I thought I couldn't fit in there and anyway, I wouldn't want to stay in an office job. They agreed and I got back on unemployment insurance but I just fell like a total retard trying desperately to do something good of his life. I was so desperate that I can't remember how often I thought of suicide. There was just one thing keeping me alive, I wanted to go all the way through the end of my suffering and I wanted sweet revenge on those who caused emotionals abuse when I was young. Those things are still the main driving force pushing me and allowing me to believe I can still try something even if I sent countless number of curriculum vitae with no answer and those few times, I got an interview, I didn't receive any positive feedback. I also had a discussion with my mother and I just found out she had to go through the same suffering 16 years ago. I couldn't believe what she told me, she had a plan with a precise way to do it, all because of the same stupid sect which caused so much pain in my family."
"So if someone is submitting about committing suicide are we supposed to up-vote so it may be seen, or would that be misinterpreted?"
"I don't really know what to do.  I can't talk to any of our friends.  I have been super depressed and despondent for a long time.  I never cry really but now I can't stop.  There doesn't seem to be any happy outcome.  All I can do to keep from sobbing is think about how I'm going to get her back.  I wanted to marry her.  I've never been in a relationship nearly this serious before.  All I can think of to win her back is to exercise and get really fit because she say's she doesn't find me attractive anymore...  What's worse is that she is already trying to move on with some guy she is chatting with online.  He lives far away but the thought still hurts a lot. 

I don't even know if I want her back now.

I have health problems that have been plaguing me for years too.  I'm pretty much constantly in pain.  

Since, for the past two years I've been dating her I have pulled away from friends and now I'm completely isolated.  

Edit: Thanks to all of you and your advice.  I forgot to mention that I live with her but she is watching her sisters house for a couple weeks.  

I am doing the exact opposite of what the general consensus is.  I'm planning a large valentines gift to try and get her back.  I'm also not been eating much and doing exercise...   I threw my cell phone against a wall and I started crying in a few public places.  I have a few suicide plans that you'll be happy to know are pretty painless. "
"Sorry this is so long. I feel like I just need to tell someone.

I've had issues for as long back as I could remember. I never really ""fit in"" with the other kids and would always strive to be a teachers pet because I felt more comfortable around adults. When this stopped working for me in 3rd grade I skipped school as much as possible. I cried every day, I stuck the thermometer under a light bulb and I stuck my fingers down my throat to throw up... anything to not go. I never knew why I hated it so much, I just did. 

Through the rest of elementary and part of junior high my brother tried to kill me several times. I don't think, even if he would've gotten his hands on me, he would have succeeded. Even still the memories haunted me. I started making one of my first ""friends"". I brought her home to hang out and he tried to beat us with a christmas catalog. I never had people over after that. I gave up on trying to make friends.  

Around 15 I met a guy. He was 21 and he was the first person I ever ""identified"" with. He helped me through a lot of problems I was having in school and taught me a lot of cool things about math and computers. My parents felt I was spending too much time with him and told him if he ever contacted me again they would have him arrested for child molestation. After that, I didn't even want friends. I would hang out with a group in school, but I never really talked to any of them, I just didn't want to be stared at while I sat alone at lunch. I met my current boyfriend during this time. We met on IRC. When I told my ""group"" how we met (they wanted to know who I was always texting since it definitely wasn't one of them) they made fun of me. I've always felt like everyone is judging me, and this point put a strain on my relationship with my boyfriend.

I joined the military my senior year of high school. My parents spent all their money adopting my little brother and paying for my older brother and sister to go to college. I needed the all the help I could get. My boyfriend disagreed with the idea and we had a fairly big fight. I was hoping we would make up before I left for boot camp but it seemed less likely every day. A coworker noticed and offered to talk to me one night after work. I jumped at the chance to make a real friend. He took me to his apartment and raped me. No penetration, but still emotionally painful. It was the night of my senior prom. I had elected to work because i had no real friends anyway. Still, there's something about getting raped the night of your senior prom. It made boot camp even more hellish for me.

I graduated boot camp and went to my military job training. I made up with my boyfriend there. Things were finally looking up for me I felt. I applied for a voluntary leadership position on base and was paired up with a mentor. He was a nice married guy. I was very obviously attracted to him but I kept my distance out of respect for his wife and my boyfriend. He was the first person since I was 15 that I was really close to. The night I found out his plan was to divorce his wife he too raped me. I was stupid to let it happen again. I thought it was my fault. I thought it was because I was falling in love with him. I blamed myself so much that I forced myself to have a relationship with him. It was painful. I started cutting. I broke up with my boyfriend. His (ex)wife found out and told my boyfriend I cheated. My life was in pieces.

Military life was too painful. I transferred into the reserves, made up with my boyfriend somehow, and went to college. I can't make friends even still. My boyfriend and I have been together for 5 years (minus our break) now and despite his devotion to me I can't say I actually love him. Sometimes I feel like he's cheating on me for no valid reason... I'd have to say trust is my biggest issue with him.

I'm 21. I'm overweight (5'5"", 190lbs). I'm at risk of losing my support system (my military unit which contains the only two people who know about my second rape) because of my weight. I have trouble waking up in the morning and trouble sleeping at night. I never get anything done. I blame it on laziness but in truth it's apathy. I always thought, ever since I was little, that the world would be better off without me, but it wasn't until recently that I seriously considered suicide. I just noticed how easy it would be to accidentally go off the road driving or something similar. It's been getting worse lately. I feel like I have nowhere to go and no one to talk to. I always feel like I'm being judged. I've been to 10 therapists now and haven't told the full truth to a single one because I feel like they're judging me. Even now I feel the same. Being anonymous helps: this is the first time I've told the truth.

I've read others problems on SW. I've helped other people on SW. It seems like they have redeeming qualities or a large group of people who care. They have a reason to exist. I can't find that in me. Even my boyfriend is getting to the point where he could move on easily...

**tl;dr** I've lead a fucked up life. I don't even feel like I'm worth saving anymore. I need help. Why would anyone want to save someone no one cares about?


Edit: It's hard to spell when you're upset. I've fixed what I've found. Don't mind me if there's a ton more.
 "
"Psy-kosh was kind enough to check in me with a message a few days ago.  I figure I should write an update since my [last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/aq6qw/update_ill_be_on_medication_soon/).  I've been taking Lamictal for the past two weeks or so.  It's still getting into my system.  The doctor had said it'd take about 5 weeks or so before I'd notice anything.  I haven't started my other medication (Vyvance) yet, due to some complications with the free program (namely, I need last year's tax forms to apply... but I can't find them).

I've felt pretty down a couple of times, including suicide ideation.  Nothing immediate.  I'm mostly keeping it at, ""In three months when my money runs out...""  I am starting to worry about my money situation.  I'm also feeling extremely frustrated with my incredible disorganization, memory, and attention/focusing problems.  It seems I have a lot of ideas for stories or other projects, but I can't actually do them.  I'm also worried about applying for jobs because I can't remember my last jobs.  I have only vague recollections of what I did.  Usually, there are questions ask about specific circumstances... which I can't answer in details (if at all).  There are lots of moments I really just feel like giving up.  In many ways I already have.  When I quit my last job in the middle of last year, I basically did so with the intention of killing myself once I ran out of money."
[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/axadq/alone_and_bereaved_i_sold_everything_i_had_to/).
"I've been in a serious relationship for a few months and I love this girl. She's mine and I love her, I really do.

It's just that I'm stuck in the past. Four months before I started dating her, she was tipsy-to-drunk at a party and gave a gross guy a blowjob who completely took advantage of her. Whenever I try to think of what I find wrong about her (to hopefully see that I can't find anything), that comes up. A month before that, she was drunk at a party and got fucked by her best guy-friend. Of course, she loves me and I trust that she would *never* do this now, but the past is biting my ass and it's hurting. I'm always afraid of one of those guys saying: ""Hey, that's your girlfriend? She gave me a blowjob!"". She's not a whore, reddit.

How can I forget her past and keep loving her? I'm sorry if I'm being selfish, asshole, etc. I just need somebody to talk to. Everybody's too busy for me.

**edit**: I just talked to her about it. We had a pretty nice heart-to-heart and I completely feel better, it's crazy how fast that can happen. I really do love this girl, reddit. Thanks for all the advice. I love you all, you're always there to talk and help."
"   This is a letter I am writing before I kill myself.  At the moment it seems very self-indulgent and pitiful.    I can't excuse the idea of it being simply a cry for help either.  maybe this is only a form of release.  To get it off my chest onto something substantial.  Am I only feeling sorry for myself.  I wonder.  The internet is down at home.  And not that I can't find somewhere valuable to spend my time, but just now I realized how much is wasted on connecting to the outside world, the oftentimes intangible presence of everyone that I try to get a taste of by browsing the web.  Hold on, I've got to put my empty bowl in the sink.  Finished.  I think I should spend more time with my cat.  Or let him outside at least.  He gets more frustrated by the day it seems.  Whining this melancholic meow as if saying “someone help me escape this wretched life . . . or at least play with me”.  Is that me speaking through my cat?  I wonder.  



   Last night while watching a movie I thought I heard my father screaming my name outside.  No joke.  It was very low and subtle as if from a far off distance but I could still hear his signature accent spilling through. “AaaaDoe-N”  or something like that.  Anyway I was completely terrified for one split series of moments.  I thought “what if he's died on his flight to Florida. . . and I didn't even want to hang out with Him and Josh at the bar to say goodbye.”  Yes, Guilt.  But still, I know very well that he had already arrived in Florida days before.  Even then, I don't believe in any of that superstition that people are in any way connected.  Do I want to believe? My dad seems to think it's possible.  



   I remember once when we were living at John's and Kathy got into a fight with Steve.  Dad called right as shit went down and asked what the problem was (at least that's how my dad and sister remember it anyway).  He was convinced that he had known something was wrong and that was his reason for calling.  Is there something superhuman about that?  I don't know.  I hate to question my dad's own mind and willpower, but how does he know he wasn't calling just to see how we were doing.  Hell he might have even been picking us up that weekend (if it was his weekend).  But I digress, Why had I felt guilty at the thought of my fathers death?  



   I stop writing at this point to consider writing down I am gay.  But if that is the case then why should there be any guilt towards the fact.  I remember a story my dad once told me about how him and my uncle John used to go to Toledo bars and look for gay guys.  He said they would act all gay (or was it friendly?  I don't recall) to get them in a cab or away from eyes and then beat the shit out of them.  Fear?  He divulged this information to me and my brother and we all laughed.  



   There has always been this sense of pity emanating from everyone I meet.  Maybe just the hellish depths of self-pity?  I wonder.  I can't shake the feeling that everyone is walking on eggshells when around me as if they are waiting for something to happen.  Like they are awaiting the apocalypse.  Is my shame evident on my face?  Do I wear my being on my shoulder?  Are my thoughts obvious to everyone around me even as I try as willfully as possible to maintain a peaceful solitude?  Why am I writing this down?  Oh yeah, to put it on something substantial.  Maybe I don't want solitude.  But then why am I pushing everyone away?  Why do I feel that happiness comes from understanding oneself not everyone else?  Even then, I can't stop trying to read every bodies mind, no doubt injecting my own thoughts into their heads before I read them.  



Is suicide so despicable?  Why should I stay alive for everyone else?  I think that is a selfish statement.  Just as selfish when people  expect me to keep on living for THEIR well-being.  The balls man!  I don't deny that the act of suicide has a disastrous effect on people's psyche.  It seems that they can not comprehend the “insanity”.  But feeling this low (self-pity or sickness?) is just as insane.  Why is death so excruciating for everyone but the person that finally departs?  They carry his pain on long after he is dead.  But that's not something he asked for.  Is it something he has the right to take away? No.  It's natural to be sad I guess.  It is the pity that evokes it I think.  Pity that there are no more good times ahead.  That solitude is just around the bend for everyone eventually."
"Just thought I'd share this with you. I'm a 23 year old male and I've felt like killing myself for years now.  I let myself go down this downward spiral and ended up as a stereotypical parents' basement dweller after withdrawing from my university when I was put on academic probation.

As time went on, I started isolating myself from everyone and started pushing away all who were close to me. The most dominant thought in my mind was how/when to commit suicide, and with each passing day it seemed like the most reasonable thing to do and I just came up with more and more reasons to kill myself. Every time I tried to make a difference or change my ways, I would just fall back to my old self after a few days. Life was only getting worse, and my prospects weren't looking good. I was being a leech to society and life seemed pointless. 

Fast forward a couple of months of this horrible existence, and I was more determined than ever to kill myself. I considered posting my problems in this subreddit and didn't feel like going to a psychiatrist again. One night in early January, I had this rather crazy dream I'll never forget. This might be prone to false memories, but here goes: 

&lt;CRAZY DREAM&gt; I'm in this giant facility for 'useless people' and a bunch of 'government scientist' types are messing around with me and putting me through a series of tests and trials. 

They then make me put on a mask and tell me to get into this large elevator with a mirror in it. I comply but I feel something's wrong about this whole thing. Soon enough they say ""Goodbye"" and start laughing at me through a window in the door and the elevator starts going down. I'm overcome with fear as I realize I'm going to die and start freaking out, I shout ""I don't want to die!"". I look at myself in the mirror, pull off the mask and think ""I shouldn't let myself go to waste, I can't be useless, I'm still alive"". I pull out my phone to call for help, only to find out there's no network coverage since I'm underground and in an elevator. I then decide to record a message for others in case they find my body later. 

I start recording a video and begin this long epitaph in which I speak to the people close to me, declare what values were dear to me and what I wanted to do with my life. In the process I realize things about myself like I behaved like a fucking narcissist all the time and start weeping. Suddenly, I lose the ability to breath and get ready for this slow and horrible death full of regret and pure terror &lt;/CRAZY DREAM&gt; ....and I woke up with my face in the pillow. I got up let out the largest sigh of relief of my life and felt this tremendous zest for life. Although things didn't change much, I felt great from that moment on. 

This post is getting too long so in short, I learned web programming and made some good money undertaking projects for local businesses. I started hanging out with my friends again, reconciled with my family and others who I put off and I'm getting ready to head back to my university. Now with each passing day, I find more reasons to live instead of dying.  It's strange a dream brought out the best in me, I guess a lot depends on how you look at things. To those feeling down, I hope life turns out better for you.

Any similar U-turn experiences?

**TL;DR** Life was bad, was always suicidal, had a crazy dream in which I was being killed, realised I really don't want to commit suicide and now everything is going better than ever. "
"Someone from another thread wanted me to post here, so here it is.  If I can find the strength, I'll be ending my life tonight when I get home from work.  Not looking for support, I just want it said somewhere."
"Most days I don't feel like a human being.  

First of all, I am uncreative and will most likely stay that way. Remember the famous Picasso quote, ""Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.""?  I can think of one good counterexample: me. As far as I can remember (Grade 1 or so), art class and creative writing would conjure up physical pains in my stomach and all I could do was bluff my way through until it was over. Over the course of school I discovered more art forms to hate: music, singing, dancing. I suppose I could learn to appreciate art, but only on technical merits. The cliche that art is how we ""express ourselves"" makes no sense to me.

Probably more importantly, I honestly don't think I know how to love another person. From what I can tell, most people seem to agree that giving and receiving love is the apex of human existence. But here I am in my mid 20's, and I don't understand it. Sexual attraction, being ""in love"", hell even ""having a crush"" are all weird, foreign concepts to me. And as far as friends go, let's say that my absence would not have a huge effect on their social lives.

All of my feelings of self-preservation are gone. When falling asleep, I pretend that I'm dying, only to be disappointed waking up in the morning. As a person who cannot produce something of value for humanity, nor someone who can love humanity, what hope is there for me? A life as a generic, non-feeling peon seems like a worse punishment than non-existence."
"Couple months ago, boyfriend cheated on me. I thought we could work past it. We've been together forever. Surprise, I just found out he did it again. 

Shock.

A*fucking*mazement.

Rejected for the job I wanted. That's big. Huge. It was The Job. The one I should have gotten without breaking a sweat. The one that would have put me on financial easy street for life. The one I'd someday maybe support a family on. (Fucking hilarious idea, I know. Me, have a family? Right. Sure.)

Got a volunteer job and can barely keep up even with that. Too dumb to be functional.

Got a 3.95 GPA, which gives people the delusion that I'm competent in anything. I'm not. When I'm listening to people my mind just zones out at times. Miss a lot of information that way.

I'm boring. So boring.

Literally have zero friends. That's part of why I'm so unwilling to break up with boyfriend, I think. My personality is very abrasive. Very awkward. Too me-me-me all the time. Most people piss me off anyway and regularly being around people stresses me out, so I usually don't mind, but it's a little lonely sometimes.

I don't know what's wrong with me. Who gets stressed by having a good time with friends? My last batch, I chilled with about once a month, times were good, but even though it was only once a month I would have to force myself to go.

I've only ever had one job over one summer, and that was pure dumb luck--was for a company that hired via lottery. I've never had an interview before, except for the volunteer job, despite sending out FSM-knows how many resumes and cover letters.

And people say, it's so hard to get a job. You have to stand out beat out win over everyone, absolutely everyone else. I can't do that. I can't beat anyone. I don't know what success is. I've never felt it, not in anything, once, ever.

If something is hard I put on the brakes.

I can't even summon up enough will to study, and I take courses I actually enjoy. I just

don't

care

and I don't know why I should. I'm entirely dysfunctional. Tried counselling regarding that once, did shit-all. Of course.

I'm just so worthless. I'm a horrible friend, I'm a horrible lover--another reason I can't break up with him is that he's the only person who's ever been able to stand me, and likely ever will, that's how bad I am--I'm utterly unemployable and a waste of resources in a desperately overcrowded world. A waste of my parents' money as I get this worthless degree. A waste of more of their money as if I graduate I'll have to move in with them again since I sure as fuck won't be getting a job.

I can't live.

I don't want to have to kill myself, but I really can't be alive anymore. This is not living. My life has completely failed.

I mean, how fucked are you when Tim-fucking-Hortons is actively hiring and won't even give you an interview?

No one would even miss me. How could they? No friends. My family, sure, but I know that deep down they'd be relieved that the burden is gone.

I don't want to live for the end of the world anyway. We're all so fucked. The economy, fucked, society, fucked, the environment, fucked. Everything is just fucked. Why do I have to stick around? I'll probably be murdered on day one anyway. All the shit I see on Reddit, even though I unsubscribed from practically everything, it just makes everything worse.

I don't know. Just typing into empty space, I guess. I feel so frozen. Nothing I've tried, not eating better, not exercising, not counselling, not smiling more, nothing has helped. I'm coasting, sleepwalking, leaden. Cliche, but I feel numb. My brain can't think anymore, only suck up information and then regurgitate it. How do people come up with new things? It's beyond me. I'm firmly planted in the box, have been my whole life. Can't get anywhere if you're not creative, and beyond not being creative these days I really can't think about anything I haven't read, can barely even connect two related concepts anymore. I just don't know."
"Hi.

I don't know how should I begin. I don't even know why I am here. I guess the first thing I just say is that I am just tired. 

Things are reasonably well. I have a decent salary. I go to school. I'm almost 21. Male. But I am so alone. I feel so empty and alone. 

I feel like a total loser. The only ability I seem to have is to push people away. I have no friends. I have no social skills. At work, I'm just used to it, we all talk and have fun, but most of them are considerably older than me, so I seldom go out with them. At school, I only talk to 3 or 4 people. 

It's so stupid, I know. It's a non-issue. I feel people make fun of me. I feel like I'm falling apart. I feel like shit, I look like shit. I'm fucking ugly. And all that. And I cannot even tell what's really happening anymore. I'm losing my head. I don't want to keep going with this. I like school, I like the few people I talk to, but I get home every night anxious and asking myself why am I such a loser. When I look in the mirror, you know, I don't look like shit. But when I'm outside is different. I'm such a pussy for worrying about shit like this. And even with all that anxiety, I hate this loneliness, I hate this emptiness. I hate the person I've become.

I'm so fucking tired of the same shit over and over. The same job, the same meaningless tasks, going to school and going home. Being in front of my computer until midnight. Sleep, repeat. It makes sick to know that something as meaningless as this is making me plan my own death.

I just don't care anymore. There is only one thing I need to do. I need to detach from my family. I need to piss them off, to make them angry. Having done that, I'll be ready to leave all this shit behind. I have a few plans. 

&lt;snip, it was too descriptive&gt;

I'm planning to go far away. To another country. I just need to figure out a method (gun would be difficult to find), I'm guessing I'll try to overdose. I'll have to shred any evidence of who I am (passports, wallet, CCs). Or make it look like an accident, jump from a bridge, who knows.

It'll take some time, maybe a few weeks, to finally have everything set up. These feelings have been getting worse and worse every day. I cannot stand this. I just don't want to live anymore. I've waited for a long time for something big to happen, and I now realize this is it. I almost died during birth. I was never meant to be alive. Bring it on.

Like I said. I don't know why I'm here. I already know the usual answers (this is a secondary account). But I have no will to try it anymore. Sometimes, I just wish I had a gun, so I could end it as soon as possible."
"I thought uni and living in a big city will be better, but it's not.
I just don't know how to make friends. I talk to people, I do everything I'm supposed to but no one likes me. It's like they can smell that I'm a loser.

I'm depressed because of this and my schoolwork is suffering. 
I envy other people for being better than me.

I don't think I can go on much farther. If things don't get better by May, I'll off myself a few days before my birthday."
"I would say I've been secretly severely depressed for around 6 months. I've been trying my hardest to get over my heart breaking over a messy break up with my ex (together for 3 years, it was perfect mostly). We broke up around Octoberish and I thought I really could carry on. But the more I try not to think about her the worse it is. I've tried taking up physical and mental hobbies to take my mind off but I just can't stop thinking about memories we shared together. She's obviously moved on and is happy again, which I'm happy for but I can never extinguish the hope that we can still share a few more memories together.
So anyway, I've made a serious cry for help gesture before by means of a pain killer overdose and sleeping tablets but now it just seems like I really can't go on. My heart feels broken and shattered.
I have a motorcycle which I ride regularly in heavy, open road traffic to commute and I never forget when riding how easy it would be just to swerve slightly to the other lane and get hit head on and end it.
I know this is incredibly stupid because of the immense damage it could cause to so many other people but it's always there in the back of my mind.
I just can't move on. She's slept with other men now and has got a whole new life, she was incredible in almost everyway. I know she's a totally different person now but I still can't shake her out of me, she got so inbuilt, everything I did, I did for her...

Help me."
So I suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder and always wanted to interact with people who suffered from the same. I made [**/r/diagnosed**](http://www.reddit.com/r/diagnosed) for people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness and would like to talk to people who suffer from the same.
"I really encourage anyone here who feels they aren't getting attention they need after the first 18 hours of posting.... come back and start a new thread. 

Link back to your original thread in the post... or at least let us know you previously posted so we know to look.

Lately one of my life's problems is that I'm a bit distracted. I could sit here on reddit all day and do a better job following up... but it does help me to balance here with outside-the-computer-screen life.  But it isn't always easy to mix and predict time, sometime the wind of life blows long to the West, then back to the East. That doesn't mean I don't care and you are just some text.  I just am more busy on some other stuff in my life and my mind or emotions can't do as good of a job.  I am asking for your help please.  I also suspect others here responding would like more opportunity too.

I am being centric to my life, as I run my own consulting business have worked at home for over 10 years... so my idea of weekends and evenings is rather intermixed. I'm sure there are other SW helpers and responders who work day jobs and are here before and after work or on weekends.  There's no formal schedule for us, we just check content like most redditors do.

I don't actually keep any kind of reminders here on people who have engaged me.  I kind of consider that too impersonal, to much like a ""job"".  Maybe I should, I am obviously thinking of that idea as I write this.  I wish I did at times, as I can be self-absorbed just like you at times... and I don't wish for my ""bad distracted day"" to make it seem like you don't matter.  But don't we all do that to friends at time, even if it is our first day with them?

This is part of why I've given people my cell phone number to text and such.  Seriously, almost nobody does this... so you really aren't imposing to ask me for it.  I've learned to be brave as this world can be a little harsh, there are some areas where it just isn't worth trying to be too tidy.

I know that it can take a lot more than one day to sort out a serious emotional crisis you have going on.  I don't consider us here miracle workers.  We just try to use some common ground (reddit reading interests) to connect ourselves.  I have no illusions that we aren't strangers, but I truly am open to letting more people in my life.

I can't always fix the frustrations in life... but I can keep trying to offer me and my role in life.  I work at home, by myself, and have traveled many unique ways.  Who gives a shit if I make new friends with some anonymous stranger on the Internet.  I think it's cool, others can think whatever the hell they want.  I am just being me. If 150 find me a fool and one is helped, then I did something.  I have had some privileged in life to spend time where most could not.  I hope that you can take me serious that the time thing is real. 

And for the record, I did kind of ramble here... so what. It's 2:00am here in Austin and I had to work on some server issue that needed attention, so I posted here and responded to someone who had orangered me.  If you need help, post away, I doubt you can match my rambling ;)

tl;dr Post, and re-post, we need your help if you need ours.  Don't feel like we don't care, it may just be that we aren't so perfect either.  Keep reaching your hand out, cry louder, you are not alone!"
"About 4 months ago I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety and panic disorder. However, I have had depression and anxiety since I was about 11. I just never told anyone.

Since being diagnosed I have quit my job (I was really unable to work because of the panic attacks, which I was previously self medicating to get by), started medication and begun seeing a psychologist.

I feel like since all that I feel so much worse than I have ever felt. And I should feel at the very least hopeful.. I mean, before I was just getting by and pretending to be fine. But now, Im sort of on the right track to actually maybe being okay one day.

Maybe its the medication or maybe its just the depression getting worse but Ive been thinking more and more about suicide. And I talked to my doctor about that and he said its normal, but that I should definitely talk to someone if I ever start making plans for suicide. And well, Ive begun making plans. And that scares me so much. But I just feel so terrible putting that on the people around me. I feel enough like a dissapointment and a burden on them already, just revealing my depression and all the anxiety and attacks that go with it. I dont want to force them into worrying about me being suicidal as well.

I recently got some sleeping pills from my doctor, temazapan. And while reading about the side effects and things (which I always do for medication), I noticed that overdose, combined with alcohol can almost guarantee death. Which has been in the back of my mind for awhile now. I always thought if I ever did do it, I would do it. I wouldnt try and end up even worse than before with permanent brain damage or anything terrible like that. I would do it and I would die and it would be over.

And I guess, I really want to do it. But Im not stupid. I know that things change. And that in 6 months time I might be okay. Im just not sure if its worth riding it out to see. It might also just continue to get worse. Who knows."
"I don't even know what to write here.  I guess I just hope writing it out and discussing it will make me realize how stupid wanting to die is.   

I'm 31 and bipolar.  My doc has been giving me lithium for only the past 3 years to treat it.  It has helped TREMENDOUSLY with being able to hold on to a job and a relationship.  I'm poised to finish and sell a start up website.  We are in a very nice niche market and have a celebrity endorsing it.  Basically, there is no reason I shouldn't be rich, or at least well off, fairly soon because of my efforts.  I have been with the same girl for 3 years and we are getting married in my home town this spring.  Yet here I am, thinking almost everyday for the past 10 months, that I want to die.  I think about this more then anything else.


I think my main problem is definitely stemming from the bi-polar.  It's not the ups and downs that get me now, it's the consistency that literally bores the life out of me.  Before I learned about my condition everyday was an adventure, for better or worse.  Work was exciting, creative, inconsistent, and sometimes volatile.  My women were very numerous.  Now everyday is the same and the is no adventure to life anymore.  The more committed I become to the people and and projects in my life the more I know what to expect everyday.  This makes me to die.

Now the ups and downs of undedicated life wasn't exactly a picnic either.  I'm 100% self destructive and ruin the life of anyone that cares to be part of my life.  

So i'm left with the choices:
a) Take the drugs and be bored for the rest of my life.
b) Not take the drugs and destroy my life but sometimes happy.
c) Die.

Anyone out there have any ideas?"
"Throw away account.

I'm 22, just graduated college, living with my parents, working for my parents (and not earning a wage cause they can barely keep things together right now), in huge credit card debt, student loan debt. All my friends left back at school. No friends where I'm living. Can rarely visit friends. 

And I hate it. I have thought about suicide for years. since before high school. But I don't think I will ever commit it. Too scared of the effect it would have on my family. However, I am constantly daydreaming about dying in a car crash, or of lung cancer, or something that would bring my life to an end without causing the pain of having a suicide for a son and brother. 

Here I am, feeling completely helpless, and I don't know what to do to rectify my situation. I've tried therapy. Barely helped.

and again, I will probably never commit suicide so I feel pathetic asking for help here, but I can't stop wishing I was dead. 

"
I'm incapable of hearing that girl I loved slept with 4 people last night. There is not a way to bear that emotionally. 
"I can't help but think the day after I die, aliens are going to visit Earth and I will have missed that. I can't let that happen. I have to see everything I can before I let the world win. Fuck that.

Maybe this doesn't work for you, but I've started to think about it from a different point of view and it's been helpful. Think about it."
"I don't mean to say that it didn't help. The man I spoke with said some things I needed to hear that I don't think anyone else had the balls to say to me. However, in light of the reason I was calling, I think he could have been a little, well, nicer. When dealing with someone suicidal, you aren't / shouldn't be condescending, hurtful, or downright rude. Telling someone who has just admitted to you that they have no problems with dying and are actively looking for a way out to just stop talking about it, to ""fake it till you make it"" in the first 3 minutes of the call, is not the proper way to handle the situation. Try to understand the situation. Hell, ASK WHAT THE SITUATION IS before you start spouting what you think is best.

Telling me that my friends are tired of hearing about my issue, and that I should just man up and shut up is most likely going to make me want to grab the damn helium tank from my closet, drink some vodka, then put the damn exit bag over my head! You, sir, are not helping me calm down when the tears are streaming down my cheeks. Telling me a story about Hoovers gallbladder surgery has nothing to do with my fucking issue, the whole reason you are answering the phone. 

Sorry if I'm being selfish, but when I called in, I was expecting someone to tell me everything will be ok, and that I shouldn't kill myself, that I might want to seek help or call someone local to come hang out with me while I'm feeling like this. I was not expecting my father, who was raised in the 50's, on the other end of the line. 

You, sir, made me feel shittier then I had prior to calling. Telling me my wife is most likely happier with the new guy, and that I should just give up all hope of being with her since she found a new guy to have kids with, yeah, really fucking helped me!"
[removed]
"I watched this movie, hellothankyoumoreplease, where the main character Sam has this best friend, Ann. Ann relapses and sleeps with her ex-boyfriend who is dating some new girl. She is pretty upset and goes to her friend Sam's house where he listens to her, cracks a few jokes and just makes her feel like she is still a good person. (This is a minor part of the movie, so it's not spoiled if you planned on watching it.)

I hear about everyone's best friends. How they do these things for them like talk them out of buying expensive stamp sets and then make them one as a gift to give to them. Or how they carry you over puddles when you're not wearing the right shoes. Or how they just are always there in the good times and bad.

I had what I thought was a best friend once. I did everything I could for her and I tried not to ask much in return. Then my parents got a divorce. They would call me and tell me how terrible everything was. How bad they felt about it, how guilty they felt and how they couldn't sleep. I comforted them the best I could. They told me I was the best son any one could have. It started becoming hard to comfort the crying parent on the other end but I had to keep it together for their sake. I needed some help with the whole situation myself. I tried to talk to her about it. She told me that I should just suck it up. I should just pretend to be happy so I could hang out with the people who loved and cared about me, my real friends. This crushed me. After a few months of hearing this I told her I didn't want to be her friend anymore.

I've had a few girlfriends. They have all cheated on me except my current girlfriend. She told me it is my fault everyone cheated on me. She said I'm disconnected and I make everyone feel like it wouldn't matter if they get with another guy. She says I don't make her feel special. She tries to be sweet to me but I guess it just doesn't make me feel loved the way that it should. I've tried to talk to her about things but she said she didn't want to hear about it. It was the last time I tried to open up to anyone. This was a couple years ago.

She called me almost 200 times while I watched the movie with my mom and little sister. When I called her back after the movie she was crying. She said she thought I was dead. I reassured her that I wasn't dead and she went to bed. I was feeling unbelievably melancholy after seeing the movie. I needed someone to talk to but I had nobody to call.

Every time I start to make a new friend it makes her sad. She thinks any girl who is nice to me wants to date me. I have to reassure her that this isn't the case and that even if it were the case I don't want to date _anyone_. I make a terrible boyfriend and I don't want to risk damaging any friendships. They usually don't last because I feel bad for hanging out with them so I stop.

I don't really want to try anymore. It has always lead to more sadness and hurt. The happy never outweighs the sad. As I get older people seem to care less. I'm so tired of letting everyone down. I wish I could die, but I don't have the ambition to go through with anything. I sold my car to my friend but I don't know what I would do with my dog or mortgage. I don't want my parents to have to worry about that stuff. They have enough problems.

I just wish I knew what was wrong with me that prevents me from having just one good friend to share things with. I wish I knew how to share things with someone without feeling sheepish and stupid. I wish I knew why I feel that way. I wish I knew why I'm unable to feel cared about. I wish more than anything that I could feel cared about and have a best friend. 

This makes me feel selfish. I don't think I'll ever have a friend until I stop wanting one but I don't know how to stop feeling this way to stop needing one.

Thanks for reading this. It's getting so hard to keep these feelings in. I hope you have a good day."
"* I can't seem to do well in school (show up to class, do work, turn it in if I do it, keep appointments)

* I wake up every morning wishing I hadn't.

* I can't seem to get out of bed most days and have no appetite

The only things stopping me are:

* I went a year ago, and I don't want to feel like a failure who made no progress. And last time I went I was about to kill myself, and I am not at that point right now, but I feel like I might get there in 2-3 weeks.

* I go away to school, and have a lot of problems with my family. I'm afraid that if I went I would have to live with them again, and it is an environment that is detrimental to my health (therapists, social workers, and the hospital told me this, and this is why I transferred away from a commuter school).

* I know they're going to drug test me, and I'm afraid that if my parents find out I went they'll drug test me too, and I've been smoking pot (definitely self-medicating...) and I'm afraid they will stop paying for my housing/living/medical expenses if they find out I've been smoking. (While I don't think smoking is bad/wrong necessarily, I realize the way I've been doing it isn't healthy.)

* I'm afraid of becoming someone who is just in and out of mental hospitals and cannot take care of herself. I want to finish college and go to graduate school and get a job, not become the insane person of my family. I'm scared I will just get used to being in the hospital and have to be institutionalized forever.

What do I do?
I don't want to keep fucking up my classes for a whole year, but I don't want to go back to living at home. Which is worse?"
"I have no money. No friends. No life. I go to work. I go home. I do chores and get bitched at. We put the baby to bed and I'm to tired to do much else. Frankly, when I think about ending it all, I wonder what in the hell I'd be ending. I'm a zombie. I just want to take what little money we do have, all of it earmarked for bills. Buy an shiton of weed and hole up in a hotel. I doubt there is anything I can do outside of just killing myself to get out of this. I just don't want to fuck up my little boy.

UPDATE: Seeking other help. Thank you."
"(Reposted from AMA, I didn't know this subreddit existed.)

I really don't know how my life fell down the toilet quite so far but I feel trapped and lonely.

I'm in my late 30's. Have a ""partner"" and a 18 month old child. I love my child more than anything in the world, but I cann't stand my partner anymore due to their severe depression and complete unwillingness to try to do anything about it (wont consider councelling, medication, anything). My life consists of trying desperately to please my partner, constantly failing and being made to feel like an abject failure for it. What few freinds I ever had seem to have blown away in the wind (in part because they don't like my partner, I suspect) and I never have a chance to get out and see anyone else anyway because part of my partners depression is a vampiric need to be with me at all times, even as they push me away verbally. Going out, even for a short period, triggers the depression and it's just worse when I get back.

Haven't had any form of intimacy or love since during the pregnancy. Nada.

I hate my job. Utterly. I go to work to get away from home and I go home to get away from work.

We're in serious financial trouble, and my partner has been asked to reduce their hours at their job, which is going to make affording our mortgage even worse. So much so that we may lose the house, and because the housing market has slumped so much recently, we couldn't possibly recover as much as we still owe, so would be left with no house AND a reasonably large debt still to service ($40k?). Even if we could keep the house it's in need of a lot of money being spent on it, money we couldn't afford even before my partners hours were cut.

What do I do? Stay where I am and be miserable and most likely homeless, or leave my partner, which means tearing my child's life in two, still having to force sell the house so my partner and I both end up with massive debts and no property, and I'm a middle aged divorcee with no house, not much money, a massive debt and child support payments for a child I'll probably not get to see much. Doesn't sound like much of a life either way.

But you know what, I'm worth heaps dead. As long as it looks like an accident, my partner gets a massive payout if I die. They can pay off the house, or take the loss in a sale but still be able to afford a new, better one and be able to raise my child without all that hanging over their head. And my child is young enough that it's not likely to be very traumatic. They'll ask for me for a while but it wont take long before that fades.

Stress is killing me anyway. I am unhap[py all the time and am sick of lying to everyone that things are OK. I'm sick of waking up and hoping it'll be a ""good"" day (vis a vis my partnera state of mind) but knowing that it in all liklihood wont be. I'm sick of feeling like I am a failure in providing for my family, in doing my job ok, in having friends, in being a productive member of society. I'm sick of worrying about everything all the time and of going off to the bathroom at work to cry. I have no energy. No spark left. The only thing that gives me joy is my child and I love it more than anything but it's frankly probably better off without me. As it is my child is probably growing up to think that parents screaming at each other is normal so is probably already beginning to develop a badly fucked-up sense of how relationships work.

So, that's my shitty life in a nutshell. Don't ask me how, or when because I honestly don't know. Probably I'll just fail like I do at everything else in my life. I'm about as worthless as a human being can be, I reckon.

--

EDIT: This is really fucking hard for me because I'm quite a rational person usually (rational enough that I know suicide is absolutely fucking stupid and selfish) but of course my emotional brain is beating up my logical one and making it its bitch.

You've all made good arguments and it's helped make my logical side sit up and think. This is what I needed.

Thank you. It's helped. It turns out my work has what's called an ""Employee Assistance Program"" where I can anonymously get councelling and although my work will pay for it, they don't even know which employee has used it, at least for the first three sessions.

So, I have called them and made an appointment. I wont talk to my partner about it at this stage, that would just cause more grief, but maybe they can help put things into perspective, give me some coping strategies, and help me work out what I need to do in the long run.

Thanks again, everyone. I really appreciate it and on behalf of my daughter, thanks also. I'm not out of the woods yet (not by a long shot) but I feel a little stronger and am ready to seek some professional assistance now. Thank you, thank you."
"Nothing bring me joy anymore, I can't even do the things I enjoyed in the past and I'm just too old to start everything over again. I did try to get better once, I was in therapy and all but I don't feel like I have enough energy to do it again. Enough with this daily routine of feeling miserable everyday while having to look for job at the same time. I'm just 30 and I feel as if I was 90 years old. I had a few things holding me back but now all hope is lost. I don't think anyone could understand the feeling you get when you feel you are creating a void around you, because that's the only way you've ever lived. I want to have friend but instead I'm getting lonelier every year. I will just try another stupid shit to maybe get a new job and if nothing work then goodbye cruel world. Anyway, nobody wants to be friend with someone who's depressed and I've wasted all my chances of getting a good life."
"I went and prepared a suicide plan on Saturday by procuring what I needed to do it.  I posted a suicide note on Myspace then too.

My girlfriend of two years broke up with me abruptly a week and a half ago.  I thought we were going to get married.

She just now told me that she had sex with my friend shortly after breaking up with me and this week end.  She says she is maybe pregnant and it could be either of ours.


I've been severely depressed for years.  I think I'm in shock. I don't know what to do.

We live together. 

edit: can't eat or sleep thinking about checking into a psych ward. 

PS I'll edit this to include more info."
See post [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/azwu6/hi_reddit_sorry_for_the_wall_of_text_but_i_am/).
"hey SW... I am sorry to have kept quiet on this account for so long. I came to you guys 3 months ago regarding a kind of paralysis. well, i managed a handful of Bs and *gasp!* an A. things are smoother this semester academic wise though that end of sem exam rush hasn't hit yet - heads up for April xD but I hope i can be mature enough this time round. 

now the not so rosy pic: 

**the following is going to sound like it's been ripped out of a Bollywood soap-opera or movie.** 

My religion - a very non-commital hindu. Please excuse this but i really have no where else to go :(. 

yesterday, it kind of relapsed all over again but not because of grades or anything. i came home after studying for 4  hours straight in the safety of my school's study rooms - very pleased with myself - yay!! DSP finally under some form of control! So i come home and i do the normal things, go on the internet for some redditing and such. Go out to eat dinner and then my parents start. Some long-winded talk about buying plane tickets (to india), money, education and all that. And my mother started arguing with my father about his job and lack of pay. It's fairly common in most Indian households (gross generalization... but it happens in all my friends' houses too)

yes. i get it. we are not in abject poverty but we are not loaded either. i just don't want the same circular argument that leads nowhere. i am working my ass off in school so i can get out of this but if everyday is going to be the same broken record, this is going to continue even after i graduate and get a job. i have put up with their arguments and fighting ever since i was 7 years old. i am tired. enough already. i detest crying but i seem to be doing that more and more often lately.  hell is my family. i am so happy at school. i don't even care if people like me or not but i am happy. Now my parents are saying that i have a 10.30 curfew. I am 22 and i live in singapore for frak's sake. 

If my life is going to be listening to my parents argue for the next 10 years, like i've done so for the past 15 years, then i don't really want to continue. what future is there for me to look forward to? What is the point? I am planning to move out after I graduate but what if i don't get a job? what if something happens to me or my parents and i am stuck with them forever? 

Now, I know i am not a looker or anything like that but if my dad wants, he can stage some elaborate play to get me married off or something - it is his status he is worried about. i am speculating about a future that is not even likely and i want it to stop. just stop.


I'm going to school now - will be back in 10 to 12 hrs' time. "
"I'm not depresed or anything. I just can't continue to live in this world of stupidity. Stupid people stupid things it's all stupid!

Fuck you world."
So I suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder and always wanted to interact with people who suffered from the same. I made [**/r/diagnosed**](http://www.reddit.com/r/diagnosed) for people who have been diagnosed with a mental illness and would like to talk to people who suffer from the same.
"This is not my real account. 

This semester i took 4 AP classes and ended up getting a 2.83 UW GPA. This would mean I can no longer do sports (parents require a 3.0 to do so). I will be kicked off of NHS and CSF (they both require a 3.0 GPA for membership). SO basically .. i have no chance of getting into a decent school since my academics are a bust and i won't have any extracurriculars.  I know it's silly to freak out now but I really think getting into a decent college is the foundation of my adult life. All in all, I feel like everything is over... "
"I've been suicidal since... about 11 years old?  I've been depressed most of my life from what I can remember.  I've never actually attempted suicide, but lately it feels like I'm getting closer and closer to actually doing something.

I've had vivid thoughts of hanging myself from the tree in the back yard, as well as trying to find some chemical way to kill myself.  

This has been going on so long that I consider it ""normal"" for me.  I've basically had serious suicidal thoughts my entire adult life.  I don't have great coping skills.

I'm currently 34 years old, and I've been unemployed for nearly a year now.  The family environment is getting more and more stressful as the financial situation gets worse, and that's making me more and more hopeless.

I really just don't know what to do anymore.  I don't really see anything making me ""happy"" anytime soon.  I've just tried to minimize pain, which doesn't work as a long term strategy.  

I've been trying to find another job, but I hate being a programmer.  But I don't know what else to do with my life.  There's nothing I really love.  I don't enjoy the company of my wife, and I can tolerate my kids on a good day.

I just feel empty inside, and I've never had any real joy in my life since I was a kid.  Most of my adult life has been obligation and stress, and there's really nothing I can think of that I enjoy doing that would get me out of bed in the morning.

I just don't know what to do.  I'm miserable now, and I'm going to grow old being miserable, and more miserable that I wasted my life being miserable.  I just don't know how to get out of this.  "
"and I'm beginning to think everyone else in my life does too. Whether it's the overt hate or the deep-seeded passive-aggressive type. I can't really tell and I'm getting tired of trying to. I have chronic thoughts of ending it but I tend to be too much of a pussy go through with it. Thanks to recent developments in my life, however, I am rapidly reaching the false sense of courage I need. I can't live with myself anymore. I can't. I hate myself. HATE........ Thanks for listening. That is all.... Please don't comment, I just needed to type this."
"(Long-time reddit contributor - throwaway account)

I am of the position that people have a right to end their lives.  

I have suffered form depression for as long as I can remember having rational thoughts.  I have had serious thoughts of suicide periodically for about 7 years, but always thought I would hold out until my parents died, simply because I wouldn't want to put anyone through the pain of losing a child.  At this point, I'm not sure if I can hold out much longer...

At times I have thought that suicide is selfish, and perhaps ""taking the easy way out.""  I lost a friend to suicide a couple of years ago, and I know how unfair it feels to lose someone in that manner.  At this point though, it seems selfish and unfair to ask someone (me) to live through such suffering.  I don't wish pain on anyone that I love, but I feel I have reached my tolerance for carrying the burden of life.  I think I have a right to die.  

I am not going to kill myself tonight or tomorrow, or anytime in the immediate future.  I hope to plan carefully, put in my two weeks at work, tie up lose ends, etc.   

I'm not posting for support, or to talk about myself, I am just curious if others feel that we all have the right to end our lives so as to alleviate acute suffering.    "
"Hey, folks. It's been about a week (maybe around two, I can't quite recall), and I just thought I'd write to inform you that while I'm in a bummed mood right now, I'm feeling a lot better than I was when I was considering cutting myself.

I got a call earlier this week, and I'm now employed at the gas station. I go in tomorrow to figure out when I start working and all that.

Also, earlier in the week, I started flirting with a girl that I've known for a few months who is recently single. She seemed pretty receptive, but tonight, she ended up shooting me down because that's just how the world works. It probably didn't help that in the time we've known each other, I did bring up my exes a lot. I've resolved not to do that again in the future because it seems to scare a lot of girls away.

Common sense type of thing, but it took me a while to finally grasp it.

Anyway, yeah, just thought I'd update you."
"In thinking about writing this, there are paragraphs to be written, but in having the submission page now open, it's so much more difficult. 

I'm twenty-four years old, I'm living at home (yes, in the basement), I don't have a degree (I'll get to that, maybe) but I do have a somewhat legitimate job. 

I've also never been in a relationship (shocking, I'm sure) and have had very few legitimate friends...and in all actuality, not a single real friend before I was at least 17, maybe as old as 20.

I'm fairly intelligent (with an IQ in the low-to-mid 150s) and I do enjoy learning. My grades in high school did not reflect this, but the teachers I had -- the competent ones at least -- saw my potential. 

I went to community college for my first year after graduation  but then wandered halfway across the country in a shortsighted attempt at wanderlust on a random campus. Naivety... Lack of social skills... There's any number of reasons as to 'why,' but it didn't go well. And after three years I gave in and asked my family for help and moved back home. 

After about a year (which included going to a shrink that diagnosed me bipolar... something I think incorrect), I nearly killed myself. In that I mean that I took way too much of my mix of medications and according to the doctor at the hospital, if my mother had no come home early from her Friday night dinner, my kidneys would have failed and I likely would have died. 

Now I hold a simple hourly job working in an office, but doing something that does some good the in world (trying not to be too specific here, even on a throwaway account). It helps me get by some because I'm doing good and not just working food service or something, but the banality of my work kills me on the inside more and more. 

Sometimes I would like to be learning again (institutionally so) and doing more, but it seems like a futile gesture. 

I don't see the point, though. And beyond that, I don't know where to start. 

I've always described myself as being torn asunder and missing half of my being, even before I realized any of this -- even as early as ten years ago+. I possess no life skills and seemingly lack the ability to learn them when prompted. All brain, no... brain. 

Asperger's with a healthy mix of PTSD (from an incident in college). 

I've lost my train of thought and can't really pick it back up it seems.

The loneliness is the toughest part. That and knowing what's wrong and lacking the ability to fix things. 

I've tried. I've tried for a very long time. But when I don't know where to actually start, it just... I don't know. 

I've hurt too many people without meaning too because I'm hypersensitive and because I can't hold a normal conversation -- not that I can even comprehend of what that consists. 

I don't even know that I understand my reason in posting this here. Maybe I just want someone else to see. Maybe I just want myself to come to total acceptance of the facts. 

All I know is that I'm too disjointed at this point. I can be a very good writer and I've lost that tonight. So I'm going to enter the little Captcha and hit 'submit.'"
"My life has changed dramatically, and I am letting go of so much. I lost my girlfriend, I have no work, and I am sleeping on a couch. I sometimes feel like dying, and what gets me through is directing my attention. I have larger goals, but in order to even put one foot in front of the other, I have to maintain a positive focus and attitude. I believe that meditation will help me keep my attention on healthy thoughts and emotions."
"I'm sorry if this is terribly long but I've already not posted this like fifteen times because of length so FUCK IT.  If you care, you'll read it.  I have to reach out.  Something has to give.

23/F/USA.  Going to group therapy twice a week.  Meds fuck up my body.  Relaxation techniques don't really work.

I feel like I am constantly having to either fight for my right to be myself, or constantly denying my real self so I can be something that pleases others.  A LOT of people do not like me.  I think because I'm a complete fucking doormat.  I was treated like shit at such an early age by so many people that I just want to do whatever it is they want so they will STFU, therefore making me a doormat with no genuine sense of self.  I don't do anything to ask for it.  I just mind my own business and I'm a loner.  I'm so fucking confused anymore I don't know who I am or what I believe or what is even real.  I think I have a painfully scientific and utilitarian view on life.  I'm constantly questioning everything.  I mean EVERYTHING.

I try to vent by talking to people but most people just don't want to hear it, and with the ones that will listen I feel bad cause they always have to put up with my shit.  All talking does is rile me up anyway.  I try to vent by writing, but I am quite honestly horrified by the shit that comes out.  Same with drawing, painting.  Whatever.  I tried drugs, legal and illegal but they don't help either.  They in fact made it worse.

Inside, I am one dark motherfucker.  I'm afraid to talk about it, especially online, for fear of what might happen to me.  I have told very few people about my dark thoughts.  What I will say is that when Columbine happened, I was fucking glad that someone who constantly got bullied finally did something about it, got some revenge.  I thought, ""Those bullies totally fucking deserved every minute of that.""  I WISHED I had the balls to do what they did, but I just don't.  I'm not sure if I even want to hurt people or not, but I'm more inclined to NOT want to hurt anyone, including myself.  At least not yet.   And THAT is what worries me.  I worry about the possibility that one day I will stop caring about the welfare of others and just snap.  I'm calm like a bomb.

I was in the hospital a few hours ago for the chest pains and my husband starting spinning the wheel of the hospital bed with his foot, and I instantly snapped at him.  In a split second I was taken back to that time in grade school when a kid used to sit behind me and kick my chair EVERYDAY in math class.  I could practically see the blackboard.  People have been fucking with me like this since I was about 5 and I don't know what I did to deserve it.  I think I'm just a doormat that everyone hates.  I get it from peers, teachers, my dad, other family members, other supposedly ""trustable"" people.

I JUST WANT TO LIVE MY LIFE.

I'm tired of apologizing for shit that I shouldn't.  I'm tired of being a doormat.  I'm tired of everyone hating me for bullshit reasons.   But I don't know what to do.   I'm not a bad person.  I'm not a bully.  I think making fun of/bullying others is inherently wrong and always have, and I don't participate in those kinds of activities.  I am extremely disappointed in myself, my family, and humanity.  I've just drawn a really bad hand I think, and I'm tired of it.  I'm so angry I can hardly think anymore.  I want to break everything in the house, but then I'd have to clean it up.

I feel like it is only a matter of time before I snap and hurt myself, or someone else.  I feel like there is a countdown over my head and I don't know how much time is left, but pretty soon, I'm just going to lose it, and shit is going to get real ugly, real fast.  I don't even know what I would do, I just know that one day, if something doesn't change soon, I am going to explode in a very messy way.

Anyone want to tackle this?"
"My GF was a stupid psychotic alcoholic that told me lies.  I can't believe I almost killed myself about it.  I lost over fifteen pounds in two and a half weeks. I have a bruise on my face from crying.  



Things are looking good and I'm getting myself into better shape in every way possible.  I feel relieved that she is gone now that it is all sorted out. 


********************************


If your reality is not working for you, just pick another one.  If you are depressed enough to kill yourself then you are invincible.  Call someone up and tell them what you really think of them.  Wanting to kill yourself just means its time to kill parts of yourself that you don't need.  It just means its a time to make big changes. 




Take 2000  IUs of vitamin D daily.  Exercise.  Walk so far that your feet hurt so bad that you can't think of anything else then turn around and walk home.  Your desperation to stay alive might amaze you.  



There are no answers except for that you are the most important person in your life and you need to get anyone who is making you feel that way the fuck out of your life.  You have opinions and ideas that matter.  



Thanks to everyone who responded to my original posts. "
[removed]
"[This post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/b1zt2/im_done_with_everything_im_killing_myself_tonight/) wasn't up for long.  I do hope this person has changed their mind. However, it might still be a good time to come back and talk about things. "
"i hope it's not inappropriate for me to post here. i've struggled all evening with trying to get up the nerve to call a crisis hotline. i never do end up calling, partly because i get anxiety from talking on the phone. i was looking for anonymous suicide chat and this was the closest i found. if it is wrong to create an account just for this, i apologize, and can delete. just let me know.

i have diagnoses (cptsd, depression, social anxiety) and a therapist and a psychiatrist. i've been going to therapy for ten years, twice a week for the last five. i've tried to kill myself various times and been in the hospital, though not since 2005. i'm familiar with resources, coping methods, mindfulness, self-care, the list goes on and on. but my depression is virulent, and i just keep coming back to this place.

i know a lot of people say they were glad they failed in a suicide attempt. i'm not glad. i suffer from a lack of nerve. i have a new method in mind and have access to the tools i need, and i have no idea if it would work, but it has a good chance. a good enough chance that i probably won't attempt it. i hate myself for not being able to die. i hate myself for so many reasons.

i'm just so tired of this. i don't want to hurt my loved ones. but i keep coming back to this place. i don't even have a good reason for wanting to die. i got in a fight with my significant other, lost all dignity, cried, but this happens a lot, we're both trauma survivors. we always talk through it eventually. but it's still shameful and painful.

i wish i could get more nerve. i wish it with all of my heart, and at the same time i worry that i will. i know that my situation is not uncommon. i know that i am not special, that everyone goes through this. (or many people.) i hate myself and i know that is not unique either. i know that i don't really want to die, i just want less pain. but i've tried everything for so long, the pain doesn't stop.

i live in a first-world country. i use up so many resources just by being alive, resources that others deserve. i feel like such a waste. i can't hold down a job, i'm on disability. it never changes. i have such severe social anxiety that i can't normally handle the interaction necessary to buy something in a store. i'm sure so many people would agree with me that my life is a waste.

i'm not sure what sort of response i want or if i want one. i guess i just needed to say this where people i know won't see it. i guess i just needed someone to know i'm closer to dying than i've been in a long time."
"Right now I'm not suicidal, but my entire life I've been on and off anti-depressants and in and out of therapy, and it's never helped enough that I don't end up feeling so tired of life. I'm scared that one day in my thirties or something, I'll just be overwhelmed by life and kill myself.

I don't have friends, and when I do it doesn't help much. That said, I wouldn't argue with some. I just lost my girlfriend, and yes that's playing a huge roll in my current wave of depression.

I don't think I have time for therapy or antidepressant. I don't think I'd stick with it. Is there any sort of short-term option? Would hospitalization be too radical?

I also have a huge HUGE self-loathing problem. I think I'm a failure in everything I do. I don't really want to say too much about it, but it is a huge problem. ""Don't be hard on yourself"" does not even begin to help.

I've been told time heals all wounds, that's just life, etc. I've been told that I don't need friends or to get off my ass and make friends. And I've had people act like an asshole but insist that they're helping me by being honest. And the ""Do whatever your want with life!"" argument doesn't help because I can't find anything worth while to do. I've already made a huge change in my life, which I won't specify because I've mentioned it elsewhere on reddit on my real account, and I still feel miserable. 

If you have some new way of phrasing this advice fine, but I think what I need is more a step by step thing, not vague proverbs and stuff because for the most part I think I've heard whatever angle you'd be coming from. By all means, reply with it anyway, I'm more than grateful for any advice I get."
" Not sure where to begin so I will just start i guess... I was told to try to seek some relief here by a fellow redditor who claims to be a psychologist. To begin, I am on disability from seizures from a car wreck, though they are mild and rare now but still many people do not wish to employ an epileptic. I have social security checks so maybe I should not complain, and besides this is the least of my worries. coming on a year and nine months, after not being allowed to see my two oldest sons, I found out their mother was abusing them, and allowing them to be abused by their uncle and her boyfriend, who lived in her shed at the time. What brought it to my attention was the fact that my oldest, 7, suddenly tried to undo my belt. When I asked him why he said the two men enjoyed it, so.. not wanting to drag anything, I let him over the next half hour admit they hurt his mouth. Also, upon examining his buttocks, he had no anal damage but had massive bruises... I tell you, I still today feel rage and have wrong thoughts, but my life is my children, and I must be an example for them. I was engaged to the most wonderful woman at the time, who convinced me to take care of this situation, so I did. I called the ex wife, told her I was keeping the children and why. I filed court papers for custody, restraining orders, dissolution of the divorce decree etc.. I may have seizures and be on disability but I know how to research and write well when i want to. In court, drug out for months, eventually the judge wanted them in state custody for an investigation, and this is where my nightmare began. My wife, angry at me, decided to tell the court I was a psychotic and a drug addict, anything to prevent me from gaining custody and not admitting guilt. Eventually BTW, the boyfriend was convicted for the third time of sexual assault, though this time he made the mistake of raping a minor child of twelve years of age. Here, in my state, this is a rather serious crime. He has received twenty years to life in prison. The ex, plead guilty to misdemeanor child neglect. BUT THE STATE STILL HAS MY TWO BOYS! During all of this, I married the woman of my dreams. But the state told her they wanted custody of our baby she was pregnant with, so she decided to go home to her mothers. I am stuck... I cannot seek help, though I feel as if I have been taking the next step for years... How many more can I take? I have even had the strange thought of even if death is only what is before birth, nothing, that is peace. Then I think of my children. I will be ok or even kind of happy one minute, then start crying the next. I cannot sleep well, I have started drinking rather heavily. I see my two oldest maybe once a month, and my youngest who is four months, at most once a week because he is out of state to protect him. I am using my regular account because in some ways I feel no shame for asking for at least some help, but honestly I am not sure if I can move on from this. I am already someone who avoids social situations, I have recently moved towns to have a nice place to live for the state since they did not like my old one, but that leaves me with no friends and am not able to easily make them at all... What do I do to get this monkey off my shoulders? How do I move on, or at least take some weight off? Im being crushed!"
"I think I'm gonna go into a hospital. I'm in the UK but if you're not then I'd still appreciate advice. I don't know what I'm supposed to do now that I've decided. Do I just go there? Do I call 999 (911) and tell them ahead of time or get picked up? Most importantly, how do I tell my parents?"
"I was on medication (Paxil) for a long time and it did help me especially with social anxiety and generalized anxiety disorder. Add a good mix of depression caused by the fact that my anxiety in every social situation was causing me to loose any hope of getting anything else than a shitty job and it created the mess I was going through. I'm a fool because I stopped taking it while I was working as a graphic designer. For sure my life was far from perfect and I hated my daily routine but at least, I didn't have any panic attack anymore so  I just slowly stopped taking it. Nothing strange happened at first, but I just fell back onto depression and anxiety just when I was about to break the cycle of my boring daily routine. Now, I hate myself, I think I already talked about what happened in August in my older posts. I was excited because I was finally going into a new project and I was passionate about it. Anyway, my old fears and anxiety just stopped me from doing anything and that's why I think I'm a fool. Why did I stop taking SSRI simply because I thought I was doing well? Maybe sometime it's something you need to take like insulin? I'll just swallow my pride and I'll see a doctor next friday (already took an apointment). For sure there are things which I hated about Paxil, like the way it was killing emotions and the fact I was gaining weight but I'll just discuss those two things with my doctor. Just trying to get to back to normal because I still want to get that degree, I'm still passionate about the kind of work I wanted to do, it's just that depression is hanging like a black cloud.

I just realized recently that maybe I wouldn't be able to overcome it without medication. I was discussing with my therapist and he was like ""what are you waiting for, don't wait anymore if you need medication, you could be enjoying life and continue your projects if you weren't depressed""."
"This is hopefully a message of hope... My mantra was always ""It's a disease that I can be cured."" It saved my life.

Going through school was tough for me, I was different to everyone else. I just didn't understand the social rules... say this, don't say that, if you do that you're a loser etc. Naturally I was a target, and it. went. Deep.

At the time my dad was in the pitts too, he had chronic pain and at one point described it like ""having my leg sawed off with a rusty blade."" Naturally he wanted to neck himself too. My sister was struggling with school and my mum was struggling to hold the family together.

I went to school in a tall office building and I always wondered about jumping out one of the window. I didn't want to die though, but I wished fervently that I was never alive.

Luckily I was an intelligent individual. At the back of my mind, I always knew it was a disease, much like epilepsy, Alzheimers or any other neurological abnormality was a disease. Luckily I always knew in the back of my head that it was curable. I split myself from the environment that was so evil to me, and I slowly improved. I later went back to school, and at one point I was scared of having a relapse, but I pulled through. I started realising I was put in situations that would have previously had me going to a corner, crying and wanting to be dead, and pwning the situation.

I am much stronger now. Much like working your muscles makes you physically strong, going through mental ordeals makes you mentally strong too. Although I wish i never went through that, I'm thankful for what it has made me today.

Good luck and God/Allah/Buddha/FSM/Shiva speed. "
Have been looking at the costs of a funeral and the like today and I realized that the best time to do this will be right after I file our taxes so my wife will have $$$$ for the burial expenses - I don't want much - cremate then throw ashes in the ground somewhere.  Have about a month to make a final decision and preparations.  Is it wrong that I feel better inside feeling like the date is approaching soon?  Hell I will probably wimp out anyways. I hate this - 
"I just wanted to I guess, express my feels and take in some advice. I don't know if I have a real reason posting here.

I've been dealing with depression for many years now roughly fourteen years now.
I've seen doctors, however never took any meds, I know it’s very narrow minded of me, but I do not like the effects of them, as I've seen firsthand.

Thoughts of suicide always would run in my head daily no matter what, it's something I'm not going to do right now but down the road. I couldn't do this to my mother’s having her have to bury her son; it isn't fair to her at all.

I swap between highs and lows like a switch, I can be high for x amount of days and hit a low points that will last for months or years.
As years have passed I've pretty much withdrew myself from social situations, always been monitoring my own internal reactions as well of those who I was interacting with.
I have done many things to try to help myself, working out, changing my diet, none of it worked.
I believe some can be saved, while others cannot be. I doubt I can take much more living like this, as time passes my condition gets worsens.
I haven't started to plan anything yet, as I said my mother, and I just would want to be able to say goodbye to loved ones.

I guess, I would just like some feedback, and maybe spark some conversation with some readers out there.

Cheers
"
"I am 24. Last time I worked was when I was 20. I worked from when I was 17-20. Then broke down, dropped out of school, and became reclusive. I was diagnosed as bipolar/adhd at 13, stopped treatment at 16. I can tell you that I am 100 percent borderline, not adhd or add at all, and have symptoms of bipolar, but as time has shown I am borderline as can be. 

The last 4 years of my life I have spent mostly sitting in this room. I have built relationships with people, but they are superficial, built on lies, or built on selfishness. I have destroyed all of these relationships. I could tell you how and when they would end from the beginning.

I need to get out of here. I need privacy. I live with my aging parents. I sit in this room for days, waking up at 8pm, taking tylenol pm to go back to sleep. I am unable to find a job that would please me. I have been considering disability due to mental illness. I have read that it is around 800/month. This would be enough for me to live on right now until I can get out of this funk. 

I am looking for information or information from others that have received social security.

"
"I didn't want to do anything. I didn't want to move. I just wanted to lie in bed and sleep. Then my mother came in, demanding I get up, and took my covers. I suddenly went from nothing to exploding. I slammed my fist into the wall several times, and started screaming over and over, until it broke down into sobbing. 

I'm a high school senior, I've recently been diagnosed with depression, I take 10mg of Lexapro daily for about a month now. 

At first, I thought it was working, but in the last week or so, the relief I felt is gone. 

This morning was the worst episode like that that I've ever had. After that, I just went to bed. Slept till 4pm. When I woke up I was too embarrassed to show my face till 8. 

I think we're going to go see a counselor tomorrow or something. 

That's all. "
"Hi SW.

I'm just wondering if there is a free therapist or something I can go to?
I live in the US, in a large city.

I've never been diagnosed with any kind of mental illness, but partially just because because I've never brought it up to anyone outside of my family. I don't know if I even have a problem or anything and so I don't want medication. I've never tried to kill myself and I'm not contemplating that right now, but sometimes the only things holding me back were fear (of further pain, of the unknown) and guilt- I didn't want to put my family through that.
I don't know how much I need to say... basically I just want someone to talk to. I'm unable to do so with anyone who I know or am actually close to, so I would prefer a stranger.
Sometimes I talk to people online, but it's hard to find any kind of consistency and I don't want to be a burden to someone who didn't really sign up for being a therapist in the first place, even if they did hand me contact information.

I've been thinking about calling suicide hotline, but I'm afraid that also lacks the kind of consistency that therapy might provide. I just can't afford the latter."
"I know the knot all to well, the spot, the time of day, the way. I have no urge to act on these thoughts, but the fact they have manifested in me makes me scared. How do I have such conflict that I am sure about how I would do it as much as I know I would not do it? "
"I'm tired of pretending I'm okay

I'm a stupid loser. No one at uni likes me. No one will ever like me and I'll never have irl friends.

All I want is to be normal, but that will never happen.

I just want to die now."
"Turns out in England, one really does not just walk into a hospital. I got referred to a crisis team and they pay me house visits. I have a psychiatrist appointment on Tuesday.

I do not feel comfortable in general. I don't know if I'm suicidal or how close or far I am, just that I am really really miserable and have suicidal thoughts.

I've told them how I feel and all that, and they don't seem too concerned, and I feel like I'm wasting their time. I feel like I'm faking my depression just for the sake of it and that I'm making it worse than it is just so it's significant. But when I'm happy I feel guilty for feeling happy. 

I don't know what I'm supposed to do."
"Its not pointless and you weren't wasting my time at all as you say. 

We were just getting started and getting somewhere. I'm *not* going to forget about you. But it is up to you to come back, although I'll be on the lookout.

There's work to be done on the specific things you want to accomplish. It is not necessarily fun and interesting, but it will get you to where you want to go. Give it a chance.

"
"From the time I was 10 I noticed people don't listen to what I had to say, not just my family, it has been friends and co-workers. But I would let it roll off and go on my merry way. 
Seems like as I have gotten older I have noticed it more to the point its hard to brush it off. And it's getting to where I don't even talk to people, or if someone ask for a suggestion I say I'm not sure. Just so I can avoid a conversation.  
I have even tried to talk to my parents about it and how I feel, and have been met with a dumb founded look.  I won't lie, suicide has crossed my mind a few times. 
Have you had similar things happen? 

**Edit: I want to thank all of you for your replies, and words of wisdom. I have an appointment next week to talk with a therapist.**"
"I'd really like to talk to someone about my depression. Therapy isn't an option. I'm just a poor college dropout living with her boyfriend. Suicide hotlines, although Ive considered them, aren't really a good idea either. Talking on the phone gives me anxiety attacks. I just need someone consistent to talk to, you know? 

My boyfriend of 3.5 years is currently sleeping - although he'd probably tell me the usual of the ""If you're going to do it, move back home with your parents, so I don't have to deal with it."" or ""Stop acting like a 14 year old emo."" Not that he doesn't love me or anything, I know he does. He just gets really frustrated when I try to talk about my depression with him, he feels he cant do anything about it.

I just need advice on how I can bring it up and talk about it with him. I really want to work through this depression with him, but when he says those things it just pushes me closer to the edge. Please help.

Hopefully this post is coherent. &gt;.&lt; Lack of sleep + 3 am = rambling. =("
"and don't try to talk me out of it like the rest of these fucking whiners.  i'm done.  you people have no idea what the fuck you're talking about.  you've never felt the pain of true mental illness and been surrounded by it your whole fucking life.  you pump people full of bullshit philosophy rooted in nothing and expect people to swallow it whole, like goddamn alcoholics blinding themselves with the twelve step program.  please.  i'm completely unfit for this world, and if you tell me differently, you have no fucking idea what you're talking about.  i have tried everything - CBT, therapy, SSRIs, mindfulness, you name it.  and what's worked?  FUCKING NOTHING.  and you think you'll save people.  get over it.  get over yourselves.  we're all worth nothing, and we're all going to die.  the potential experiences of this world fall far short of the pain we're all going to experience.  fucking wake up.

this is all a coward's call for attention.  call it as you see it.  whatever.  i'm so fucking sick of it.

i really, really, really want to find my roommates gun and just fucking shove it in my mouth.  i've been fantasizing about this for months.  if i only had the courage, i'd do it.  i have no fucking fortitude."
"I'm new here. I'm posting because I don't know who else I can talk to, so a throwaway account and a message tossed into the ether seemed appropriate.

About 2 and a half years ago, I hurt my spine. I won't bore you with the details, but the upshot is simple. Constant pain, ranging from the best days (3 out of 10) to the worst, when I can't breathe without feeling like I'm being stabbed.  The last bad time, I was taking Mersyndol, Codeine, Valium, Tramadol and Jack Daniels all together, just to try to get some sleep. I've since moved up to morphine, thanks doc.


The long and the short of it is this. I'm 40. I can't be cured. I don't want to live like this for another who knows how many years, and if it wasn't for the fact I have two young children I would have ended it all long before now.  I just don't know how much longer I can continue, even with knowing what the suicide of a parent can do to a child. I just feel like it's just a matter of time before I reach that tipping point.  I think about it almost every day. Method and location sorted.

tl;dr.  I'm tired and don't have any hope for the future.

that's all.
"
"I posted here before. I'm feeling marginally better now than then. I don't know if it's winter getting to me or what. I just can't escape the feeling of layer upon layer of patheticness on me.

But here's the thing, I can't stop wondering if relentless optomism isn't really the answer after all. Sometimes I think, there is nothing that can't be solved by just plain not giving up on each other. And that means me too. But, then I get that other voice on the other shoulder saying that that's just stupid.

I don't know what to think anymore. I see people with real problems here besides just loneliness. And then I see others and think, ""pffft you think *that's* bad"". But that's just it. It's just what I'm thinking that's killing me. I can't shed the biggest and worst memes about myself coming from my own attitude.

Lend me a little strength here people."
"Seems like a recent trend to self-delete accounts and self-deleted postings is underway here. reddit won't even let me make a passing comment to _others_ on a deleted thread. 

Please post.  Getting it outside of yourself has proven useful to others.  Your fear to speak your feelings and try to communicate the unspeakable is understood... overcome it.  Don't worry about too short or too long, just start somewhere.

I know waiting for a few hours to get a response or two may seem like a long time - but don't give up."
"So, I am wondering what I should do in this situation.

I have been diagnosed with major depression and etc, I take cymbalta (which has made my life so much better) and go to therapy. I am not suicidal right now by any means, though I have attempted suicide on several occasions. I am in highschool.

However, when I'm constantly told that I'm a worthless person, broken, and am generally horrible, it gets to me. Getting screamed at and told to prostitute myself for money and get the fuck out of their house really takes a toll on me, and I always just apologize and act timid to stay around. So I end up cutting myself which I'd rather not do because I'd prefer to not have scars, but it seems to be the only escapist option I can figure out. I don't want to do drugs anymore. I'd also rather not kill myself, because it is a horrible thing to do and life is fairly awesome, but when I constantly get insulted I impulsively move towards suicide.

My parents figure that because they have a high income, that makes them better people. Therefore, they can say whatever they want because they overcame ""adversity"" in their lives. My therapist has met with my parents, and they put on a wonderful mask when talking to anyone outside of their house. However at home, they are emotionally abusive, and have sometimes hit me and I have had to call the police on them on one occasion.

I get good grades. I am pretty happy. I love my friends, and I try to get physical exercise. I think I'm a good person, I like pets, I like nature, I like music, movies, and literature, my teachers like me, I'm fairly charming and I try to be happy. However, when I'm at home, I'm commonly on the brink of hanging myself because I cannot handle the comments that get directed at me. 

Can you help me please? Am I being delusional and whiny? Do I really not have depression and am I just being an attention whore? Am I a bad person? I need help, and I'm starting to cry while writing this so I'd better go now."
"Hope this isn't against reddiquette, but I think [this person](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/b4m2h/im_not_sure_whats_going_on/) would still like some advice even though he/she deleted the account.
 
&gt;I feel like a normal person. I don't know, I just am tired of it all. I've pretty much always thought about suicide, and that it was a normal thing to think about, but its just overwhelming. I drink too much, I smoke, and even though I've had girlfriends I'm just not happy. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry to involve you."
"In the dream I killed myself, I shot myself in the head with a gun I don't know why I guess I just wanted to or something (I don't think I'm suicidal).. Anyway after I shot myself in the head and was *dead* i thought oh fuck fuck no why did I do that crap I don't want to be dead, and then I was *alive* again. 



I'm not really suicidal and haven't ever really been suicidal since I was 6 or 7 years old (because of religious reasons). But someone I know recently committed suicide and idk, I smoked pot recently and I had a few suicidal thoughts then but I really don't consider myself depressed at all it just seemed like this human life was simliar to a level on a video game or like a dream and when i'd die I would go on to the next ""level"" or dream and that nothing really mattered and life was just a play thing. I don't know, maybe I have some sort of mental illness or something but I don't feel it is threatening enough to interfere with my life or someone elses but its just weird that I killed myself in my dream, anyway don't worry about me I'll be fine, I think but I've just never really had thoughts like that and it kinda creeped me out because in dreams everything seems real and I killed myself in it.



tl;dr I had a dream and killed myself in it and it scared me.

edit: Also I'm not blaming pot on making me thing suicidal thoughts I was just thinking about a lot of weird stuff and ended up thinking about that."
"Hey Suicide Watch,

I've felt suicidal on and off for most of my life. I just don't see any way to stop screwing things up for other people or for myself. I don't always feel like there's no hope, just that I'll always fail at whatever standards I try to hold myself to. I give up almost all my time to help out my ex-girlfriend with her last semester of school, since I'm responsible for a lot of the things she's having problems with, but I always end up cracking under the pressure of having to keep her afloat.

I went to therapy a number of times through the university, but they've all been not as helpful as I would have liked. The last one was the nicest and most helpful out of all of them, but far too much of the session ended up being about trivial and useless stuff...almost banter, even. I can't seem to find a therapist that works out, so I haven't gotten the urge to try again...

I don't see a reason to keep going, reddit. I'm graduating from college in May, but nothing is on the horizon. With nothing to look forward to, and nothing but stress and emotional turmoil, inside and outside of home, what's the point? Things only seem to get worse. "
"First off I am not thinking of killing myself right now, I just have noticed myself slipping down the rabbit hole so to speak.

My two biggest issues are my massive fear of death (The dead part not the dieing part, hence why I wont kill myself) and self-image. The self-image one tends to get to me much more then anything else.

A bit of background, I am a pre-op transsexual (Male to female, been on hormones for around 1.5 years) and I think I pass alright but I am very androgynous. Basically I wake up every morning and have to worry how female I look. To make matters worse my family isn't exactly famous for its females. They age well, but they all are tall, small breasts, and small hips.

Hell I don't give a shit about me being attractive (Not that it wouldn't be nice), I just wish I could pass better. I feel like an impostor whenever I talk to anyone. The fact that I can't hug people without having to worry about 'getting excited.' The fact that I unconsciously always look down a bit to try and hide my Adams apple slightly. The fact that I always am worried that I don't pass as well as think I do, and my friends are just humoring me. I hate nothing more then feeling like I am deluding myself.

Basically I feel like shit all the time because of it. The worst part is I realize that there really isn't anything I can do.

Edit:I hate the post limits on throwaway accounts.

Edit2: I cant really call a hotline because I don't want anything to show up on my phone plan. My parents pay for it (In college and times are tough) and I think they would 'suggest' (Cut off funding till) I send myself to a mental ward."
"I do really need to talk at someone. I figured this subreddit would be the best to put this in...

Should I call the Psychology Clinic at my university and get some free therapy? My friends and family have picked up on my self-destructive tendencies, which culminated (fucking hopefully) in a drunken, very possibly disfiguring incident the other night.

I've also been in a DEEP depression for the last few months, which is another thing my family and friends (none of who are in the same town as I) have picked up on and even gotten me to admit.

Like I say, I'm not going to kill myself. I've considered it before, when I was even younger and even dumber, and I realize now that it's the last thing I'll ever do. But, I've been doing it slowly despite the realization that it's fucking stupid.

There are, I think, dozens of ways I could get myself out of this funk, and I don't know why I can't bring myself to do them, or even leave the house many days. I did not go to a single class last week.

So, obviously, the answer to my question is yes, but how do I motivate myself to go and talk to a total stranger my deepest secrets? I have a hard time opening up to people I've known my whole life."
"First time posting, but I figured I didn't have much to lose. Don't know where to start so I'll go to the beginning. I'm a 27 year old guy and for some time now have had suicidal thoughts. When I was younger I was molested and raped by someone I was supposed to trust, when I tried to talk to my therapist about this years later (I had never told anyone at that point) he told me (paraphrasing) that since I'm gay I must've wanted it on a subconscious level. Needless to say I haven't been back.  I tried to start over in a new city, but now feel more alone than ever. I've made a few friends, but don't dare show my real face to any of them; they see me as the outgoing fun guy when in reality I have dreams of shooting myself. What brings me here is that the other day while sitting in my car I was scrapping a parking sticker off my window with a razor blade. After I was finished I sat there looking at the blade for what felt like hours. I proceeded to put it to my wrist and sat there trying to think of a reason not to cut myself.  It was then that my mom called and broke me out of my trance. I still have thoughts and desperately want to get rid of them; however I have started feeling like no matter what happens I will always feel like the total loser that I am.  I doubt anyone will actually read this it just feels good to get it out. "
"I just tried to kill myself by tying shoelaces around my throat and then twisting them tight with a pen. But I just couldn't go through with it. This is my third failed attempt in two months. I'm beginning to think that the reason I should live is because I can't follow through on my attempts.

I will be contacting mental health and setting up for counselling. I'm really unhappy about this, I just want to die."
"I have no idea if I'm going to kill myself. I keep posting here because my parents don't have to know. This is the first time I've cried in a while, it's also my first day on Cymbalta, I don't know if they're related. It's also the most suicidal I've felt in some time, but I don't even know what that means.

I have these people that can come by the house, but I really don't want to call them because I don't want to worry my parents.

Edit: I know this makes me a dick for posting on here, but I don't particularly want to talk about it right now. I'm gonna make it through the night at least though."
"Hello, I am not thinking about killing myself...but I believe that I'm ""mentally dead"" and that my body is just physically here. I acknowledge that I have a family that loves me and there are far worse situations out there with that said..

I'm currently in the western world, as a male, I feel like the ""world"" (by ""world"" I'm referring to my surroundings, country, etc. and yes I know that my country isn't the ""world"") is isolated, cold, and distant.

It's a sin to look at anyone in the streets and it's an even bigger sin to go up to a woman and tell her that you find her attractive (I've even tried the ""jerk/PUA"" thing for a bit which also didn't work out as planned). I am by no means a ""Mr. Nice Guy"" nor do I act like a mysognists (some people could describe me as a chaunvinist but I'm more of a traditionalist).

Yes, one can say ""Just suck it up and get modern boy!"" But I see more problems than just that... the matriarchy system is heading in a downward spiral (rather than a patriarchy system which progresses forward). 

Anyway, the reason why I'm shouting in SW is because suicide has often creeped up in my mind. As of right now it isn't, I'm a bit happy, but I simply do not value the things society does.

I'm young, in college, and it seems like if I'm not in a fraternity I'm not worth shit in the eyes of a female (even if she's not in a sorority). 

When I do find a woman who shows interest back, it's often like talking to a wall..there's just no..personality or even soul behind that face and then I just instantly turn away.

Is this normal in western society? If one has no ""social status"" (I am wealthy but no one knows it, nor do I want to flaunt it) then you might as well be a ""creep"" and ""stay at home"" (no one has actually said these things to me). 

I guess, I'm just wondering if it's worth sticking out for and if there are better ""worlds"" out there? :("
"I don't mean to be insulting or anything and I apologize if I come off like that:

My questions is rather simply why should I come here.  Yes, I am extremely depressed, and yes I am seriously thinking of ending my life within the next few weeks (when a convenient opportunity presents itself where I can dispose of the body on my own).  But rather simply, what do you have to offer?

None of you know me, why should your generic comments of, ""please don't do it,"" have any affect for me?  You don't care about my pain or suffering, and will convey false feelings fo amicability and friendship.  Yet, once this thread ends, as will your desire to help.  

I don't get this.  I have nothing to live for, have lost everything (intellectually, physcially, emotionally, socially), and don't think I can get anything back.  I am damaged goods and that means I ruined the one shot I had.  You know its funny, within the span of a few months, I lost EVERY SINGLE support system that I had in place.  Every single one.  The saddest thing is that I can't for the life fo me figure out what I did wrong.  I did everything right (exceedingly nice, Ivy-league, very considerate and caring with a genuine desire to care for others), so why is life screwing me over?  If the game cheats, then why bother playing?  

I do wish to point something out: quite a few of my troubles arise from being from a thirld world country.  The funny thing about racism is that we are told it is wrong primarily becuase it is something that people can't control (black people can't become white).  Then why am I ostracized based on the location of my birth?  Why can't I be American (don't give me that immigration crap; immigration to the US is such a long and drawn out process that it would be easier for a black individual to pull an MJ and become white).  I genuinely think this is the next major social revolution that humanity will face: why do we ostracize people on the basis of their birth.  Aren't we all one people?    


Its funny, we always see bad things happening to other people, and besides the emotion of sympathy and concern, the one thought that comes in my mind is: thank God, that didn't happen to me.  That is immediately followed by, ""but that was his one chance.  This is it.  There is no reload from a save point.""

I don't know"
"I've been diagnosed with depression and I have been on 60mg of Cymbalta for a couple of months now.  I have recently developed an overwhelming desire for something to kill me outside of my control.  Hit by a car, shot, etc. I really don't want to kill myself and I am worried that these thoughts might eventually progress into suicidal thoughts.  What are your thoughts, reddit?"
"I'm not really at the suicidal level yet, and if I ever were I have a plan in place that would take years to finish anyhow. I'm not sure if this is the right place for this then, but I've been wondering about what seeing a doctor for depression, and getting a diagnosis, will actually do for you.

I've never talked to my doctor about mental issues, but from my experiences and looking at the symptoms I'm fairly certain I would be classified as having some form of chronic depression (dysthymia) and/or cyclothymia, possibly venturing into a major depression at times. It's been this way for years, and at times I wonder about asking a doctor about it, but I always think back and figure ""Well what good is that going to do?"" If I was offered a card/referral to some counselor, I don't think I'd be very interested in going. I don't have the time nor the money to dedicate to something like that, and even if I did I think I would be so against the idea of ""talking it out"" to someone about problems that it wouldn't be very effective.

I know it's a mental issue, so it's not like there is some magic pill or surgery that takes care of it. I just feel like I'd start a process of being thrown to an endless cycle of therapy and counseling. So what purpose would there be to seeing a doctor, or would there not be any?"
"Before I begin, I want to say I really respect the advice that people give in here, and I hope I dont waste your time.

**My problem**

I always get by in school doing things in the last minute. Every year, every day my anxiety grows, the pressure grows and the fear grows. My childhood has been about moving from 1 place to another losing all of my friends. I used to be very outgoing and social in my teens, but I have become a real anti social-person at 20. Every boy and girl in my family has a boyfriend and girlfriend and friends that they go out with to party and get stress off of their minds (I have a large family). But all I have done the past 3 years is sit in my room, study and then waste time on the computer. I feel like a geniune loser in front of them all.

**My father**

The only thing that has kept me from hurting myself has been my father. My father has been the one person in my life that I cant imagine to die in front of. He has spent all his life dedicated to making every detail of my life the best it can be. He is a working class man, a rights activist and someone who has been through worse than me, which is why he dedicates so much for me. I used to be a full of happiness when I was little thanks to him. But now I face the real world, school debt, and Im probably going to fail this semester and work a dead end job because I have no connections or portfolios with anyone. I cant blame anyone for this, i dont even blame myself because I know that when i feel this bad i cant function properly to do anything right.

Im posting here because im scared of admitting my feelings to my father or anyone else. Im scared that if i let him know, he will be hurt. He has health problems and a hard working life, and gets very emotional. I dont know what to do, but I have strong feelings about just ending it all because I cant bare my situation anymore. this feeling is getting worse everyday. thanks again if you read this."
"Every morning, for the past 4-5 years of my life. (I am currently in my early 20's). I wake up with the urge to go into the kitchen, grab a knife, and end my life. I don't know why, I don't want to do it. But the urge is just so very strong. Also sometimes I get the same feeling right before I go to bed.

Sometimes its so bad that I just lie awake at night getting stressed out from trying to hold myself back. I just don't know what to do anymore. I don't think I am depressed or anything like that.

Right after this all started, I was put on some anti-depressants after a pretty harsh break-up with a girlfriend of a few years. I thought I was okay then too, but that was the one time I have ever actually attempted to kill myself. Luckily I was able to go get help after I realized what I was doing.

I don't know what to do anymore. My friends don't understand, my family has given up on trying to find me help, and I am not sure I am willing to go back on any sort of pills for this. The night terrors I had with them last time were enough alone to make someone want to end everything. I could not handle living with those ever again.

I don't know. It's late, I haven't slept very well this week. I just don't quite know."
"SW, I feel like I really just need someone to talk to.  I don't want anyone to know how I've been feeling and I feel like I can get through it, but everyday for the past month all I can think about is killing myself.  I don't know why.  I just want to be gone.  I don't want people to think differently of me and if people found out I was suicidal my life would probably be thrown into turmoil.  I want someone who doesn't know me to talk to, without anyone finding out. Help?"
"Wait for the right time, by definition you have nothing to lose by waiting to see what's round the corner.

It might suck, in which case you don't have to suffer it.

But it might also brighten your day just enough to make it better then the last.

Remember, you can kill yourself anytime. Wait for the right time. Carry a cyanide pill like special forces if you want.

Special forces are badass."
I am looking for a parent who can help me with a research paper that has first hand knowledge about teenage suicide. ((Are people doing enough to prevent teen suicide))  I would greatly appreciate your help!  Thank you in advance!!!
"i don't even know why i'm in here. strictly speaking i'm not even sure i'd call myself suicidal. oh well, here i am, posting about my insipid bullshit life because i'm probably some kind of despicable attention whore.

i'm unhappy. very deeply unhappy. i had a shit childhood. i came from a wealthy background. i had woefully irresponsible parents. they spanked away their money on useless private education i made no effort to appreciate and threw me into a boarding school full of dullards i hated for ten years rather than go to the trouble of raising me themselves. eleven years later they've split. my mother is running around the tropics with a billionaire. my father lives on the other side of the world with his replacement wife and children. the last time i saw/spoke to my mother was around august last year. last time i saw my father was 2006. they don't give a shit; their lives are sorted. my father's extended family wants nothing to do with me, considering that he has a real wife and real children now.

on the occasions on which my mother would be obligated to take me in - school vacations and such - i would frequently hide in my room, desperate for some semblance of privacy - some kind of break from the perpetual human contact i was forced to endure at school. my mother, deep in her own emotional insecurities, would disregard this, insisting on intruding upon my personal space whenever i wanted to sit alone, reading a book with my door locked, and admonish me for being an antisocial wretch whenever i insisted on keeping my own company. her favourite fucking thing to do, rather than letting me have my own space, was to take the piss, doing a shitty greta garbo impression (all ""i vant to be alone, boo hoo fucking hoo""), sitting on the end of my bed telling me i needed to learn to talk to people. she was probably right in spite of her utter disregard for the fact that i wasn't afforded a single second of personal freedom or privacy in the situation she had forced me into. i lived ten fucking minutes away from the institution in which i dwelt and i spent, on average, a month and a half at home each year. the place was hell. eleven boisterous illiterate footballer-worshipping goons with no ambitions beyond inheriting daddy's company and pissing away money at shitty nightclubs on trite little mediterranean islands… and me. social rejection for daring to find amusement in literature. ostracism for listening to music not advertised on public transportation. my meagre collection of belongings frequently vandalised because it's apparently a funny fucking joke to play. my personal morality questioned for being so audacious as to not have any particular religious affiliation.

when i finished high school with average exam results in 2008 my teachers, parents, friends and other relatives didn't delay to tell me how much i'd fucked up and how much of a useless ingrate i was. and so i got a job stacking shelves overnight in a supermarket at the age of 17 with a bunch of middle-aged immigrants strung out on shitty gin, because those were the only people i felt i deserved the company of. oh, look at me ending a sentence with a preposition. that's $120,000 of school fees down the fucking shitter. $120,000 i could currently be using to lead a comfortable life on top of having social skills and an ounce of faith in the rest of the world. six figures, spent entirely on stealing my fucking childhood and turning me into a miserable husk of a human being.

my existence boils down to a random assortment of electrical impulses and chemical reactions that have managed to cobble themselves together into a self-aware being that fucking hates his obligation to exist. i'm alone in the fucking universe. i am a tiny, insignificant dot in what might as well be infinity, and that is why i have no motivation to do anything. i dabbled in photography until i realised it was pointless, self-fulfilling masturbatory bullshit. i can't even muster the motivation to pick up a book, a television remote or even a fucking xbox controller because i am completely unable to look at my life as anything other than the sum of a pathetic, inconsequential result of a sequence of random events. christ, i can't even be bothered to eat. i usually get up at 11am and hold off on eating breakfast until midnight. i'm hungry all day, but i have no appetite. i find no pleasure in anything.

more than anything i feel fucking guilty. i've been mooching off a relative for nearly two months and i haven't even bothered to start looking for another job ever since i quit working at the supermarket. my coworkers hated me for being educated, well-spoken and self-contained. i tell myself every day that i've had all the opportunities in the world thrust upon me, and that i should be grateful for how fucking wonderful my life should be. i went to one of the most critically acclaimed schools in the world, and i didn't even bother applying to university because i'm too fucking stupid and lazy. think of all the starving children in africa, eh? those fucking starving kids render all of my problems moot.

i deserve nothing i have. i've been a shitty facsimile of a person for as long as i can remember. that would explain why my family abandoned me when i was eight. my only friends are people i met online. i have never met a single one of them face to face. i don't intend to. i'm not the well-read compassionate casanova i present to the world - i'm a shameful fraud with absolutely nothing to offer. i hate earth. i hate society. i hate anyone with any degree of happiness in their lives. i've been stowing a seed of bitterness within myself for as long as i can remember, and it's eaten away at every single ideal i once held. every single fucking day, i awaken, look out at the miserable corner of the world i can see from my bedroom window, stare at the happy fucking couples holding hands and milling about by the roadside, and resent them. i want them to pay for the endless seething hatred i feel every second of my life - and then i realise how much of a fucking fiend i am and hate myself further for my misdirected vitriol.

as i said - strictly speaking, i do not consider myself suicidal. who knows what tomorrow will bring? more pain, more anguish, more reasons to just give the fuck up, wander into the hills and wait until exposure takes me, most likely. there's no ""hope"". i feel contractually obliged to carry on living - to not do so would be selfish to those who have (so pointlessly) invested in my shameful fucking excuse for a life.

shit, i'm lonely. i'm not even unattractive. i can maintain a conversation with a girl. i'm tall. i'm slim. i'm intelligent. i'm handsome. i have impeccable - almost excessive - standards of personal hygiene. i have a deep voice and what has been described as a sexy accent. i'm anonymously laying my soul bare to a bunch of strangers here, so what the hell, i have a seven inch cock, too. my only merits in this world are the ones i did nothing to attain. if i was short, balding, overweight, unfit, greasy, shortsighted and/or uneducated, i would likely have some justification in hating myself as much as i do. i do not. i have all manner of genetic advantages, and instead of being able to employ them like a reasonable person, i lament the fact that i have them in the first place, despise myself for being so utterly undeserving, and continue to sit around all day doing nothing with my life aside from occasionally contemplating walking north with no supplies and seeing how far i get.

i have a pittance of a life and i've pissed away every opportunity i've ever had. i really don't see what the point is. i don't even know why i'm posting this in here. i just want to be able to vent publicly and anonymously without feeling like i'm monopolising someone's time with my own petty grievances. a tangible human audience with a name and a face has to sit there and consent to subjecting themselves to my inane rants - i can be sure, however, that people who read things like this posted in a public forum do so of their own will. if you've solidly read this far, i apologise for, among other things, my incoherence, my longwindedness and my pointless self-pity. more than anything else, though, thank you. i am not sure if i will even follow any responses this piece-of-shit stream of consciousness produces, but in the event that someone shows some interest... thank you."
"I know that some people come on here and post who have serious problems (suicide and all) and I don’t know if I really meet that but hey worst thing that happens is no one reads this right? Well I may not feel actively suicidal like some people who post, I can’t exactly say the more passive thoughts have never crossed my mind. Not so much that I want to reach for a knife or a rope, just that I don’t want to be anymore. 

I don’t just feel depressed, I feel paralyzed, trapped whatever word best fits. I feel so bad so much of the time for so long that a lot of my “normal” life suffers. All I can do at times to keep my sanity is to distract myself with all kinds of mediums. As long as my mind is numbed with some other (often multiple) thing to think about I can get though the day. The problem is “distractions” mean music or downloaded TV shows or movies or porn or video games and often multiple simultaneously. It almost never means anything productive, cleaning, job-hunting or whatever I actually need to get to. Within minutes or less of turning off these distractions my mind goes right back to being depressed, self-loathing, stressed and in a general sense of anguish.

I wish I could point to what is behind it, but I have kind of always been like this to one degree or another. The bad part is that the longer I am like this the harder it is to convince myself it is just stress over x or depression over y. I keep hoping it will get better, I try forcing myself out of slumps but I seem to have no control over it. 

But I may also feel sometimes that I’m just using this as some kind of crutch to keep me out of having to do anything. That maybe I’m just lazy and making myself feel I’m broken as an excuse. Though doubting my own sencarity about being “down” may just be a twisted way to self-hate, another area I do well in. Nothing I ever do is good enough for myself, and objectively I have accomplished things, I just am always able to find reasons why that doesn’t matter. I just graduated from a rather good school with a 3.1 this December and sill I am not proud of or pleased with myself. 

I’m also not even sure what could have made me like this. I mean I shouldn’t have these kinds of problems, I’m not from a broken anything. Had even a privileged life by most comparison. I’m objectively speaking very cognitive, very intelligent, knowledgeable about some things. I have had jobs before, granted just summer jobs or internships. I guess I just feel bad cause all the worst of this gets is pain and a poor work habit, not what I would consider bad compared to say schizophrenia or becoming delusional or anything (thought that again may be my self-deprecation talking again, maybe I sell my issues short).

Yet I can’t get my ass to do anything. Other than my apartment-mate I haven’t had an interaction with anyone in real life for maybe a month and a half. I talk with my brother or parents occasionally on the phone but I don’t have any “online friends” to make up for it. 

But then what is real crazy is the shier stress that everything seems to trigger. I can get near panic attacks just thinking about trying of pulling my life together. It’s always been there and has always been a huge pain in my ass, keeping me from all kinds of things. It could be the conversation I never started because I got too panicked to meet people. It could be the times in college when a simple assignment got dragged out into an epic battle for every sentence lasting days. It could be that I still cannot bring myself to re-update my resume, search through my contacts, or even fill in my linked-in page. And it’s not just that I can’t initiate these things, but when others try to bring it up I lock up just as bad or worse.

But what worries me the most of late is that this feeling of perpetual depression, the crippling need for distractions from the real world, the panic I get and the hate I have for myself, they all seem to be getting worse over the years not better. I’m losing my hope that as time goes on it isn’t some phase of high school doldrums or college confusion, it’s the life I’ve been dealt. That’s the part that scares me, that I may be like this forever or that it might even get worse from here. And its ok to be that low functioning when you live on someone else’s dime, but what if I can’t suppress it enough to support myself? Even if I can, could I ever get a job that I actually want or will it just have to be something so low stress a monkey could do it? I mean what kind of life is it if all it does is oscillate between “suck” and “not thinking about it?” One even worth having?

I know these are big questions, and questions without the assumption that there will be an answer. I normally never talk about myself, it’s not something I am even a little bit comfortable with and so if nothing else at least I got myself to post boring a rant to a bunch of strangers right? Sorry, there’s the self deprecation again. Seriously though, to anyone willing to get this far, thanks. 

If you want elaboration on literally anything I can do that, I feel like I’ve already talked about myself way more than anyone would ever want and yet I still probably left something out. 
"
"I know that there are times when you might feel that you're alone in this world. Everyone is going about their day with a pleasant smile, and you're forced to go about fighting your inner demons.
 
PostSecret, for those that don't know, is a website that posts anonymous postcards with messages of hope, dispair, love, and loss.
 
I'm not a member of the site- and I posted this as a self-post because I care not for any karma this might involve- but sometimes, in these small messages, you might find a connection that you're not alone, and maybe even a sense of hope. 

Here's the [Link](http://postsecret.blogspot.com/). 

Edit: It's updated every sunday I believe :)

"
"This was a  few hours ago before I calmed down and took a panic pill. Dont usually feel like this, but when I do get to my low points its like this. It might be always like this, but the pill just masks it. Dont worry, Im fine tonight. 




Listen

Always how my life has been, never loud, never outspoken. Always the one in the back listening and observing. 

That could have been my downfall from the start, never ocmmunicating with many people. It seemed like when I did meet someone something always happened and I totally stop communication with almost everyone. Always been made fun of all my life, always picked last. But thats what happens when your quiet. 

Then when I thought it was my time to become like the norm, it went well. Until you actually realize. Its hard to explain. People seem to forget about you and give up. Sure I am too, but there are reasons. No ones ever been there fully. No ones filled the void. I waited for a long time and I thought I found them, but something always happend.

I guess All I wanted was someone to listen

It seems like everytime I try to even start to talk, no one listens. Always. They are there sometiems, but they dont grasp what I try to convey. It seems like my life is well, but in reality, everythings bottled in my head. I never ever let it out now. No one seems suitable. I cant tell everyhting about my feeling and thoughts. They wouldnt understand. They would have to be the same. I truly feel alone in this world. Stuck in my mind and thoughts. No one listening or even aknowledging me.

But like I said, I'm use to it. Its always been like this. Ive tried to be happy and find good friends but for some reason theres always something. I try to tell them, yet they dont listen. I've tried telling many people but they dont listen. At this point im not sure I'm even looking for something anymore. The one thing that kept me going is lost. At the time of writing this I could probably kill myself if I had an easy chance. I know there are a lot of ways, but I think something soon is going to happen. I'm not meant for this world. If anyone were able to read this, you could save someone maybe. Just try to see and listen. The eyes tell it all. My face may tell you different, but my eyes are always the same.

I dont expect anyone to be sad. I've been through the stages before and so you are use to them. What else was I suppose to do? Itd be best if no one knew what happen to me. Id become lost in time just like I always was. 

I've become basically in solitude. How long can someone go that long? I've done it all my life. Family can only help you so much, its hard to explain to them. I can't. They already see me differently. Friends are the same. I need someone that only I can talk to. Such as myself, but that keeps me in a loophole. I need to find that one person. But, the feeling I use to feel that they were out there is gone. Not sure how long I can stay in solitude much more. 

Help

Seems like I foundly found peace. Though I'm sorry it had to be this way. I've tried to make everyone happy, and this is the only way of making me content."
"typing style is shit to obscure. im in the field and i bet you'd all be amazed how easy it is to link your little anonymous accounts together or back to who you really are. yet there's no point.

anyway. help? ;_;

im on my third bottle of pharmaceutical ethanol, watching good will hunting after stumbling across a link to a scene somewhere on Reddit and bawling like a baby at various points.

i am in a rut and have been for so long i don't even remember what its like not to be. i am somewhere i hate. i stayed here for 'her' and she left, whats new. yet this place, this country, has been draining enough to remove anything, everything, my sense of wonder, my love of the world, my motivation, my love of people, language, interest in small things, anything. it had long ago and i gave up and tried to destroy it all, to end it all, then a phone call from an ex by sheer chance for no reason dragged me out and offered me a lifeline, on the way out, at the train station, i met 'her' and stayed, and 6 months later this is how she repays me.

i ditched a close to 7 figure income to come here. to get away from her, a different her, a lifestyle, a me, that wasnt right. and it was great, so freeing.

but then it all went to shit. now im trapped for nothing, with nothing, about nothing.

yet what was left is gone. so i cant even go back. storage werent paid and burnt what i owned, when i start to get over it, power surges in this fucking place cooked pcs while i was backing up and nuked them... my life, effectively, gone. family, friends, im gone too long, they dont care any more. drugs arent particularly fun any more... booze ive battled with for so long and yet im back in.

What's left? :(

edit: sorry, back, movie over, crashed and woke up. should sober up but i dont dare to try yet and wouldnt have the slightest clue where to get the meds id need to do it properly here. i guess at least im here another day, it snowed, but not enough. another empty day, but at least it was there, maybe."
[removed]
http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/b7wgu/reddit_im_thinking_of_killing_myself_tonight/
[removed]
[Please have a look at this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/b8e5o/dear_reddit_today_i_have_come_to_the_end_of_my/)
"I hate when these are long-winded and full of shit, so I'll TRY to be brief. I feel like I owe it to the world to end my own life. It's not just when I am in a depressed state (though this is often), as no matter how things are going and how I feel, I know that killing myself is the right thing to do. My family and what remains of my friends don't care much for me, I waste all I am given and don't see a bright future. I'm miserable most of the time and I pretty much hate every aspect of my life, and when you add that to the fact that I am a burden on the world, suicide seems like my duty. I hurt myself sometimes but it's just for my own pain. I'm still here and still a piece of shit, making the world a worse place every day. Like the title says, I'm just working on reaching somewhere in my little pussy-ass self for the courage to take my own life and leave this poor planet alone. I dunno if this post is really in the spirit of this subreddit. Fuck it. "
"Dear SW,
First, I would like to thank you for clicking and listening to a random stranger's troubles.  
Now, let us get to the point.  I am feeling borderline suicidal, but more apathetic than suicidal.  I do not care if my life ends now or soon, but some part of me does not want to end it myself, unless I feel like I have no other choice, or the pain is unbearable.  
I am feeling the way I do because of a girl that broke up with me as the past year ended.  Hopefully, that is enough to suffice.  Although more than two months have passed, I feel as if it is still last week.  For a while, there has been relative progress, as I forced myself to move on, but I can't help but grow weary after a period of no progress.  I do not know where to turn, as my family is distant, and I do not speak to them very much.  Friends are not very helpful at all, as I feel like they have their own problems.  They are not nearby, so it is not easy or possible to meet up.  My only option is to call.  Most have told me that if I'm feeling terrible, I can call them whenever, and we can talk.  However, a majority of the time, they do not pick up, or if they do, they say that they are busy and will call back, but they never do.  This just makes whatever I'm feeling worse.  So I am very reluctant to call anybody just in case I make myself feel worse as a result.  Whenever I do call them, they will talk for a bit and make “false” promises, and after we hang up, I feel like they have completely forgotten about me.  Of course, I shouldn't feel like that I am their life, but I cannot help but wonder what I would do if I was in their situation.  To me, if a friend in need, I would take any situation like this very seriously, and not say anything I do not intend to do.  I know that sometimes, things slip in people's minds, but to me, it seems like that you really don’t have to care about an issue for it to slip so many times.  So I have nowhere to go, but to help myself.
I have tried to do whatever daily life requires, but everyday is extremely disheartening.  I awake to memories of the past, and fall asleep thinking about the memories of the past as well.  Even dreams take me back to past.  I find part of the problem is I do not find many activities fun or happy.  I know that I just want to find someone whom I love and who loves me back, and together, we can be happy, but I understand that will not happen anytime soon probably.  I see everyone around me happy and carefree, and I wonder why I cannot be like them, which only furthers me into my hole.
I have been told to try and make friends meet new people, but I do not enjoy small talk nor do I like parties or anything that is superficial.  I simply do not ENJOY the process of sifting through hundreds of people who pretend to like you but in reality don’t give a crap about you, or care only when they are interacting with you, just like my current “friends” have shown.  I am losing motivation fast, and these past few weeks, I’m thinking more and more about suicide.  
Sorry for this wall of text, and I’m asking anyone who cares, or at least pretends to care to perhaps give me a different view, words of support, or anything else you think will help.  

EDIT: Thanks all for the replies and helpful advice.  I will read and look into the more tomorrow as I am calling it a day now."
"I don't know why I'm posting this here. I'm just so upset and I have no one to talk to.. It's probably very sad that I feel so comfortable typing out my problems to strangers on the internet, I cannot even cry in front of my only friend.. Of course, I have never been able to talk to people..not exactly my strong point..

Does anyone feel like they suffer from a 'social anxiety' of some sort? ..I have always felt so empty, I never have anything to say because I am constantly nervous around most people. I spend most of the time watching people wishing they could be my friend but never knowing what to do. I drift on by through life missing all these people I could've known but never will. If I had at least made one friend when I was in college I probably would not have given up on it so easily..

I am always sad all the time. There are always many reasons for me to find, I just can't be happy for an extended period of time. Even after spending the day with my best friend I come home and cry myself to sleep because I am alone. After spending a week with I one I love I cry because I am no longer with him. Everything makes me cry.

Looking up at the sky scares me. It makes me feel so small and insignificant. I have panic attacks about the constant possibility of imminent disaster at any moment.

I constantly lie about little things to everyone. I can't ever be truthful. I'm so scared to even do so..

I have never gotten a job without the help of my parents. Every single interview I've ever had I have completely bombed. The one job I probably could've gotten (because of the lack of requirements) I didn't because the manager actually believed I was too ugly (so important when being cashier..huh..). I recently finished a certified program in which I thought would help me find a job..no one even bothers to call me back. I even thought having a nice new resume would help, but nothing has.

I'm in love with someone I who already has someone to call their own, and he is in love with me...or he says he is. He knows I know about his other relationship.. As horrible as it is, I never saw it as that bad because I had been chasing after him for a year before that. I had never been in love with anyone before and wanted to have him so badly. All I ever wanted was a real relationship. I have tried to give him everything I could think of giving him to make him turn his head a little bit more towards me.. I gave him everything. I have nothing. I am nothing. I have been dying to ask him for over a year if I even have a chance at ever becoming his only. I have attempted to explain how depressed it can make me to him, but it never seems to matter.

I guess I don't deserve a real relationship. That's how it makes me feel. It makes me feel like I don't deserve anything. Not good looking, not good to talk to, not 'qualified enough' to work even as a cashier, worthless and an all over bad friend. Why should I continue to exist?"
"I'm a burden to everyone in my life. I get no joy from living. By dying, I could make their lives so much lighter.

My boyfriend hates to touch me. Hugging, kissing, holding hands? None. He says he loves me, but he won't come near me, physically and emotionally. He stopped talking to me a long time ago, I feel like a ghost at his side. He used to tell me how much he loved me, how he wanted to spend the rest of our lives together, how he wanted to marry me. He would write me love letters and we had ""our"" songs. That's all gone now. Hoping to feel connected to him again, I asked him why he was in a relationship with me. He responded, ""Because YOU need it."" He has let me know that he has absolutely no need for me. My boyfriend is my only friend, my best friend, and he's absent. I sit next to him and he won't talk to me or even look at me. I tell a joke and he doesn't respond; he never smiles at me anymore.

My family couldn't care less about me. My parents are wrapped up in their own worlds - there's no love in our family, my parents are together out of habit. I'm supposed to go to college next year, but I don't know what I like, what I want to do. Nothing interests me. I tried to tell my mom that I'm not ready, but she won't here it. ""Everyone"" goes to college, how would it look if I were another ""bum high school senior"" left at home as everyone heads off to their Ivy Leagues schools? That's pretty much where she stands. My sister absolutely despises me and she's only a freshmen in high school. She has her own social life to live and I just inhibit her.

Nobody at school even notices me. I walk through the halls and people just pass by, nobody ever says hi. I'm so alone. Nobody notices if I'm there or not. I'm a worthless piece of shit and I'm just excess in the fabulous lives of everyone else.

Reddit, maybe I come off as a whiney teenage girl. I'm sorry. I just see no other option for myself; I'm ready to die. I used to think that everyone came to this world with a purpose. I thought everyone was unique and special. I believed in soul mates. Not anymore. Maybe some people, like me, are sent to this world for no reason other than to eventually die. I'm here, just waiting to die."
"I've been slowly declining for a while now...but today was too much.  I can't do this anymore, I've blocked considering suicide until now...but saving my mother from crying isn't enough to stop me anymore.  Some people aren't meant to be happy and they can live through it, but I can't.

I've been wasting my parent's money through two majors in over five years of college at different schools.  Now I'm wasting their money in a program I'm miserable in...a future career I'm incapable of...and I'm too old to get out of it now.  My depression and former antidepressant use eliminates the only other career option I cared about, and my current options would be like serving a life sentence in prison.

My major and future career are the only things I had to live for, my career was going to be my life.  I hate people, there isn't a woman out there waiting for me.

I know I'm smart, I know I'm a nice guy, but that doesn't mean my life is good and that doesn't mean I should be sentenced to a full life."
"Hey SW - I'm relatively new to Reddit, and I just stumbled upon SW while thumbing through the more popular subreddits. I'm glad I found this community. 

I want to afford you all some perspective, as you try to find ways to work through your problems. I think it's healthy to look to others for common threads in what you're feeling and thinking. Maybe my story and some quick reminders about life on Earth will help you, even if only slightly.

For about 12 years, I have been clinically depressed, with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder, type II with rapid cycling. Those of you who know the DSM know that this kind of bipolar disorder amounts to daily/weekly shifts in mood, such that I could be flying high and loving life for a few hours, and then almost instantly be mired in suicidal thoughts and the blackest of depression. 

These kinds of acute swings have resulted in me leading a completely solitary life, with absolutely no friends, a drug addiction, an aloof family and zero potential for forming any substantial relationships with human beings. 

(I mention human beings only, because I am very able to form relationships with animals. Those relationships are of the few things that keep me going day-to-day.) 

Instead of cultivating relationships with people, I have focused my efforts outward, to other realms. These include history, philosophy, astronomy, parapsychology and other disciplines of thought. In other words, instead of looking to **people** for comfort and reassurance, I have turned to science and, yes, even science fiction to help me deal with this awful, awful experience of being alive on Earth. 

*""So you're saying that reading H.G. Wells novels cures depression?""*

No, I'm not saying that. 

I'm saying that allowing your mind to leave the confines of your daily thought processes, by venturing to a place where thinking is much less rigid (say, 10 feet from the surface of a neutron star, for example), you can begin to see the *absolute frivolity* of being alive. 

Before you jump to dictionary.com to get a definition for frivolity...it basically means meaningless. 

Life, in my opinion, is essentially meaningless. We are all just sacks of organic molecules that have been cursed with self-awareness. That's it. There's absolutely nothing that separates us from any other organism on this earth than that. We are aware of ourselves and this awareness is, in my opinion, what causes us the most grief. 

Think about it...

You really only get depressed when you start thinking about yourself. For, everything in this world is in some way related to YOU, right? Strangers, family, China, a pink sports car, midgets...any worldly thing you can conceive of has some kind of relationship with you (i.e. Russia is XXXXX miles away from YOU, and chimpanzees have XXXX more hair on their bodies than YOU, etc.)

If you can suspend this idea of self, and begin to view you and everyone else around you as meaningless, purposeless sacks of walking molecules, you will begin to realize that what REALLY matters in your search for contentment is what is happening right...now. 

- The way the air smells

- How your pants fit 

- The itch on your nose that you are now aware of

- The color of your computer case, or laptop

- The sound of the air conditioner humming along

- The barely audible ticking of the clock on your wall

- etc.

What happens tomorrow, or what has happened yesterday or the day/week/month/year before, mean abso-fucking-lutely nothing.

Your experience now, here, today, in this exact moment, is what is worth paying attention to. You can choose to take your mind to other worlds of imagination in this moment, or you can choose to stew on the problems you *think* you have. But you do not have problems. You have yourself, your mind, and this moment. 

Everything else is ancillary. 

Maybe this little diatribe hasn't helped you at all...but, at the very least, you have spent the past 8 minutes NOT thinking about ending your life. 

I'll see you guys around. :)"
"hi, i'm not really sure what i'd like you all to say. i really suck at explaining myself accurately but i'll try to paint a good enough picture so that hopefully someone will write something that makes something click in me.. ok. my 'problem' is that i'm not interested in anything. nothing. 


about myself:

- i'm a 21 year old female

- i guess i'm pretty introverted. i'd love to find a few close friends (even one would be more than enough) to go 'partying' with and get drunk and 'go wild' (when i put it in quatation marks, i mean that although i like the idea of being rowdy and silly like that, i like it for the act itself, not to get attention from other people which is what most people seem to do... i always feel like everyone is surrounded by people but absolutely alone.. and all i want to do is have a few friends.. even one would do that i can occasionally be 'partners' with.. i don't know if that makes sense)

- i'm intelligent but am not knowledgeable about much- mainly attribute this to not being interested in absolutely anything.

- i'm not smart enough for the smart kids but too smart for the dumb ones... by smart i mean i pick up things really quickly.

- i really hope it doesn't seem like i'm full of myself. i don't think i have low self esteem but i'm definitely some sort of depressed.. i'm 21, finishing university dec of this year. have no friends ( kept in touch with a few of my floor mates from first year but i despise them all.. yet i keep in touch because without them i'd actually be completely alone.) i've felt this way (alone with friends that i don't really like or connect with) all my life. i wasn't really aware of it until grade 9. i cry all the time- 2 times a week when i'm good, 2 times a day when it's a bad week. i don't really know why i'm crying, it just feels like an overwhelming amount of pressure (physical pressure on my mind.. like my world is closing in.. but i don't feel anxious or anything like a panic attack, it just feels like if i give up and 'let go' during those moments i'll permanently cross a line into serious depression- i want to stress that i rarely feel anxious or nervous or anything like that)

- i have loving parents who take care of me financially. i live 5 hours away from them and i wish it was more. i love them to death but i began dreaming of what i would do if they died and i was absolutely alone in the world when i was around 7 or 8 years old. i would never ever ever do anything to make this happen and i would feel horrible if anything ever happened to them. these 'day dreams' have also occurred less and less as i grew older since i now technically am no longer 'linked' to them. (sorry for using so many quotation marks.. i have a horrible vocabulary and can't think of the right word to express what i'm trying to say)

- my dad was never home when we were younger which didn't impact me negatively but i now realize that the only real relationship i've ever had was with my mother (since i've never really had any friends and never had any close friends) and she (i love her to death but) loved me more than my sister (twin fraternal sister who never really liked me because my mom never paid attention to her when i was around and always went out of her way to verbally abuse me at school untill a few years ago when we both went to different colleges.. we're 'close' now) and always believed that i would grow up to be some sort of genious because i was really smart when i was younger. 

- i'm attractive and don't really have any self image issues

- i spent my childhood being the mediator between my mom and sister, my mom and my dad, my dad and my sister and my mom and her issues. i was never bitter about it and volunteered to help because i honestly felt that i could help my family but now i wish i could go back and let them all fuck themselves over because i lost out on any form of socializing and am seriously fucking depressed while they're still withering in their shitty lives. eugh. sorry about the sudden change in narrative but as much as i want to look forward and fix this neutrality i'm living in, i can't help but get bursts of rage towards my younger self and how much belief i had in my mother and family's sanity. 


i don't know what else to say. i am utterly indifferent about everything and everyone yet absolutely overwhelmed by loneliness. i want to be with people (or a person) but don' t know who, what i want to do, what i'm interested in.. etc. i want a hobby but i've tried drawing but i get bored, tried going to class but i lose interest because i pick up on the gist of the course really quickly but am too lazy to actually do any of the readings... is everyone like this? my entire life people have told me i'm smart but i'm positive everyone is like this. 


tl;dr: i'm not interested in anything and have tried to find things but seriously don't care about anything. i spend my day sleeping, wasting time on the internet, sometimes exercising, rarely reading, watching stupid shit on the internet, doing the bare minimum to pass my courses.. thats about it.


i've rambled long enough.. i know most people who answer (if any do, which is fine if no one does, there's not really much to say) would likely say things like ""take it one step at a time"" or ""you can get out of this, life is worth living"", which come from a well meaning place but i've tried getting a routine and it does work, in a way. it works at getting you out of the shitty mind set but all it's like i wake up from this dream like state that i'm in and am surrounded by shallow and mentally disturbed people. i'm so sorry if i sound full of myself or like i'm better than most people because i really don't think i am. i just know that the reason why i always go back to this state of nothingness is because when i try to 'live in the real world' i hate it. i hate everyone, i hate the indifference of most people and their neuroses. i'm not nervous all the time. i'm not self conscious all the time. i'm not worried people are talking about me because i don't talk about people behind their back. i try not to lie and i don't cheat or treat people horribly. i get back to people when i say i would and i actually listen when it's 'not my turn to talk'. BUT i'm not so sensitive that i don't understand sarcasm (i'm actually very sarcastic), i'm not uptight and prudish. as i mentioned above, if i ever ended up finding people i actually like (if i ever figure out what it is that i like) i want to 'party' and get drunk and make mistakes and do things i 'regret' and stupid shit. 


i know this is really long and even though i will be checking this religiously for the next while to see if/what anyone posts, i understand if no one says anything that helps because 'knowing that there are others like me' doesn't really help. and i can't trust that i will ever find anyone that i get along with because i'm 21 years old and have yet to meet anyone who is in anyway like me. 


i'm sorry if i didn't represent myself properly. i feel like i sound like a huge bitch but i really hope i'm not. this loneliness is eating me up inside and i really can't take it anymore. this week was just a really bad one so i thought i would post on here instead of wait for this mood to go away again..


again, thanks for anyone who read this all the way through"
"Here's the deal.  If you're contemplating suicide, and you're even reading this, you're one of the good ones, and the world needs you, and as painful as your existence may be, you have a shitload to offer the world, so do whatever you need to do to get through the night, and find some help tomorrow.

How do I know?

Because I was a counselor on a major suicide hotline for YEARS!  (I finally burned out due to the crazy but NON-suicidal callers, but that's another story.)

Here's the deal. I took calls from suicidal people for many years, and NOT ONCE did I think the world would be better if one of the folks I though was serious about it actually chose to end their lives.

No, I never had the pedophile call in, wondering if he should hang himself, rather than causing untold additional children untold additional pain.  I never had the serial killer call in, wondering if he should eat a bullet instead of killing another hooker.

No, I had the sad, lonely, and confused, all of whom were pretty fucking AWESOME (if temporarily sad, lonely and confused).

Depression IS a chronic illness.  You may be thinking, ""I'm not depressed, I'm just so fucking bored, and I'm over it.""

I know sport, that's HOW DEPRESSION FUCKING WORKS.  You may be one of the ones that thinks you're smarter than the therapists, so let me lay it out for you: here are the symptoms of Depression:

    *  difficulty concentrating, remembering details, and making decisions
    * fatigue and decreased energy
    * feelings of guilt, worthlessness, and/or helplessness
    * feelings of hopelessness and/or pessimism
    * insomnia, early-morning wakefulness, or excessive sleeping
    * irritability, restlessness
    * loss of interest in activities or hobbies once pleasurable, including sex
    * overeating or appetite loss
    * persistent aches or pains, headaches, cramps, or digestive problems that 
do not ease even with treatment
    * persistent sad, anxious, or ""empty"" feelings
    * thoughts of suicide, suicide attempts

(I would have thought it was obvious that I didn't make up this list myself, and cut and pasted it, but since I've been accused of plagiarism (instead of laziness) by one of the commenters, the above symptoms are courtesy of - http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/detecting-depression)

Any of those sound familiar?  Really?  Help IS out there, and the helpers AREN'T stupid, even if they DO work for nonprofit agencies (which may be contrary to your readings from Ayn Rand, etc.).  There are capable people and they can help.  It may take more than one or two meetings to find someone you can work with, but there is someone out there who can help you.

Honestly, depression IS the most treatable mental illness, and sadly, it's also the most fatal.

Don't be too proud to get help if you need it.  Once you get things sorted out, THEN you can get back on track and change the world.  You can't do jack shit if you're dead.

Please, if you've read this far, call 1-800-Suicide, or 211, or look at the list over to the right and call one of those numbers and get the help you need.  You're one of the good ones, we need you alive!

Good luck!"
I have recently been disabled for the last three months. I have a job i cant go back too and have been looking for at home employment for months. Im in pain randomly throughout the day and need to stop what i am doing to deal with the pain. My wife is blaming me for all her problems. I told her tonight im not happy anymore and i dont know what to do. I have been dealing with depression since i was a young child and have kept it in check for a long time. Its been a little over a year since i got married and now im a fat worthless gimp. I'm only 24 and i cry in pain all the time. 
"I don't want to live like this.  I don't want to be mentally ill.  

**Edit:**  I'm ok.  I was having a bad reaction to a new medication, and I'm not going to take it again.  Thank you to everyone who responded.  You all are precious gifts (I sound like a hippie, but it needs to be said!) , and I'm glad I came here to get this off my chest.  Thank you."
"A few nights ago, I was with a guy I like alot and we got it on and didn't use protection. After the best (three rounds of) sex in my short life, I realised how much of an idiot I am. I told my mom, and she won't take me to get the morning after pill. Tomorrow is my last chance to get it before it becomes totally ineffective. She won't look at me anymore. She's making me tell my dad, who will beat me to a pulp.
I knew I had no future. I always knew I'd never get into college and become a physicist/engineer. I tried to have dreams, and failed. Everyone tells me I'm a beautiful, smart young girl who will blossom once I get into university. They all assume I'm doing well in school. I'm failing all but two of my classes, and just the thought of that place makes me crumble inside.
I'll never be able to get close to someone in my life. I'll never go anywhere. I've failed everything, even out-patient therapy.
There's no reason for me to go on. Darwin was right, only those most suited to change will survive. I'm not one of those, so I might as well remove myself from this planet full of disgusting people.












EDIT: I asked my mom (using Estehbahn's advice) to take me to CVS, and she bought it for me. I have to pay her back for it, which I don't mind, but at least I got it over with. My only fear is that I got it so late. I'm going to hold off on the suicide for now. If it turns out I am pregnant, I'll more than likely end it right then and there. If not, when I get rejected by all the universities I apply to.

Thanks for all of the help."
"I stopped smoking pot for about 2 weeks now.  I smoked every day for a little over a year (since I've been out of college), also smoked almost all 4 1/2 years of college. There have been some exceptions like when I had to find a job, when I was staying at my parents' during summer break in early college, but other than that it was every day, multiple times a day, even resin hitting if I had to. It helped a lot and I had a lot of good times, but I needed a break from the haze. I haven't bought any for months, my roommates/friends smoke me out. I was getting horrible anxiety every time I smoked lately, I never got anything done, felt more depressed about it. I was tired of self-medicating instead of actually doing something about my life. I finally got to see a nurse practitioner who tried to put me on Zoloft, but I said I was a week off from smoking and I was feeling somewhat better, and she agreed to wait it out. I was on Celexa for awhile (until I ran out of health insurance from school and quit cold turkey because of it..) and I didn't like the side effects (destroying my libido, zombie feeling).

I do have more energy, my short term memory is better, and I'm more social now. I smoked after visiting my parents today after feeling horribly anxious/depressed from being there, talking to my dad, etc. I only took one hit, didn't really get that high, but felt a little better. I went to work, had a shitty night, came home, and did another one of my mind dumps (where I just unload everything from my mind). I'll post it on a comment instead of on here, since it runs a few hundred words. My mind dumps end up being like 3000+ words sometimes, but I'll spare you from that.  Anyway, turns out stopping smoking just has given me more clarity and energy, but now I'm stuck with the dysthymia symptoms again, and it clearly comes out in my writing."
"I'll try to keep this brief, if for no small reason that I legally must do so.
I can't tell you why I'm depressed. I'm under a federal gag order to not tell you why I'm depressed, and I can't break that unless I face more years in jail then I'm already exposed to.

At the current moment, I could potentially face up to 10 years in military prison. I can't tell you why I face 10 years, but I promise you that it's bullshit. Not even in the sense that U.S. laws are bullshit, but they have no evidence to convict me of the crimes they accuse me of.
I wish I could tell you why it's bullshit, or even what my charges are, but fuck the world. I can't do either of those, and it kills me. I'm facing up to 10 years in a military fucking prison, and I can't tell a soul why it's happening. I don't know why I'm even posting, but I would really like some support if anyone has some.

I love you guys, I just wish I had shown it before.

I'm honestly contemplating suicide, but making it look like an accident so my family can get my huge life insurance policy. I'd love one of two things:

1. To have a reason to try to continue with my life. There's roughly a 0% chance I won't go to a military prison for at least 2 years, so just saying ""Don't go to prison isn't really an option.

2. A good way to make it look like an accident. I hate my life, but I don't want to hurt my family because of my idiocy.

Thanks guys, I love you all."
"Sorry world, tried all this shit.  I love you but hate dealing anymore.  Here's my last thoughts.  http://www.thesixtyone.com/morganpage/#/s/53CLWR7lPMl/

Sorry, Me."
"I have hit the bottom this week, things have been spiraling for awhile, but I was coping.  But this week it has come to a head.  What worries me the most is I don't think anyone can understand.  I am married, I adore my wife and I love my kids, recently my first love has reentered my life and has told me that she fucked up leaving me and she would love noting more that to go back and change things so we were together.  This has given me a giant mindfuck, let me set the entire story clear.
*this isn't the worst time of my life because of lost love
*I am losing everything I have ever worked for because of the economy, I used to earn 6 figures and now I'm lucky to make minimum wage.
* I am losing my home, and if you research my other posts you will see that I have been served and am being sued for everything.
* what makes it hard is there is a part of me that wants to leave and start anew with my first love.
But in the end I can't leave the wife that is devoted to me, the kids i love or the ex I can't tell to leave me alone......I am lost, scared, sad and hopeless.  I feel as if humans were never meant to feel this way, but I do, and what do i do?  Anyway, I feel I am an outsider to the reddit community, but hoping for something that will center me.  At the very least I was able to put my thoughts down.  Let me add this, I know many won't understand my position in life, in fact if the knew the whole story they'd be appalled, but right now I need a friend, online or otherwise.  So, I am only hoping."
[removed]
[removed]
"Two days ago me and my gf had a fight. This led to her leaving the house and feeling suicidal. This happens quite frequently and we started to go to counseling for this. However, this time she called a Suicide helpline to the advice of our counselor. I never experienced what they may do. Originally I had assumed that all they would do is calm the person down and when they become stable, they would hang up. Instead she convinced my gf to return to my house and give the phone to me to speak with her. There she got our information then told me to take my gf to the hospital. It was either that or she would call the police to pick her up. So I complied and took her there. 

At the hospital I admitted her and they performed some test as well as getting a evaluation from the behavioral specialist on duty. 
Eventually they us that she was going to be forced to be committed to a mental institution. They were going to send her that day somewhere local. Around this time visiting hours were over and I had to leave. They were helpful in the beginning, giving me info on what was the status with them trying to find another hospital. Eventually they told me that it would have been best to just go home and they would call me incase anything came up. The next day I return since I found out through her mother that she still hadn't left. I tried to find out why she still was there and the most they told me was that her insurance wasn't accepted at the places they called or it was full. So I grew concern to the length of stay she was going to remain there. I began to ask more questions, but they just told me they didn't have to inform me about anything since I was just the bf and have no legal right. I then asked if the parents did, and they agreed, except whenever her parents tried to get some info, they also left them in the dark.

 I am concerned that my gf is still there and am not aware of how long they will keep her there trying to look for a accepting institution. I get random phonecalls from her telling me how scared she is in that room and how when she needs to use the restroom, they ignore her for about an hour before they allow her to go. 

I am not sure what to do at the moment and would gladly appreciate some advice. 

"
"Hi.

I'm K, in university, and I'm really bad at starting this kind of thing.  I just got out of a class after realising I'd forgotten to hand not only an assignment I have finished (missed it by two days), but an important deliverable on a large project that is maybe 30% done.  I have a midterm in two hours which I feel unprepared for, but I can't focus.  I cried silently in the bathroom not ten minutes ago, then re-applied my mascara and gave a practice smile at my reflection before stepping back out into the hallway.

I look nice today.  I can pull off charming, funny.  I'm single, but I have a large circle of friends.  None of them know I tried to kill myself in high school.  Yesterday, I fantasized about jumping in front of cars.

It feels so fucking lame to write this out and I can't organize myself.  It's all academics so far, though, so I guess I'll start there... I keep getting told from all sides, pull up your bootstraps, work hard and study and you'll get good grades and lead a happy life as some kind of professional whatever the fuck.  They make it sound so easy.  Everyone I meet with a degree makes it look so easy.  I was smart in high school, and my Arts degree acquaintances see me as some kind of math genius - although among my peers I'm mediocre at what I do, at best.  

Work hard, Christ.  I feel like I haven't slept a night in nearly ten years, and it's all for what?  Fucking nothing.  I work hard at a shitty job so I can pay my tuition, so I can work hard in university to get a degree with my average grades, so I can get an equally shitty job which pays more (if I'm lucky - I met a cab driver with a Master's the other day) so I can pay bills for a big, empty, useless house to keep all my stuff in.  It's all about fucking money, isn't it?  It's all about working hard, isn't it?  Does it feel this hollow for everyone?

I'm so tired of working hard.  I don't care about my degree but I'm three years in and mediocre at pretty much everything else anyway.  Talking to people has become a chore, I feel nothing for my friends.  All I ever feel like doing any more is sleep.  I don't see a future in anything.

What's important to me - family?  My brothers, maybe, but I haven't seen my father in ages and my mother... well, she doesn't like her kids very much.  I live with her, and I suppose I should be grateful, but she has no sympathy for the fact that I work 30 hours a week on top of a difficult courseload and so spends enough time on Facebook that I end up taking care of the younger two kids.  (Those kids are the only connection I feel like I have to anyone any more, and all they do is fight with me.  I don't know why I bother.)

Not to mention, I have yet to tell her I'm an atheist and a lesbian - double whammy, there.  I suspect she's thinking it, though - never had a boyfriend, and I ran up a phone bill talking to a girlfriend who moved away when I was in high school.  She is a smart woman otherwise, but very emotional and very religious -  in the past, she said be more concerned if I were gay than if I were addicted to heroin.  (Explicitly.   I asked her to settle a bet with my brother and ended up turning it into a joke to cover, but it wasn't the answer I expected and it hurt a lot to hear.)

She WILL kick me out, so I can't tell her.  (I ran away once in high school for two days before they found me.  The next year, I got kicked out just before graduation after a large argument and stayed with friends for a couple weeks.  Yesterday night she started throwing my things out the door over me being home late before she calmed down... she's very frequently angry).  I wouldn't have enough money to go out on my own, even helping pay rent with a roommate.  I'm utterly dependent, and I hate it.  I think she does too.

Why can't I have been born straight?  It would be so much easier if I were.

I feel like this doesn't seem like anything worth writing about - I'm healthy, after all.  There's no coherence, no ""big thing"" wrong with me.  I have a place to sleep.  In fact, it's been worse.  But every time, I tell myself ""one more year"" and almost every time I still hate myself at the end of it

When I was twelve my parents split.  Very messy affair.  Ended up with a half-brother.  Dad was addicted to gambling, stole from me.

Thirteen, my mother marries the pastor she had an affair with.  Ostracised from church. 

Fourteen, he starts beating her.  Threatens me.  I call the cops on him.  Divorce.  Father gets married.  Divorces, as well - his wife saying that it was explicitly mine and my brothers' faults.  I'm pretty fucked up by this point.  Never had any stability because of all the moving around, forced to take care of my brothers as I'm the oldest of four.

By fifteen, I was cutting myself, doing badly in school, and having panic attacks.  My mother was suicidal and despondent.  She more than once threatened me, told me she hated me, regretted having me.  I have a scar on my face from when I was hit with a remote.  

Sixteen, I have a terrible panic attack on my birthday, which I didn't celebrate that year (and haven't since).  Seventeen... more of the same.  Realised I'm gay.  I tried to run away, but thinking about leaving my brothers guilted me into returning (I got caught on my way home).  Every time I went into my house, she was either screaming at one of her kids or screaming at her ex-husband on the phone, or crying in her room. 

Eighteen, my mother tried to commit me after I attempted suicide.  They can't keep me at the hospital (legally), but I do start attending services and am considered a high risk.  I try to live with my dad, his new fiancee hates me, I move back in with my mom after a few months.  Graduate, get a job.

Nineteen, everyone gets counselling, but... well, I was better for a little while.  I can't remember, though, it's like a big blank space.  I suppose I must have been concerned with getting into university.  I remember not having many friends left after high school graduation.

When I got into uni, I thought it would be okay, but it's always more of the same.  My mom seems more concerned about the furniture than her kids, and my lack of empathy towards my ""friends"" frightens me - I feel so lonely, and hopeless, and I wonder what I have to look forward to...  From here it looks like not much more than a life of work in a job I'll hate - mostly 'cause I can't think of a single job I'd LIKE - and either getting ostracized by my family for being gay OR never having a girlfriend ever again (or both).

Fan-fucking-tastic.

I'm so frustrated.  I can't leave, I have no money.  I can't leave, my brothers need me.  I can't leave, I'm so close to being finished my degree.  Then it'll be a job.  Then it'll be a mortgage.   Logically, I know that I've been through worse or that there's always a chance it'll get better... but I can't seem to convince myself.  Every action is empty and meaningless and that's the way the world works and there's nothing I can fucking do about it.  Either I kill myself, or go through the motions until something else does.  We're all just goddamned monkeys wearing fancy suits and pretending to be sophisticated.  It looks so ridiculous.

My mind's been invaded with escapist thoughts that I can't seem to stop; violent fantasies, self-deprecation, suicide.  I pretty much hate myself.  I'm having panic attacks again, fixated on not being able to control myself and worrying I'm going insane when they happen.  It's all coming back and I'm terrified.  I thought it was over, but it's like this fucking illness never really goes away."
[removed]
"I'm tired. So tired.

In the last year and so, I've written about 6 or 7 posts here under different accounts. I've gone to a therapist. I've tried to make changes.

Nothing fucking changes. They say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. I'm fairly certain that my problem is permanent.

I can't recall a time when I've been happy. I can count with my hands all the pleasant times I've had in my entire life. They're not even worth the bad times I do have.

I've always been too much of a coward to kill myself. I've had the thought of suicide for seven years and since three years ago I consider it at least once a week. I can't handle this.

I know I'm never going to be happy. I don't even know why I'm fucking writing this. I need to vent I guess. I need to vent about the fact that I'm too much of a coward to kill myself and that I'll just keep on living like shit instead of just stop living."
"I had been dangerously close to committing suicide for the last year and my depression has finally lifted. I just wanted to share my story in hopes that it may be an inspiration to someone else.

I was diagnosed with bipolar and borderline personality disorder during my three week involuntary stay at the psychiatric hospital. I did about 8 weeks worth of intensive outpatient therapy. A group process-oriented CBT program and a skills-based DBT program. These things did very little to alleviate my pain but I learned some lessons that were critical to my recovery. Mood stabilizers, anti-depressants, anti-anxiety medication and sleep medication didn't do very much for me either.

CBT introduced me to the idea that some of my thoughts, though completely rational, were influenced by my feelings and often distorted from pure objectivity.

DBT introduced me to a dialectical view of reality. This is the fact that reality is constantly changing and that complete objective truth is unknowable. Every idea and thought (outside of the realm of pure mathematics) is a mere model of objective reality. For example, my view that I was nothing but a bunch of chemical / physical / quantum processes that arose out of arbitrary random reactions bound by the laws of science is a possible view. However, it is merely based on scientific modeling and misses a lot of what makes me human. If the scientific model were complete, then it could predict exactly my thoughts and actions, but being only an approximation of reality, it cannot. I am actually rather convinced of the fact that science will *never* reach a point where this is possible.

Anyway, it was with this awareness that I started attending church and asking questions. I understand that this may provoke a scoff from many, but just so you know where I am coming from, I am effectively 100% rationally convinced that a theistic God doesn't exist (via complexity argument and Occam's razor). I started by interpreting God as the Pantheistic God (ie God is all of creation and the universe) which is effectively atheism, so if you are an atheist, you can start there just substitute ""all of existence"" anytime I refer to God. If you like, you can choose to believe that Jesus as just a remarkable historical teacher that was not necessarily divine.

I started to see the Bible as a repository of empirical psycho-social truths captured in the form of myth in a sense similar to what Joseph Campbell describes. There were things about the sinful nature of human beings that resonated strongly with me. There was the story of Job who kept praising God even when everything was taken from him. The most important commandment in the Bible is to Love God with all your heart and all your soul and all your mind and all your strength and love your neighbor as yourself. This was the key for me. I realized that I hated God. I hated humanity. I wished I was dead and wanted to be a part of existence no longer and I think I had fairly good reasons for this. This is exactly opposite of what Jesus tells people to do. You need to use every ounce of your being to find a way to love God. This just seemed so true and so much an antidote to my suicidality. So in church I started to sing His praises, and in singing I put my heart into it and started to cultivate as much of love for Him (as I perceived Him at the time) as I could. I asked questions and was led to understand that at the root of my suicidality was my desire to be God (to have control). This is the original and sin in the whole Bible, to be willful against God. This was Satan's sin and it was Adam's sin. It is just so beautifully explained there. I was guilty of the same sin.

The Bible also teaches about forgiveness and unconditional love. It is this same love that the Bible teaches us that we are to demonstrate to God. We are to forgive others because they are sinners. The Bible teaches the stoic view of value. Basically that a person should not take pride in their gifts from God (intelligence, good looks), for these things have as much to do with an individual as hair color. Instead, a person should be measured by how much love is in their hearts.

As I learned more and more, I started to accept (dialectically) that even though God may not exist, the Bible is an *effective* model for how we are to conduct our lives. We can choose to believe in God knowing that He is just a model. As I started to do this, I noticed a change in my value system and how things started to make sense. The hypothesis that I had to accept as truth (dialectically) was that the universe was created by a loving God that has a perfect plan for us all. This allowed me to trust in Him and His will and tremendously reduced my endless worries. It is of immense psychological benefit.

As I started to rely on this model for interpretation of what was happening around me more and more, things started to make sense in a way that I never imagined it could. Borderline personality disorder is characterized primarily by a chronic, intensely painful sense of emptiness or lack of meaning.  Suddenly my reality was filled with the greatest meaning of all, love.  I could see it in all of creation, what had to come together so that I could have my little life here on Earth and I started to appreciate it because I believed it came not from meaningless chance but from a loving creator.

Being in the church was also wonderful. I may have been exceptionally lucky in this regard for having fell in with very Christ-like Christians which may not be the norm at all. I could see their love and being among them was critical for me because I had to lean on them to answer all my questions.

Anyway, I fell in love with Jesus and the Christian God. My days are filled with meaning now that I have been hungering for since I first tried to commit suicide at age 12. I love the church. It matters not at all to me that science says He is not real. I still believe that following science one must conclude that He does not exist. I love God and I am grateful that He pulled me out from the Hell that was existence without Him. I see with eyes of faith and love now. There are certainly things that are true that cannot be proven by any means (demonstrated by Godel in his incompleteness theorem).  It matters not one bit to me if He is real or not. I sincerely love the Christian God and Jesus and I know that He loves me and He loves you as well.

Can God make a stone too large for Him to lift? Yes, He can. Then He would proceed to lift it. That's my God.

*TL;DR* - ex-suicidal ex-atheist finds God, falls in love with Him and sings his praises, finds something worth living for."
"Sorry for being here again after more than 6 months. It's spring and it's sunny outside but still, I just want to sleep all day. I find myself listening to these haunting guitar melodies from Alice in Chains (Nutshell) and it make me feel better because it describe how I feel. My life is a bit fucked up right now and I just want to be myself again. I want to be the one with passion and without fear that he may look like a total retard or not when he got to see new people. I took at least one step to try to ease the pain. I got back on Paxil even if I didn't want to, at first because I hated some of its effects. Anyway, it ease the anxiety a bit but still, I have a hard time going out of bed because of apathy. 

I even refused another job because of my apathy and also because I thought (don't know whether it's true or not) I could get a better job in the next few months. I didn't want to end up cleaning a shop all night long for a small wages. Sorry for being filled with so many irrational fears. Sorry for my apathy and fears which stopped me from completing what I had started with an organization dedicated to help people get back to work. I know what's keeping from seriously considering suicide as an option and it's comforting to just thing I could maybe get back on my feet using school as a way to find a good job but while I'm waiting for things to work out as I would like them to, I'm bored and I'm losing hope because I can't be the one I'd like to be."
"I wonder wher a boy has to start....I'm a guy who's pretty much lost all interest in living. I hate waking up in the morning, Wish i just died during the night....Dont really know when these feelings started...maybe around the start of highschool (16yr old Junior) maybe before hand but i have no memory of my ""childhood"" so to speak. I just have no interest in ever aspect of life....Just nothing i look foward to. Too many things that can go wrong, what has already went wrong cant be changed anymore. I've already gone through the crisis unit Bs...I got put on prozac which only makes me feel worse..like a damn emotionless zombie. I cant use my only coping mechanism which was pretty much cutting myself with a razor....I'll remember moreas I go.

Tl:dr Teen wants to die because of his lack of his interest in life.

(Also i've actually already tried killing myself, didnt work and i'm pretty sure how i'm gonna kill myself maybe talking will help me I donyt know anymore.....)

This isnt a throw away account., nothing to hide, email,facebook, you name it. Dont care. Its no secret to anyone...."
"I'm now a two-time dropout from my university. Both times have been due to depression or something else that's caused me not to focus, show up to class, study, have energy, socialize, or do anything else productive that one's supposed to do in college. It's happened early enough that I have basically no educational progress beyond high school aside from college units I earned then (which sort of count--if I ever get better and return to school, I'm told that for an economics major I could get out in 5 semesters with their help).

Unfortunately I don't see myself as ever getting better. I've tried three meds now (from three different psychiatrists--two at home, one briefly this latest time at university), none of which seem to give me enough of a boost to be productive. Therapy doesn't seem to be very effective either. I seem to drive all my friends away since my problems have consumed whatever little interesting attributes or personality I may have had in the past, and they're all moving past me now. I feel guilty about bothering them--they have lives that must be more valuable without me interfering.

I've moved back home... again... it's a place I don't particularly want to be, in large part because it's rather conservative and devoid of jobs compared particularly to more populated parts of this state, like my university's location. Not that I could get a job even if they existed--I have a little bit of experience from the last time I came home after dropping out, but I'm still too awkward, emotional, unskilled, fat, naive, immature, bitter, etc. for anyone to want to hire me. I'd be a liability. This is all a problem since I now have a bit of student loan debt to start paying back, and I should help out with other expenses even if I continue to leech from family for housing. (I'd also need some way to regain insurance coverage to treat this depression, if something helpful still exists.)

I just don't even have the will or energy to bother even attempting to get better anymore. Any efforts are unlikely to pay off, and I'm so far behind in life (even for age 19) that there's really no time for everything to fall at least somewhat into place. It seems like it'd be easier for me to be told right now that I have an actual terminal disease that will kill me for sure within the next few months. People can understand that more than someone dying from terminal depression--suicide, as I have contemplated most days for several years now. (I've also made two gestures, one of which was perhaps sort of an attempt. Both involved a bridge, which I sort of regret not having jumped from already.)

...This whole rant reeks of self-pity, which everyone hates. However, since I've shown myself completely inept at ""pulling myself up"" or similar, either because of lack of ability or because I somehow perversely like taking emotional advantage of people (I'm detached enough from myself that I don't know if this is the case), don't I deserve to die anyway? Sure, it will cause people stress and grief. But I'm causing them all that already with my disappointing excuse for an existence. Why drag their pain and mine out any further?"
"Check my post history if you want a look at how I felt.  I made 2 topics talking about killing myself here in SW.

I had been thinking about killing myself even though I hadn't tried seeing a psych yet because I was in a sort of existential crisis as well.  That is, I thought that even if I got hold of some magic pills that made me not depressed anymore, that life is still pointless and meaningless and I had serious doubts that my life would turn out to be worth living regardless even if I chose to live it out.  

Then a friend convinced me that I should go see a psych anyhow.  He told me that those kind of thoughts only bother me so deeply because I am depressed.  FTR, he also doesn't think there is any higher meaning to life.  That gave me some measure of hope.  I realized that the only reason I wanted to die was to escape the pain of living, but if most of the constant pain were taken out of the equation then I reasoned maybe life would become decent enough to make me not want to check out at least.  And at least that way I wouldn't hurt the people who are close to me by doing it.

So I went.  Been on a starting dose of Prozac for a couple months now about.  (20mg)  

Daily life is completely different.  My friend was right.  I still don't think there is a point to life and that there is no such thing as free will and all of that, but two major things are different.  1) I rarely feel the mindset of depressed thinking creep up on me now, compared to how often it used to.  2) When it does happen, it simply doesn't bother me as much.  Things roll off my back in a way they NEVER did before.

I still get depressed sometimes, but I've only had suicidal thoughts maybe twice in the past couple months, even though life has been kind of rough.  I broke up with my girlfriend of the past ~6 years because I am not sure we are Right for each other.  I still consider her my best friend but I am not sure we belong together.  It is possible we will still get back together if the right things get worked out the right way.  Right now I am just hoping we both grow, and not away from each other.

I only really get really depressed when major shit is going down or sometimes when I get very disappointed.  My psych suggested last time I saw him that I try upping my dose a bit and I didn't want to at the time, but now I think I want to.  I think my dose is enough that normal life doesn't make me depressed but whenever I hit a bump I still can spend a couple days in bed.

I still don't know what I am going to do with my future but I have seen a counselor a couple times lately and he is probably going to help me figure that out.

Also I wasn't really fat before or anything, but I also lost about 25 pounds since the start of the year.  I am getting pretty skinny (in a good way).  Starting to be able to see my abs for the first time in like 3 years.

So life isn't perfect but I guess what mostly changes is your perspective and how you perceive things.  It really makes a big difference.  I am not sure my life will end up where I originally wanted it to (as a Philosophy PhD) but I at least have a little bit of a feeling that I will end up somewhere worth being anyway.

It was a little annoying to find a new psych because I am in a new town and my insurance sucks for getting a doctor to accept it.  So I went to a normal family-type doctor and admitted I was depressed and suicidal and that I wanted to be referred to a psych.  I turned down the first one because according to Google he sounded about as worthless on his reviews as my previous 2 psychs.  Then they found a new one for me that only has positive reviews and I took it.  Great decision on my part to look in to it and make sure I didn't get another crap psych.  That would have discouraged me.  My current psych is very helpful and cares about what I want and what I want to get out of this.  He talks to me and makes sure I am happy with what we are doing.  He is good at asking the right questions to be confident in his diagnosis and also he is good at making me confident in him.

I am writing this because I came here when I was really close to checking out and I really wish somebody had told me these things and gotten through to me sooner.  Hopefully if you are somewhere like where I was you will at least try to see if you don't enjoy life enough to live when you are on meds.  I don't think I am even getting any side effects.  If you won't do it for yourself, at least do it for those who care about you.  You can escape the constant pain without having to really hurt those that you are close to by killing yourself."
"2 years ago, I promised myself that if in 2 years my life hadn't improved, I would kill myself. Those 2 years where truly horrible, especially the winters. 

I still don't work, I'm still afraid to go outside or talk to people. I still can't pay my bills and I still don't know what to do with my life.

I hope that today is the dawn of me trying new things and not taking life so seriously. 

Anyway, happy 27th birthday to me."
"Ever since I was a child, I've been extremely shy. I'd basicly only talk when asked something. Because of being so shy, I had very few friends in high school, if any at all. 

In college, I figured I had nothing to lose, and opened up a bit. I made some friends, went out to clubs and to other places, but never actually enjoyed it. Whenever I'm with my friends I'm still the same non-talkative person. I've known these friends for years now. When I'm with them, they always lead the conversation, all I do is respond to questions, or try my hardest to come up with something to say. The problem is, I don't seem to be able to come up with things to say by myself. I'm not sure why this is, but I do know it's no longer because of the shyness, since I've befriended these people for years.

Because I'm not able to have conversations a normal person would have, I have very few friends, and the chances of someday finding a girlfriend is pretty much non-existant. I've tried talking to new people, but to no avail, I just can't come up with stuff to say. And that's just all I really want, friends and a girlfriend, but I find myself unable to attain these things.

Suicide seems to be the solution. At least it would end my meaningless and asocial existance. I don't really see any way things could get better. 

I guess your answer will be to see a psychologist. I would have no idea what to tell him actually, there's not much more to tell than what I have just written down. Also, we have global healthcare in my country, and since I still live with my parents, it goes directly through them. This means I would have to convice my parents to let me see one, but they'll just mock me at the suggestion.

If you've read through my incoherent wall of text, please feel free to respond. I'm going to bed now and will read any responses tomorrow."
"Like the title says, I submitted my piece before. It was mostly about school and my parents, but now things are getting worse in other aspects of my life. My drinking has become a serious problem. Last night I had some cop trouble and a lot of people I know saw me in a really bad state. As soon as the veneer of my fake personality is stripped away by alcohol, my shitty self is revealed. I am shit. I am not meant to be here. Fuck everyone. Fuck everything. I hate the world and myself more and more all the time. I just want to die. I'm killing myself slowly with alcohol, like so many before me in my family. The one friend who is trying to help is giving me shit about ""don't give up on life. It's the easy way out."" But why try? Nothing feels good, and I do nothing right. I'm fucking garbage and so are you. Fuck the world and fuck this rant. Fuck you. "
"Hey /SW.

I've suffered from depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember. It has sucked, but I've mostly been able to manage it myself. I was doing pretty well up until about a month ago. Something has changed since then, and I don't know what. I have had a couple of panic attacks, they're just come out of nowhere, right in the middle of work or whatever. They're pretty violent, and I'm scared of them. I've been sleeping around 10 hours a day, I'm still exhausted all the time. I'm exercising quite a bit, running a couple miles a day. It isn't helping. Lots of anhedonia - there really isn't anything that I find pleasurable right now. I've been really stressed out by everything for no reason, which has never happened to me before. I've been getting angry at people for no reason, which is new as well. I'm beyond broke, a couple of months behind on bills, and uninsured. I'm fucking frightened of people, can't really open up to anyone.

I've normally soldiered through this kind of stuff, but I just don't want to this time. I can't get thoughts of suicide out of my head. And if the quality of my life does not improve, I don't really see how I won't act on them."
"Only this time it's goodbye. I tried to strangle myself again today and made it further than last time. I either put the laces too high or didn't go tight enough because I was still able to pump blood fine except for when I gulped. Then my adam's apple pulled the laces really tight and I could definitely feel like that was strangling me.

Oh well, lesson for next time.

I've decided to throw everything away and go be homeless for a time. I've got to try something new because I just can't keep going on like this.

So I'm sorry SW, you guys were some of the best people I've met so far. I really regret that I cannot be here for you anymore.

EDIT: Well I'm back. Or more precisely, I never left. I missed the bus I was going to take because it took longer to get to the depot than I thought. The next bus was at 10 pm. I waited, I got bored, I went walking. It was really beautiful out. The wind was warm and gentle, it was sunny and there were trees that were starting to bud. It felt like spring and it was really calm and soothing. The kind of moment you can live for.

I decided that I can always be homeless later. It's probably going to happen anyway because I've not had much luck finding a job. Might as well take advantage of a good situation for as long as one can.

Normally I would put something in here about seeking help but to be honest I'm not going to. I've always resisted going to the counsellors. Even if I do manage to get myself there I always stop going after awhile. There isn't really any reason for it, it's just an impulse that I've not managed to resist. I have little discipline or willpower.

Though part of it is this idea that the healthcare system is overburdened and that my problems seem so little and stupid compared to those in the hospital it seems right to just manage as best as I can.

I was thinking about it a lot last night and I think another reason is that maybe I like a little drama in my life. There is so much pludging through day after day that I feel a little crazy after awhile. I think I want to scream and storm, that I've been holding these things in for a whole lifetime and have never had an outlet and it always comes out eventually somehow doesn't it?

So I'm still here. I will do my best to grow and to listen to others. I will study some philosophy in the hopes of distilling some wisdom useful to me. I will continue to program and study math because it makes my mind sharper.

I think I grew a little a bit. I think I'm a little stronger. Somebody posted a quote from Micheal Jordan about how he succeeds because he repeatedly fails and I think I'm ready for that.

“I have missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I have lost almost 300 games. On 26 occasions I have been entrusted to take the game winning shot .. and missed. And I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why... I succeed.”"
"I need help explaining. I cant do it alone. But theres something wrong if we all feel like this. And it feels like theres no end. There is no more happiness, wasn't built to understand that feeling or something. I'm not suicidal, but I feel so helpless, to myself and everyone who needs help who are just like me. I'm sorry I can't help. Its hard for me to understand in the first place..... "
"I try so fucking hard to get out of this fucking rut but something always comes along and knocks me back down. I was making so much progress, but the harder I try the harder it gets. It's like I wasnt meant to be happy. I'd settle for just being less miserable. I'm seeing a new therapist and it's not working out. They know it and I know it. This is somebody that has known about my situation for years and never really gave a fuck. It never really got past the ""take these magic happy pills and fuck off"" stage. I'm slipping back into old habits and ruining all the work I've done. I'd kill for a drink right now. Why the fuck do I even bother? It's getting harder and harder. I don't know why I'm even posting this"
"As the title states, I really don't. I've battled depression good part of my life roughly 14 years. 
I often look back and see how I helped friends and family during rough periods in my life, I give off this strong exterior and fake smile and sometimes happiness. Alone however the real person behind the show comes out, often lonely and depressed. I was doing ok for a little while; I thought I may have finally won, turns out one month later I'm back to the state of feeling and mind.
I know I will get talk to someone, or reach out to someone, but (and I know it isn't a valid excuse) I doubt anyone would know how to take in how I feel. I once tried to explain it to my wife, but she didn't want to talk about it. So I'd rather not bring my burden to someone.
I think what really makes me more nervous are the suicidal thoughts creeping in my head more and more. I would have passing thoughts of suicide, now it’s very common part of my day, also researching different methods as well. 
I doubt I would do it now, I don't it would be fair to put that type of strain on my mother, but I really do believe that could be an alternative for me.
I'm writing this at work, my job once was an escape almost, now it gives me a lot more time for my mind to wander....."
[removed]
"Sorry I tend to ramble when I type.

I've been going up and down for years though different bad phases. After college I found a job and switched coasts while planning with the girl I was desperately in love with to have her move as well. Instead she took a ton of my money, went to a different city and ended things. I haven't made any social life here after 2 years (never was good at it anyways) and now seem to spend every night drunk and high and alone, so I can avoid my own thoughts and not fall asleep crying. It used to be working out obsessively was my 100% depression and loneliness cure but I'm no longer able to because of back injuries which leave me with fairly constant pain. I can't stop thinking about how dying would be so much easier than this life - every day for 2 years has been an increasing struggle and I'm well separated from any past family or friends.

I managed to get recommended to a new and supposedly well respected therapist; I've never been able to stick with one before. Its been 5 visits but I know way more about his life than he does mine. After the first visit he hasn't ever asked me about my moods or how I'm doing even though I've been declining and getting more self destructive. Next visit wants to start using hypnosis, but I'm confused because all the talks have been about his own life and about how he will teach new tools to manage mine, without ever discussing my life in the first place. If this is what therapy (and SSRIs again of course) is supposed to be like then it seems like I have no choice but to continue with him or die from this.

Can anyone in SW describe what therapy has managed to do for them? It's what I've always been told is the thing I have to do for my problems, but I've never been able to get help from it which is a bad sign.

"
"I have been hit with bouts of suicidal thoughts throughout my life. Most of the time I act like nothing is going on: I am good at keeping my inner feelings and thoughts private. I have had a couple of counciling sessions that went no where in particular. However, talking to someone did help, although that only lasted for a couple of weeks. I guess my depression has gotten much worse lately.

Recently, I have had much stronger urge to go through with this. I don't know why, work pressure maybe, or even changes in my brain chemistry as I grow older. I feel like the bottomless pit of despair, never intended to feel the light of day. I don't feel like I'm escaping, but just letting go. I feel like I can not satisfy my biological 'needs' to carry on living, passing on my genes to the next generation that will surely feel the way I feel.

So today marked my first to consider suicide seriously. Even weighing the cost/benefits of each option.

I am a rational person. Please can anyone suggest any rational arguments against suicide? Or does the logic stipulates that life is composed of meaningless, fleeting subjective experiences?"
[removed]
"I don't know if I can keep going. My life story is riddled with mistakes I've made. I believe a lot of them occurred out of necessity while some out of immaturity and stupidity. As it stands now I'm unemployed, eat 2 meals a day if I'm lucky depending on what I can beg or borrow and have a house for the next 2 weeks. My family think I'm a loser and they keep reminding me of how much it worries them that I'm in this position. It seems so selfish... don't they know I don't want to be in this position? If they're being hurt what do they think it's doing to me?

Even if I can get a job, I probably won't get paid in time to make rent. I'm in a lot of debt. I used to earn good money and when it all came crashing down I couldn't make payments. The only thing that will get me out these problems and trouble is money. I've sold everything I can, including gifts which broke my heart and made me feel like a terrible person. I've borrowed money from friends to keep me going until now but I can't anymore. I feel like I'll just break down at any moment.

I know it will hurt some people if I kill myself but I don't see anyway to get out of this trouble without at least a couple thousand dollars to get me back on my feet and keep me going until I'm working. I've applied for jobs in my field, junior roles, labouring work, call centres and anything else and I'm getting no where. I have no transport. I don't even have credit on my phone to make calls about jobs.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to starve to death or feel so depressed about my life anymore. I know I'm capable of really great things but I feel like I never get the chance to show it. I just want it to stop.

I'm a regular redditor who is happy to reveal my usual account name for any verification purposes if you PM me.

**Thanks so much for the replies, questions, hope and private messages**

I've posted in r/AskReddit, r/Linux and r/Melbourne under this username looking for work as suggested."
"Hi all.

Some background: we're both 15, and in a good school. She text'ed me recently, after she was medically diagnosed for co-morbid depression but, I quote, ""that could develop into anything else right now"". I assume she is on anti-depressants right now.

She's only been diagnosed recently, but I'm sure it stems way back. She started losing weight really rapidly 2 to 3 years back. Her thighs are as thick as her calves, and her BMI's hovering around 14. She admitted to being a bulimic. She's been back on a proper diet for some time now, but it's not helping her weight. 

She confided that when she was 10, she spent hours everyday in tears because of some ""depressive family issues"". And in her words, ""I was too young to figure it was a problem then. That's why, it's showing up a bit now."" It's *not* sexual abuse, I'm sure. I didn't pry, because if she used ""family issues"" to generically bring it across, I'm not about to re-open the wound.

She's a Christian; I'm not. She came to terms with being a homosexual some time last year. It still affects her that it clashes with her religious beliefs. Again, in her words, ""the biggest rebellion was probably the day I got a girlfriend, 'well now I know I'm definitely doing something wrong'"".

She thinks living is too tiring. I'm pretty sure it's her depression at work. In her words, ""I'll live till my sixteenth birthday, for sure, that's a checkpoint"". I don't doubt her words; she's been thinking about it long enough, to carry through. If she feels that's best, maybe it is?

I feel like I should be alerting her family to this, but I'm not sure they'd understand. And I don't want her, to be even more stressed out. (Her parents are protective. Yet, in retrospect, I wonder why they haven't seen the signs.) 

I don't feel like I've adequately put it across. I've tried to keep this short; ask if you need more info. 

I don't want to lose her. But, I don't have the right to keep her living in misery, do I?

tl;dr - she's depressed. And sucidal. And probably wouldn't live 'till her seventeenth birthday if I just sit back and watch. Read the damn thing, it isn't even that long ;)"
I have had chronic back pain for the last 3 years. The only thing that provides relief is heavy opiates and not doing any physical activity. I cant get opiates anymore so i am always in pain. I can't hold a job and am living with my parents. Next time I get enough money I am just gonna try and find enough dope to end it.
"i'm super depressed, chronically suicidal.  i was hospitalized 3 days last week.  i spend hours every day thinking about my death.  today has been a particularly bad day and i've been engaged in slow overdose.  6-10 pills of this or that at a time, lost track of it, very tired.  i guess i can't get up the courage to do it in one shot.  how should i survive this weekend?  should i even try?"
"I've posted here once before under a different guise, but for some reason I feel like I should start over fresh.

I turn 19 in a couple of weeks and I'm about ready to end all of this. It seems like no matter how hard I try, this negative pull, or this painful emptiness never leaves me permanently. I used to be very healthy and lived a very good life until I broke up with the love of my life/best friend of 5 years. It has been about a year now and no matter how hard I try, I always fall into my depressed state; I literally believe I'm going crazy, there's no way this is all a consequence of my break up? I have dated other women, taken time to try and be comfortable being alone, been involved in my favorite sports... but they're all temporary fixes at best. I'm doing poorly in school at the moment, I'm beginning to hate my job, and the choices I have been making. I know that she still thinks of me and loves me, and so does my family, and those are the only reasons I am still around, but I'm starting to believe that I am suffering too much  to think about their comfort anymore. I still have trouble being alone sometimes and think about her every day. I am pathetic. I have no trouble being social, I am a good looking athletic guy and used to be a 4.0 student, but now I don't know what I am. I've been thinking of enlisting just to find something to do with my life where my emotions are nullified. 

If any background information is needed, here it is: I grew up in a loving large family, except my father left when I was a baby, so maybe there's something to think about. 

So PLEASE SW, save me from myself. I'm scared..

Edit: Thank you all for your support; I've read some very insightful stuff and I really am trying to just keep moving and be involved in life. I do know that I need to stop dwelling and I guess I needed a reality check. I just hope that I can stop these episodes.. "
"It's my birthday today. I don't have one real friend. I am home alone with my drunk mother. She was a doctor, now she is a drunk child like bitch. My dad is dead. My 3 sisters live here as well as my brother. They are out having a good time wasting money. The business I made for my mother is being thrown away because she supports all the kids and I still have to give to help out. She sleeps all day and I have no idea how the business even runs anymore. They are all younger. I currently make 25k a year and I just lost my job. It gets wasted. The house is shit. I paid 40k (all our savings) to get an addition on the house and 2 years later it is unusable. It is falling down. Like it is unsafe to use that part of the house. The people I live with are scumbags. They are monsters. Hair in the tub tampons on the corner of the tub used!!! Plates everywhere. Dog piss everywhere becasue my scumbag brother cant take his dog out. I dont have a car because I let my family use it and they crashed it. I cant afford anything. I cant get a job. ... I am done.

Tell me what to do. I need a change TONIGHT! Or I Die. I have $1700 Cash"
"Heart is still beating. I can't keep doing this shit.. No more posts on SW. Thanks for responding, but I've got to do this shit on my own now."
"I am 14 right now and will be turning 15 on Easter next month, I've been on reddit for almost a year now. Today I finally brought myself to tell anyone about myself. Since 7th grade ( I am in 9th grade right now) I have had suicidal thoughts, and the main reason for them is that I am ugly. Being ugly hurts me a lot, I am not obese or anything but I am not skinny either, I have been slowly losing weight but it is pretty hard for me because I truly dislike foods like vegetables. Now this may sound extremely stupid but another reason that contributes to me being ugly is my hair (yes my hair, stupid I know...) It is very dry and grows unevenly, I tried cutting it short but it just grows back quickly and is still dry even though I use shampoos and stuff made for my kind of hair, maybe it is because I towel dry? I cant let it air dry because it wont stay in the form I want it to.For these reasons I have avoided hanging out with the friends I have, all these years I haven't played sports or asked friends to hang out. I feel really embarrassed in public and I talk as little as possible when I am with my friends at school so I can hide the way I look when I smile. I have never kissed a girl, held a girls hand, or had a girlfriend. The only girl that I talk to a lot now is a girl I met on youtube who lives in the same city as me! We have been friends for over a year and hung out once, which I was dead worried about because she is very pretty, when we went to the movies. I have been talking to her a lot and I think she might like me. This is where being ugly fucks everything up. I know we already hung out once but it was over a year ago and she most likely forgot what I look like. I feel extremely terrible at the thoughts of me hanging out with her again and her regretting the decision to hanging out. Every night I go to bed wishing I don't wake up. I have lived with my dad my whole life and am currently living with him and my sister, If I looked different life would be great. I can't enjoy anything right now because I am in constant pain from being sad. After spending most of my time on the internet, I know that I am pretty well educated and it has helped me a lot with education at school. I would give almost everything I know up just to change the way I look. I have thought about suicide long and hard, the only real reason I haven't killed myself yet is because of how sad it would make my dad. If I decide to take my life I would make it look accidental. Being an ugly kid is absolute torture, I have been missing out on everything that teenagers are supposed to do. I can't make 3 more years of living like this, something has to change.    

If you took the time to read this, thank you. Even if you have nothing to say, I still appreciate it that you took the time to read what I had to say. It may seem a little confusing but if you are wondering about anything, just ask me.  Thanks again"
"This is going to be long but it is worth the read.

I grew up as a normal kid, I got addicted to computers.

In highschool I was popular, I dressed/look like what someone would say 'goth' but I don't mean to seek attention.

I did drugs in highschool, I had girlfriends, everyone knew me etc all that crap

I dropped out in 11th grade. I was on the internet a lot those days. 
I picked up hacking as a hobby. I went from retarded person to more professional than people who were into that stuff for years. I lost all my friends around this time.

I stopped talking to irl people, I got too carried away into the internet, I started being a troll on the internet, I was hacking, I was doing all this crap. I've been visited by the FBI. I dress and look like someone out of a japanese rock band, I'm mature, girls like me, I'm everything you wouldn't expect if you met me. I keep things very secretive. 

My gosh this is so hard to explain I'm not sure how this will end.

So in 2009 I picked up on making money on the internet. I'm still into it and I make more money than I need, it's cool, but money isn't everything.

So anyways, right now I'm just...really bored with life. I'm tired of the internet. I'm tired of having two real life friends that I talk to on a daily basis. I'm so fucking SICK AND TIRED OF MY LIFE.

NOTHING MAKES ME HAPPY.
MONEY DOESN'T MAKE ME HAPPY.
I DON'T FEEL SEXUALLY ATTRACTED TO ANYONE RIGHT NOW.

I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO.

I just want to fall in love or something, fuck. But there is no girl that is like me. It is so hard for me to make friends because I'm really different. Everyone is weirded out if I tell them that I'm an ex-hacker or that I enjoy trolling and they're scared of me and they think I'm an asshole. I hate people. I want people like me. I want to meet a girl who likes the same things I do.

I'm not making anything about this up. I am honestly a fucking genius. I have money. I have it all, it doesn't make me happy. 

I'm so blah tonight. I don't know what to do. I want to escape to someplace. This is a dupe account and I don't want anyone to know who I am. 

Sometimes I want to kill myself but I know there is more to life than this.

All I do everyday is sit on the internet, make money, listen to music, talk to people, play video games and I am fucking SICK OF IT.

:(

I really lost it tonight. Told everyone I fucking hate them and I'm sick of them.

I need help, I want to know what to do and what path to follow.

I will post my picture if you really want me to but I'm gonna blur my face out if anything. 


PS: I've been told I am attractive. My age is 19. I live in the U.S. I'm average weight and height. 


"
"I offered to be available to someone for private conversation. It went ok at first but after awhile I found I had to take more and more of the leading of the conversation, which became harder as time went by. 

Eventually I revealed my difficulty, which upset him, I think because it made him feel like he was being a burden on me, or because I made him feel pressured. So now he isn't talking to me anymore.

I've decided to stop posting. I want to be here, to be of assistance, but I really don't know what to say to you to be helpful."
"Apologies for the lack of a better title, it isn't an attempt to make light of the situation or the work of this subreddit.

As of the last 6 months or so I've been having rather extreme ups and downs in my mood, where I go from being content to drowning in a sea of woe, self-loathing and self-pity. But it keeps getting worse. When I come ""back up,"" I'm never quite as content as I once was, and when I go back down I always go down further. I wake up every morning disappointed to still be alive.

I don't know how, but I've managed to hide this from my friends and family.

What scares me most is this creeping pervasiveness, almost like a voice, telling me to end my life. Every time I go down, it seems like a better idea. This started about two months ago, after I had a particularly poor semester in college. 

I bought a package of razors and I'm currently looking at them on my desk.

I'm too embarrased, ashamed to tell anyone.

Thanks for listening."
"Reddit, I've read a lot of suicideWatch and Depression the last few weeks. I'm not special; just one of the millions of people out there suffering. In fact, I should know better. I've been through this.

I've been in and out of therapy for 10 years. I've been off and on prozac and other SSRIs. I respond well to them, and don't even suffer sexual side effects (though I do crave chocolate when on them). I do well in structured environments where I have a goal or accomplishment (grades, job performance, beating a system), when I get regular exercise and eat well. I'm narcissistic. Both depression and narcissism run in the family - I have the weirdest relationship with my grandmother.

I've been professionally successful, even wrote a book once, used to have a huge social circle and several women who thought I was hot stuff. I've had good, healthy long term relationships (5 years, 1 year), even in the midst of depressive cycles. I've been in great physical health.

I have a huge fear of being trapped; that fear dominates my life. I will regularly throw away everything I have (physically, socially, and in terms of identity) and attempt to start over. I know this stems from my childhood; my parents moved every few years, and so I fear everything getting taken away from me arbitrarily. To 'control' my life, I move even more often than they did.

So here I am. I know all of these things about myself, I know how to deal with my problems, face my fears. And...

I haven't gotten out of bed in two weeks. I'm barely eating. I've lost all interest in sex or self improvement. I sleep 12-14 hours a day. I read (books and reddit) or just sit and think the rest of the time. Nobody, friends or family, have heard from me in weeks, unless they email me, in which case I tell them everything's fine but don't give any details. Most have stopped calling or writing. I'm far away from them too, and although I know how to make friends very quickly, I'm not doing it.

This is the worst depressive cycle I've ever been in. Rather than the stereotypical 'sadness,' it's manifesting in apathy, inaction and indecision. I don't feel sad; I don't usually consider it to be a problem (years have therapy have taught me: most things are only a problem if you think they're a problem). I've got enough savings to life like this for another year. I spend most of my time thinking about reasons to live; if I only had some goal or mission or purpose or passion that was worthwhile, that I could organize my life around, that would provide a reason to better myself.

Part of thinking so much implies that I have every rationalization for why I should or should not be getting help. It's stupid, I can see that it's stupid, but I'm not picking up the god damn telephone and making a call that would likely start to get me back on track. I know a million reasons why and yet I don't know why at all.

It's not that I'm suicidal in the traditional sense of the word. I just ... am not living either. I don't seek death, but I'm not avoiding it. But I may be doing permanent damage to my health and career and loved ones, and I ... just don't care.

In summary, I've thrown everything away and have no reason to live. 

Sorry to rant, especially because I should know better than this, and I'm not strictly suicidal."
I posted a few days ago and several people tried to help me. I approached my parents about medical marijuana and that was huge mistake I am now homeless in addition to my other problems. Thanks for trying to help. If my situation doesnt improve by friday I've decided my best course would be a bullet in my head.
"There's nothing particulary noteworthy of me. I have friends. We live an average teenage life. I have a tight group of friends, we have fun, play video games, have parties, drama, drugs, the lot. In fact, my life is pretty good. I was born in the US, but have got to live in foriegn countries because of my parents' work, got to live a comfortable life, become an able musician, excel at computer science, and cultivate lots of potential all around. Pretty awesome, now that i think about it.

But for the past 6 months, ive been pondering life. in general. I'm not THAT good at anything. i wont make a significant impact with anything i do. I'll just live my life, have some good times, have some bad times, laugh it off, live life to the fullest i want it to be. And die. really. and so will it for billions of others. but why bother with the decades in between if the end result is going to be the same? if you think about death, it's sort of a nice escape from all of it. No work to keep up with, no one to disappoint. Sure, there would be no more good times, but what would i care, im dead. i would have no emotions. i would have no regrets. its a perfect little escape into not having to do anything ever again. even if in my future they came up with some way with which you could evade death for all eternity, i dont think i would go for it. Death sounds pretty comforting, and is waiting for everyone with open arms.

now, i also came to the conclusion that, hey, im 16, i could be completely wrong here. so im going to talk about it with a few people. and then i found this place, so it looked like a wonderful place to post.

I'd just like to say, that this is no little slump in my life. Ive been thinking about it for 6 months. Perhaps even a year. I'm not seeking attention. I'm not trying to get someone to regret something. I just think it would be nice. What are your thoughts on that? What's your reason for going through with life? I really am interested.

I'm gonna post this, then head to bed, and wake up tomorrow to see what's been posted. I plan to end myself sometime in the 2 week range, so you have time to post and convince me, no worries.

night night!

edit: typos, grammar"
"So, I've  feeling pretty isolated lately, I decided to sign up and have a bit of a debate in regards to Christianity and people's freedom of choice in regards to religion. I just got done vomiting from this person's ignorance. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/bffy9/religion_treat_its_like_your_genitalia/c0mlnuf?context=3
Here's our entire debate ^ ^ It's not really worth checking out


EDIT: Wow.

I really should have edited this sooner, or rather just not posted that last bit of my hatred filled ramblings.

My posts in the thread above are horribly disorganized and full of anger and information that's unrelated to the topic of my depression (Although it does address many reasons for my depression, there is a lot of other shit thrown in too) I don't want to cut up what I posted previously and try to hide the parts that are full of my aggression and lack of civility.

TL:DR = My entire life and the state of the world feels as if God has forsaken me and my fellow man. People continue to worship this God and leave the fate of our species in his hands rather than feel as if they have power in themselves to make the world a better place. I feel as if I have no greater good in life and that my existence will ultimately amount to nothing seeing as how I can never fix the endless list of shit that is wrong with the world, and if there is a God, he doesn't want to fix it. 

All in all, I'm a spiritually confused person who is full of both hate and love and it is tearing me apart inside.


Sorry to have wasted anyone's time with the bullshit I had put here earlier. "
"I typed this on my phone, sorry if it sucks. I don't know how to describe what I feel like tonight... I thought of a few metaphors, but none of them are much good. I am reminded of Nietzsche from thus spake zarathustra, where he said something like ""How could you be reborn anew if you were not first reduced to ashes?"" Except I am constantly reducing myself to ashes, and all I have to show for it is that my cries of pain are muffled by the soot, with no rebirth in sight. I feel like I've been stabbed nonfatally, but help won't arrive for years and I want to push the knife in further so that at least the pain will stop. I feel like my rational mind is a horde of lilliputians trying to tie down the Gulliver of my irrational self to stop it from rampaging through my internal world the next time it becomes provoked. I hate myself and consider myself a failure, but I don't know why. Rationally some people hate me, others care about me, and most are indifferent, just like it is for most people. Lots of people tell me I am smart, hard working and kind. But I don't believe them. I feel like the people who don't hate me either don't know enough about my failings yet, or, for the people for whom this is implausible, that they must either be lying, or they are totally inexplicable and unjustified in their opinion, as though they were telling me they believed in pixies. I continually berate myself for minor indiscretions, sometimes years after they happened and are long forgotten by everyone else. I have failed socially and I don't know why, so I attempt to use these as explanations. In reality, it's probably because I am too shy to make the first move with people, and somehow implicitly think that people not calling or talking to me first implies hatred or disinterest in me. I know this is crazy at some level, but at another I don't really. I have been subjected to scorn and ridicule behind my back constantly my whole life, so now I only trust that people who insult me to my face, because at least they are probably telling me what they tell to everyone else. I keep trying to change my personality to be better, more fair, more intelligent, more likable, less hasty, more decisive, make less mistakes, be more considerate, be less unreasonable, be more confident, have better posture, be less envyous and jealous, stop obsessing about yourself and your inadequacies, etc. But I always seem to fail, to the point where I despair of ever succeeding. I think about suicide much of the time at night, though I would never really do it. I don't know what to do. All the rational thought and problem solving logic in the world doesn't seem to avail me anything now, and that's really all I have going for me... I feel like just giving up on other people and trying to live without friends entirely, but everyone I know says that that would just make things worse and I am inclined to agree... but I just feel trapped in myself, and I can't think of what else I could possibly do to make myself not feel this way anymore. I don't even understand why I do. Sorry for making you indulge my pathetic self pity. Carry on."
"I don't know what sort of response I expect from this, but here it goes.  For the past couple months since I broke up with my girlfriend life only seems to get bleaker and bleaker.  I've always been pretty depressed, but this has really thrown me into a tailspin.  What's really giving me trouble is the fact that I broke up with her.  I did this to myself.  I've come to see that my depression made me fail to realize how much I had, and how much I loved her.  I'm never content and I had the same ""maybe it will be better if i change something"" mode.  All i can think about is how much she loved me and how terrible the moment of the breakup.  She begged me to not do it, and now i can't forgive myself.  I miss her so much.  She was essentially everything i could want in a partner.  She was so perfect that I feel like i have nothing left.  I had validated my existence by being with her.  Now all I feel is intense regret.  Lately all I do is read about suicide and think about ways of doing it.  The only thing that's stopping me is the thought of my family, but things only seem to be getting worse.  I'm really lost

edit:  It's only getting worse.  how the fuck do you deal with this!?  the world is a dark fucking place.  i'm about to lose it"
"I just wanna say thank you to all the people who post in this subreddit. Kinda random I know, but thanks. It helps a lot. "
I needed to say something to someone before I do what I'm going to do.  Reddit has been like a family to me for 2 years and I want say goodbye to someone.  I finally got a gun and today I loaded a full clip.  I can't tell you how ashamed I am for what I am about to do.  I always tried to be strong but thats just not who I am.  Thank you for giving me some relief in between my wild mood swings....this is one of the few thing that could make me laugh and something I will truly miss.  
"I made a post here under a different username about 6 months ago.

I don't have the energy to explain everything in detail, so I'll make this short and vague.

I've made a lot of progress in some of the advice I was given, not much in others.  I've met up with a few different people through online dating sites, but I haven't really connected with any of them.  I get so tired of faking my personality.  I've tried out a few different hobbies, but I don't have any passion for any of them.  All I really want to do is go to sleep and have everyone forget I ever existed.

I spend all of my time alone thinking of ways to make my suicide look like an accident.  I have a few different ideas and as soon as I find an answer I'm happy with, I'm done.  

I'm not even sure why I'm posting this.  I feel like I already know what you're going to say."
Not sure I even feel sad anymore. Just all the same almost. You know? 
[removed]
"Reddit I know i need help. I've been depressed to the point of being suicidal for going on 6 years now, maybe longer it's hard to remember how long I've been like this. I'm 23 and I want to die. I'm very introverted and can't bring myself to tell the people close to me that I want to kill myself. Everyday I dream of not having to wake up tomorrow and continue with this farce. I feel like I'm forcing myself through life. My school work lately has been suffering drastically because somedays (weeks) I'm too depressed to bother with it. 

Being an atheist I believe death is final, there is no afterlife, and I honestly think this belief is the only thing that's kept me from doing something drastic years ago. 

So for any of you who might have gone through this, how did you manage to finally tell someone and get help?"
"Like I said, I'm not sure if this is the right place, but I figured you guys would be best suited to help.

I'm not suicidal. I'm posting on behalf of a friend who is also not suicidal. Let's call him bob. It's his dad we're worried about. I'm only posting this here because he doesn't know what to do, and we need some perspective.

Some backstory: Bob's dad, not more than a year ago, ran a multi-million dollar corporation that he had built from the ground up. He made great money, and worked hard. Early last year, he decided he was going to retire. Before doing so, he made a deal to sell his client list to his close friend and business associate. Unfortunately, he didn't draw up a contract before doing so.

Before he could get his accounts in order, his ""friend"" had used the client list to take all of his clients, and business. Bob's dad tried to sue, but without a contract, there was nothing the court could do. To make matter's worse, the ""friend"" then counter-sued, and won $2.5 million. That was everything Bob's dad had in savings. All the family's money. His business was gone. All he had left was his house, which would so be gone too, without money to pay the mortgage.

A few days ago, out of the blue, Bob's dad told him where all the valuables in the house were (cash, diamonds, emeralds, etc.), and gave Bob a list of instructions on what to do if anything ever happened to him. This was odd, but didn't worry bob until yesterday, when his dad asked for a ride to the barber, for a haircut, and to the store, for some sleeping pills.

Now, Bob isn't sure what to make of this, but is worried his dad may do something drastic. Is it at all possible that this was purely innocent? Should we be concerned?"
"I now have two misdemeanors in California. I have no clue how much trouble I'm in. I cannot talk to my parents because they are emotionally detached and succumb to their anxiety whenever confronted with serious issues. I've never connected with my father and my mother just seems to be depressed in life. I love them but whenever I need them they let me down. Sometimes I feel like dirt. Sometimes I feel like I have no one in this world who would love me. I had a three year relationship with a wonderful girl but she ended up leaving me for another guy.

I miss having somebody who I can always depend on. I cannot live this life alone for much longer. I try to be 'normal' but I just can't do it. I hate the 'normal' ways. I hate how everyone around me acts like there are no problems in the world. People do not take life seriously. Neither do I. 

I want to believe that mankind is just a long developed form from a single cell-- but I just can't escape the subjective impact of my life. Sometimes I wish I had no connections and could just start over, but then again, I would enter a very deep depression due to the loneliness. I feel like a loser. I smoke. Alcohol is my best friend. In a way I am committing a very slow suicide. But what does it matter if I die in my 80's or in my late 60's? Death is nothing. Death is blankness. Death is just the computer shutting down... no pain, no awareness.. just a total shut down."
[removed]
"He doesn't seem melodramatic about the whole affair, just resolute. From what I understand, it has something to do with losing his long distance girlfriend. He said that the six months were to ""see how things went"", which I can only assume is just his way of making sure that things aren't completely helpless. Of course, there's no way for me to know if he actually carried anything out now or in six months from now, which really has me worried. Help?"
"I've posted on here a few times (see [my previous posts](http://www.reddit.com/user/unsoothedsoul/submitted/)).  I quit my job almost 10 months ago.  When I did, I basically had the intention of blowing all my money and then killing myself.  I didn't go on a massive spending spree, but it still applies.  I never had any intention on applying for another job.  I don't think I will, either.

I'm on two medications right now.  One that's a mood stabilizer (Lamictal) ; it doesn't seem to be doing anything.  The other (Vyvanse) is to treat ADD.  The first few days I was on the latter, I got energy and felt focused.  I even was somewhat productive.  It didn't last.  I don't think any medication will help me.  I've just come to the conclusion that it's me.

I keep thinking about how I should just accept death.  Since I quit my job, I've used up 2/3 of my savings.  I know I don't have much money left, but I don't think I have any intention for getting a job.  I realize I did this to myself.  I'm not even sure why I'm writing this.  I keep going over these thoughts.  With no work, I can't live.  That's what it comes down to.  I have no intention on working, so I don't have any options left.  I'm starting to get chills from writing this, so I guess I'll end here."
"I just got dumped after a 2+ year relationship. I'm sad about it, but that's not why I feel ready to kill myself. The fact is, I was suicidal the whole time I was in the relationship, but one of the factors that kept me from doing it was knowing that it would traumatize my girlfriend for life if her boyfriend killed himself. Now that we've broken up, I think the impact on her would be substantially reduced, and I feel liberated to kill myself. Unfortunately, I have no idea how -- it seems the only sensible way is by gunshot, and it seems nearly impossible to get my hands on a gun.

I'll likely remain alive as a result of lack of method &amp; lack of the ingenuity and skills to pull one together. But if I did have a method, I think I'd be pursuing it."
[removed]
I think I might be depressed. I keep thinking its the right thing to do. It ends pain and has no side-effects. 
"Please see my reply here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bizmh/why_do_mods_delete_my_posts_from_this_subreddit/c0n08q2
"
"I'm a junior in high school, about to take my ACTs in a couple weeks. According to the pretests and teachers and guides, I should get a 31. 

But I realized yesterday I'm failing Pre-Calculus. I've always done really poorly in math classes, but never gone below a C. I'm usually a straight A student.

Well, then my mom found out and shit hit the fan.

My life is suffocating me. As the inhabitant of a small southern town and a liberal atheist, I don't fit in. I'm told I'm handsome by a lot of people, girls flirt with me, but I really think I'm ugly. Apparently, I'm intelligent. As you can tell from my body metrics, I'm very lithe, but people say I wear it well. 

I've always had really low self-esteem. I've always, even as a young child, told myself I was worthless. I lived my first months in a homeless shelter, because my parents were too proud to live with their parents. My parents were both 19 when I was born. Neither finished high school. Never married, and separated when I was three. Me and my mom lived together in a small apartment without a car or anything. 

When I turned six, we moved in with my grandma for a year. Then my mom bought a small house. Later that year, she started seeing my future stepdad, who she went to high school with. He seemed nice. They got married, and it was great. Then he got in a car crash and it rattled him. They've had two kids since then. I love them. But my stepdad exists only to bring in money through manual labor and hold it over everyone's head while mom finishes college. 

Every night, there is screaming and crying and fighting. And every night, my neighbor, a socialite at school, hears this. Everyone knows why I'm so glacial. I cut out my emotions to try and survive the crushing sadness of watching my mom stream tears regularly because this damaged bastard won't spare any kindness. I only feel hatred and sadness and faked happiness. 

Where has my dad been? He hooked up with my psychotic stepmom and they had twin girls. From ages 6-15 I went there every Wednesday night and every other weekend, and I hated it. I love my dad. For all his flaws, he can be a great guy. But my stepmom made sure we never got to spend time together. I love my twin sisters. But when I realized dad was taking my money from the wallet and bank, then stole my laptop he got me for Christmas, I just stopped going. Quit cold turkey.

My mom is terrible. All she does is yell. She is borderline bipolar. When she gets mad about every little thing, she gets to the point of opening and slamming doors, banging her fists on the walls, spasms and screaming. She takes a lot out on me. I mostly stay in my room to get away from it all. Isolated. 

I've been severely depressed for years, and took Zoloft for awhile. I don't let on how I feel, because I don't want to make anyone's life even more stressful. Not even my closest friends know how dark and ill I've become. There is no one I can talk to.

Now life is caving in around me. I keep getting told how my life is ruined, I'll never get into college. I tell myself there's a rabbit hole I can hop through and never deal with it again."
"Sorry for the whining rant but I'm at wits end.I've taken care of people all my life,I considered it too important to even stop and have a family. I was born with a job,my family was still actively grieving a child lost a year before and were too emotionally distant for the horribly sensitive child that I was.Child abuse,horribly painful shyness,I don't know if that's the right word. I had good grades,etc,ad nauseum,did what I thought was best,what I was supposed to do,what I thought would lead to that happy brick house with the fence and light haired little twats. Somehow veered by all that,the abuse I suffered as a child came back to haunt me,I couldn't work,my ""friends"" blamed me. I asked for help for mainstream medicine for depression or whatever it was,they fucked me up with every drug known to man,quite a few that are banned now and here's some brain damage for you,sorry we can't do the ice pick lobotomy but here's some ECT. Education,you were educated? So much for that. Now you have swiss cheese for a brain and we will yell at you and castigate you when you show signs of this.
Finally see Psychiatrist I liked,he understands,I'm thinking,maybe I should rethink my aversion to main stream medicine and trust him,he is the best.......he goes away on vacation and shoots his fucking head off,so much for that. Sorry to sound so selfish,what kind of massive pain he must have been in to do that. But I can't comprehend that.Now I've had a serious health issue happen and have problems thinking that lead me to believe I'll be in diapers in a geri chair watching a price is right from 1970,drooling in my bib before long.I'm sitting here,yes disabled,wasting space,trying to think of anything helpful to do and coming up empty,hiding in my house.
My life has not turned out anything like I've thought it would,too much loss,too much hurt. I don't know if this makes any sense at all. Please I'll respond to any advice,don't send anyone here,that would only make things phenomenally worse."
"I'm 23, I dropped out of high school at 16. My anxiety and depression have ruined relationships with my friends and girlfriends. I'm pretty sure I have Avoidant Personality Disorder. I fit every bit of it. I don't feel like there's any hope of saving myself. I can't bring myself to get a job, or GED, or do anything helpful for myself. All I do anymore is drink. I think about killing myself from morning to night. It's always the same, just want to put a gun to my temple and pull trigger. I can't remember a time when I ever felt like I wasn't worthless. This probably just seems like a big rant, but I needed to get it out somewhere. I don't know if I'll come back to this post, it's hard enough to post it. It helps that I'm drunk."
"I'm a 22 year old gay male.

I was diagnosed as HIV+ 1 1/2 years ago.

My family rejected me because I was gay, though they are dealing with it better now. However, they don't know of my HIV status.

In the past weeks, I was hospitalized for a staph infection. As a result, I lost my job and had to move back home with my parents to a very rural area. Also, because I had no insurance at the time, I'm now $30,000 in debt for a 4 day hospital visit.

I've been home for over a month with no job prospects. My family gets more aggravated with me every day because I'm not working. I'm afraid to tell them about my HIV status for fear they might reject me and kick me out again... after which I have no other place to go.

In addition, no one wants to date me... even more so where I live now with my parents. There are very *very* few people with HIV in my area. The only ones I've been able to find are over ten years older than myself... and don't seem to appealing in any manner. The moment I have brought it up, any potential suitors run... sometimes literally.

I never wanted to live my life alone, however I've never felt more alone in my life. I want to be loved, but anyone who knows me, and knows I'm HIV+ runs. 

I take my HIV pills every day to keep me alive, but I feel like a suck on society... costing them thousands every month while I'm not contributing back. It's not fair to society to support me when I have nothing to offer in return. 

I don't have money to go back to school, and am already behind on the student loans I had before, meaning I can't apply for financial aid to go back to school until those are caught up. Yet I can't catch up because I can't find work.

The idea of suicide being selfish has no effect on me. After the help I've asked for and been denied because it was too much of an inconvenience for others... it has caused me so much pain and grief. 

I'm already on anti-depressants, and have been on them for 6 months now. They have had no effect on my desire to just die, and be done with the matter. I wanted to die before my life went down the tube the past few weeks... but now it's only intensified. Any past activities that used to make me happy, only intensify the feeling that I just want to be gone and dead. 

This is as much as I can bear to write for now. Please Advise.

**Edit 3/30/10:**
Thank you everyone for the ideas, thoughts, and confidence. I will certainly be taking things one at a time, and will try out a short term goal of moving to a larger city here soon."
[removed]
[removed]
"I've been lonely, depressed, and pretty isolated for the most part of however long I've been alive. I've made many attempts to change that but I've just ended up with a seperation anxiety because every relationship I've ever had, social or romantic, has ended in me losing all contact with those people over time. Sometimes it's things that are my fault, sometimes it's perfectly understandable, but I can't shake this feeling that nobody in life is permanent no matter how much I want something stable in my life. I tried to talk to my girlfriend about my depression and wandering thoughts earlier and she just stopped talking to me altogether. Nowadays, it feels like the selfish people are the ones who want to put you throw the pains of life not the people who choose to die."
"From what I understand people I have chatted to suggest that they enjoy life - get more pleasure than hurt out of it. Beyond that, there are responsibilities and religious reasons. 

Are there any other reasons? Is there a point to living? If you could choose whether or not to be born (pre-existence?) would you honestly choose to do so? I'm sure I wouldn't. "
"the history of this username is probably enough. I'm actively drunkk and taking pills. I am trying to knock myself out. I will spell check after I post - just tring to get it out there first. 

BTW: SW MODS - please talk to the admins about us - people who create a username for the purpose of posting here and don't ,make  us have to capthca and have a reply every 10 mintues rule. You, as mods can take care of true spam, but onetime usermnames are commonplacehere and really need to be able to bypass this. "
"I don't care anymore so I'm going to just tell reddit everything. Its too difficult for me to tell someone face to face. I told one friend partially about my problems but he hasn't followed up. Like other posters here, I don't want to burden him or anyone else in my life. 

For the past few months, my depression has gotten worse and worse. I am disappointed every time I get on an airplane and successfully reach my destination. I always imagined accidents happening to me to bring death, even if its slow and painful. After my surgery, I now have prescribed narcotics (my last refill). I've been seriously tempted to overdose on them twice so far. It was relaxing to count the number of  pills over and over again. The other times I take them to sleep. The low point was last winter, when a student at my school committed suicide. I was scared because that could have been me. I tell myself I would never do this to my family and friends. I would never hurt them or make them cry. But I really fear that in the future, in a moment of weakness and selfishness, I am capable of forgetting the people who care. 

How is it that my emotions can change so quickly? I can go from smiling and happiness to feelings of suicide and depression in an instant. When I am around my friends, I feel fine and normal, but whenever I am alone, I feel like shit. I am unhappy with myself and no longer think I can change. I don't want to bother trying anymore because I know I will fail again someday. Right before this, I came up with plans to change but who the fuck am I kidding? Its not going to work as I've already failed  today. 

I am a terrible student with no motivation. I don't deserve to be in the university I am right now. I cheated my way through high school. I lie to my parents about my grades. I tell my parents I am going to law school just so they don't worry. I lie to my parents who are devout Christians about going to church every Sunday. I've become agnostic since the last two years. I don't want to disappoint them. My dad immigrated over 20 years ago and works a tough job to support me even in his old age. I think my brother molested me when I was younger, but I'm not even sure as the memory is fuzzy. It could be something I just fucking made up to get attention or to feel sorry for myself. 

I've been a sick pervert ever since middle school. Porn doesn't seem to be a big deal to everyone else on Reddit. I got caught masturbating by my roommate multiple times last year. I even did it many times at night when he was sleeping in the room. I feel sick for fantasizing with the women I interact with at school. I smile at them, say Hi, act like a good person to them. Then I go home and fantasize about raping them. I look at this part of myself and absolutely despise it yet I don't stop. I feel guilty for losing my virginity as its only made everything worse. I still think about her a lot even though its been over 2 years. Its pathetic I'm still not over her. What makes all of this worse is that all of this happened when I considered myself a Christian. I feel like a disgusting hypocrite who's lived a lie. Even at school most of my friends are from the Christian group on campus. I feel so fucking fake. 

I don't have social or people problems and I don't have a dysfunctional family. I don't have a sob story like others. I get depressed about my depression. I believe I really don't deserve to be depressed. I don't want to deal with my problems so I just play games all the time to distract myself.  I have access to university counseling but I don't think I could ever talk to a stranger face to face about these things. I am too ashamed.

Thanks for reading it all and sorry for sounding like a whiny bitch. 
"
"There's this guy who is my age I've seen that goes to my school, and I've seen him walking around school and I've seen his facebook profile. Physically, this guy is pretty much a taller (4-5 inches taller), better looking version of me. He's more built than me (bigger muscles), dresses better than me, has natural golden coloured eyes which girls swoon over, deep voice, is athletic and has a lot of friends. On facebook, for example, I only have 50 friends, which is quite low, while he has 850. 

Also, as a side note, there's this girl who I've made eye contact with, like on 4 separate different occasions, and I'm pretty sure she's at least somewhat interested in me. I'm useless with women though so the thought of talking to her is not going to happen. I've facebook stalked this girl somewhat (I'm a creep, I know), and I notice this guy just became friends with this girl. She'll probably not even give a shit about me anymore if our paths ever crossed. For all I know this girl I've been crushing on and this guy I've been jealous of have hooked up, and it sucks thinking about it.

I'm sure you guys think I'm pathetic/whiny, and there are people here with real and more serious problems, but honestly I've been feeling very down about life as of late knowing this guy is living my ideal life, and he's my age. Makes me depressed to think that I won't ever match up to this guy, anyone else ever feel this way? How can I get over this?"
[removed]
I feel like i'm drowning.  I just want to talk.  It doesn't matter  about what.  
"Hi. I'm really bad at introductions, so I'll just hop in. If I had no responsibilities, instead of typing this, I would probably be either doing drugs or stabbing myself in the throat with a knife. If I had my way, I would slowly fade out of this world, Kafka-style, so my family could get used to living without me and I didn't have to worry about what will happen to them. I've been in counseling for a couple weeks now, but I don't think its helping.

I'm still in high school but I don't know for how much longer. I recently had a fairly serious medical issue, which kept me out of school for about a month. I'm not a great student GPA-wise anyway, but I missed my exams and the entire end of the semester which completely tanked my GPA. I did extremely well on the PSATs, but that probably isn't going to be enough to get me into a decent college.

I have mommy issues. My mom has a serious problem with pain medications, and has had one for as long as I can remember. She regularly gets into trouble for it, but she can stay sober long enough to avoid actually facing her problem. I have a 10+ years younger sister, my dad works and goes out a lot, so I usually take care of her.  2 nights ago, my mom was wasted and tripped over a chair, she broke her shoulder and called an ambulance. I had to watch my sister until the afternoon/evening when my dad got home(He was away all weekend.) I would probably be dead right now if she didn't exist. My dad's also an alcoholic, but I don't care about it that much because he rarely bothers me when drunk.

I feel pudgy, I am extremely uncomfortable with my sexuality, and I struggle starting romantic relationships. But these are things all teenagers have problems with, so I'm not sure why i'm typing it.

I feel like I'm rambling at this point, so I apologize. If anyone wants to talk, it's probably too late tonight, but I could use a good conversation right now, I guess.
"
We really have had it with the [spam filter](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bk0fd/i_feel_like_i_am_a_total_failure/) today.  Apologies to the OP but this might help bring you some responses.  
"I didn't know if I should post or not because you know, I'm just another whining mid 20's guy and I know I should maybe stop whining and just accept life as it is. I'm just sorry for all the people who believed in me in the last 10 years. Some of them even believed in me when I was in the middle of a big depression (that was 8 years ago). Sorry, but I just failed at everything, sorry for not being what I wanted to be. All I see is an approaching deadline in August (end of unemployment insurance support) and I see no real job in sight. 

I tried to contact one of them, a person who supported me when I was depressed 8 years ago and I didn't receive any answer. Anyway, I'm not even sure if it would have changed anything.  This depression in 2002 was caused by the fact that I had no direction in life, I had no real experience of work and my shyness (social phobia) was causing me to have almost no friend and no job.

Well, 8 years later now in 2010, I could just say ""hello darknest my old friend"". I thought I would set out a new goal in 2009, I thought I would get out of a routine. Now I'm taking Paxil again because well, the pain and the anxiety was just unbearable without it. Anyway, I'm just doing nothing at all day long for now. I did some cold calling in case it would led to a job, but no one is calling me back. I send resume and I call them, but they just won't answer me back as if I would be too stupid for them. Maybe I'm really just too stupid to hold any jobs, even a job in graphic design with my four years of experience? I don't even think there's a lack of job, I see job offers almost every weeks in Quebec City, it's just that I'm never the one they choose.

I just need to say ""sorry"" to anyone who ever got close to me. If I ever get out of trouble before August, maybe I'll end up being a part time student working toward my goal but otherwise, I'll end up either in hospital or in a cemetery. That's why I need to say I'm sorry."
"Cross posted in /depression. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/bkcv7/how_to_deal_when_therapy_and_meds_fail/

tl;dr I am a walking suicide case. I have had clinical depression for more than half my life and despite therapy, meds, etc, see no end when I have spent more of my life suicidally depression than not. If I didn't worry about the people around me, I'd commit suicide in a heartbeat. It is as if I am waiting for my last social contacts to disappear so I can end life as non-obtrusively as possible. "
[removed]
"In my last post, I wrote out [this comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bipke/accepting_death/c0myz3q) explaining my current therapy situation.  Basically, I haven't felt my current therapist is all that great.  I have mixed feelings about the conversation-approach he uses (it does make it easier for me because I don't necessarily have to talk as much- but it also has the major drawback of becoming more of a ""conversation"" about other things, like movies or whatever).  I also don't think he refers back to previous sessions enough, and seems somewhat unprofessional.

I didn't cancel after my last meeting because he suggested an exercise that I thought would be helpful.  In today's session, we did a lifeline.  It's basically just making a list of things I consider important in life.  Then I put list everything on a line that's split in half.  On one side are the things I've already done.  The other side has things I want to do.  The overall point is to give me perspective on what's important, what my goals are, what I've achieved, and leaves me an opportunity for thinking how to do all things I want to do.  

As it turned out, it was very helpful.  Keeping in mind my view about him in the sessions I've had, I still decided to bring up wanting to see another therapist.

This is where it gets a bit dismal.  He didn't want to easily just let me switch therapists.  He did offer a few seemingly valid concerns about switching therapists often.  I admit I haven't had much success with therapists.  I don't think I've seen one therapist more than about five months.  At this particular place I go to, I've seen four.  Two of them were a few years ago.  I stopped going because I thought I might move.  Half a year to a year later, I went back.  I saw a therapist from last summer until December.  Since January, I've been with my current therapist.  The main points brought up include my reasons for switching therapists often (as in, I might be expecting something unrealistic from therapy, so I keep looking when I don't get it) and that I can't really get detailed analysis if I don't stick to a therapist.  Those are important things to think about, I suppose.

He also brought up things from the perspective of the counseling center, insurance, etc.  It becomes more difficult to justify (to the higher ups in the organization) trying to switch therapists if I do it too much.  They'll start asking questions why I can't seem to stick to one therapist.  He also mentioned that long-term therapy is much harder to do in general, since agencies are encouraged to get people in and out as fast as possible (financial reasons).

Edit: Fixed link"
"Things are alright, stable... but they're not right.

I'm in school, attractive, smart (3.94 gpa smart), and I'm well liked.   I have a large group of friends.... most of them want to be closer with me than they are.   They look to me for advice, since I'm a bit older (I'm a freshman in college.... )

But I spend my time alone.   Sometimes on reddit, sometimes browsing the web, sometimes gaming, often doing homework or reading.   I am proficient in a huge number of things... photography, making music, foreign language, writing, oration, and being unnecessarily deep when it's not required.

I always stick to myself for a variety of reasons... I just can't trust people.   I've never been given any reason to... I've never wanted to.   

I was molested by my brother when I was growing up.... It has it's aftereffects... 

My mom beat me.... dad left me.

I'm a convicted felon (Identity theft, cc fraud, hacking, and some B&amp;E's that were unrelated the the other shit) who has been out of jail for 5 years.

I never have enough money (I only work 7 hours a week @ 10 an hour.  It's a state job, so taxes are pretty low, but still 128 every 2 weeks is shit, esp when I pay out 40 in gas to get to / from school every 2 weeks).

Now comes the hard part.   I'm a sex addict.   I know that I am, and I hate to admit to it.  I hate admitting to any flaws.   But recently two things have pushed me over the edge.

I had unprotected sex not too long ago, and I have reason to believe that I contracted genital warts... I have no money to get it taken care of... When you are a sex addict, this sort of thing kills you.... 

Without sex, I have no confidence.... I have no anything.  No support... no plan... no nothing.  An STD basically reduces my chances of getting laid to nearly 0...  

For the last 3 years I've been voluntarily single.   I was engaged before that... it didn't work out.   I still miss the girl now, even thought it was me that pushed her away.

I met a girl recently, I've been wrapped around her little finger.   She's an absolutely gorgeous redhead.... I can't stand it.   I have all these horrible things in my head and I just don't see a way out.   My schoolwork is starting to mount up, and all I can think about is her.... and how with my current medical condition, nothing is going to work out... 

I feel lost... and my always being alone doesn't help... I don't know what to do.

I saved the best for last... 

My living situation... it sucks.   Remember the ex fiance' I mentioned earlier?   She no longer lives here.... but I do.   I live with my ex fiance's grandmother.    She loves me, looks at me like a grandchild... but it's so shameful to me...  I just feel... out of place.   I could get out of here, but she depends on me.


Help me guys... I'm lost and confused and haven't felt like this since I was a teenager.... "
"18 years old, depressed and lonely. I don't know what I want to do, or what I'm going to do with my life. I don't really want to do anything. I'm in college (undeclared), and I feel like I'm failing. I got good grades in high school (valedictorian), but now it seems like I can't get anything. Even if I have A's in three of my classes, but a D in one, I feel like the whole thing is going to shit. I'm basically living just trying to make it through to the next day, the next week, etc. I want to drop out, but I feel that it would be an even bigger waste to do so. But I don't know how I can handle 3-4 more years of this.

Socially, there's not much to say. I have very few friends, if I can even call them that. (I could never talk to them about this sort of thing.) I just can't connect with people, even on a basic level. No girlfriend (obviously) and I can't comprehend someone being attracted to me.

Suicide never really crossed my mind before. I always just assumed that things would even out, but now I don't see that ever happening. There's no reason why they would."
"this is for Mike, who either jumped or fell in front of another train on the opposite platform minutes before my train came in. he was 15 and with a group of his friends. that part of the platform wall is covered with Sharpied ""we love you"" messages.

this is for the 17 year old All-County soccer player, who earned a Stamford scholarship and early graduation, who left a note for her parents and killed herself in an undisclosed way.

this is for Cameron, a ""star student from Yale"" who jumped around the block from where i work. it was drizzling on the 86th floor observation deck when he calmly climbed the ten-foot fence, took a look around, and spread his arms. i put flowers on the sidewalk this morning where his body landed on 34th Street...

this is for you:

""When i was young i could see horizon to horizon, and my bright future seemed a certainty. then low clouds settled into a fog and darkness rolled in. 

""the horizon was still there, and i could still reach it, even though all I could see now was 5 feet ahead in the road at a time."""
"Lately it seems like my life just isn't worth the hassle.  I'm not doing as well in school as I have previously and money is getting tighter and tighter.  My parents pay for my tuition but everything else is up to me, I work constantly and I'm about to start donating plasma so that I can eat and pay bills.  I have an unpaid medical bill that I can't take care of and I'm worried about what's going to happen when this goes on for too long.  On top of all my financial problems, my family has completely fallen apart.  The situation is complicated, so to keep things short I'll just say that they all hate each other; I'm the only person on speaking terms with anybody else and it's completely on me to piece everything back together.  I don't think I can do it, whenever I talk with my mom, dad, or brother, the conversation turns into me being told how terrible and selfish the other two are. I'm starting to fall behind in school; the stress turns into depression, and the depression is causing me to lose all motivation.  All of this was on my mind as I was walking to class today and I began to entertain the thought of suicide.  I've thought about it before, but it was never something that I believed I could actually go through with. today it was different, I felt very relieved when I thought about killing myself.  I'm nervous because the idea legitimately made me warm inside, as if I had finally found a solution to all of my problems.  I've been on the other side of this and I've told people ""you just have to hang on, nothing is permanent and things will eventually start to go up hill"" but things have only been going further and further down.  I don't see myself having a happy future, and I don't know if I can deal with this any longer.

EDIT: I'm starting to work things out step by step.  I can't thank you all enough for the wonderful advice.    "
"I have a feeling this is going to get kind of long. Indeed, too long for one post... follow up comment will finish it I guess. I know enough not to apologize for it, but sincerely thank anyone that is willing to wade through my bullshit when they almost certainly have more than enough on their *own* plate as well.

Don't know why I bother with the throwaway, guess anonymity still counts for something. So... I *thought* I'd (mostly) beaten my own suicidal urges. Quit drinking. Haven’t had a drink in precisely 81 days. That helped I guess... indeed, before spring break, I was actually feeling almost good. I was starting a new quarter at college, I'd actually started to feel the first glimmer of what could be described as 'close' to someone, hell, to a few people... but damn it all if that goddamn break didn't suck all the wind from my sails. But I get ahead of myself; a tiny bit of background, to make what follows more or less comprehensible; I'm nineteen. I'm in college. I was once a turn-or-burn catholic, now I am more or less a nihilistic atheist. That used to get to me *real* bad (meaninglessness of existence drove me to what amounts to my one purposeful suicide attempt) but I've sorted that whole 'man's search for meaning' thing out. Anyway, when I chucked my old faith (somewhere around 2003ish), I kind of became a bit of a bastard. The 'wouldn't piss on you if you were on fire' type of bastard; I was arrogant, self-righteous, cynical and all around a cold and sneering kid. Well, I stepped back and reexamined just who the hell I was in my junior year of high school (2007-08) and I realized that what I'd replaced my religion with was still more crock (a sort of self developed objectivism, though I hadn't read Rand until that same year). Well, I was left feeling completely empty. I didn't have any friends, really, though I had a few people who would have called me their friend. Yeah, I was, or am, a bit manipulative. I don’t lie, ever; I’m the type of manipulator that deals in plausibility, in half-truths. In telling the truth, but from a very specific perspective. I've never really been close to anyone; a combination of paranoia, 'trust issues,' personal space issues, misanthropy, insomnia... basically, a fuck ton of 'issues' that I have had a number of sofa-psychs try to help me with. It might have worked, I guess, if I hadn't just toyed with them during my sessions. Turning the tables and putting *them* on the sofa and such. So... anyway, I started drinking senior year. That didn't go too well... over the course of the school year and summer it got progressively worse. I nearly died about four times from alcohol poisoning, and I can oh-so-proudly claim the longest period I spent sober that summer was a whopping three days. Impressive, eh? During this saga of self-destruction, I kind of got close to a girl I knew from high school. God knows why, it was among the stupidest things I've ever done. I’m a pretty hardcore cynic; don’t believe in love, don’t believe in a purely good deed. I thought it was wholly platonic, and then towards the end of the summer it got kind of blurry, I freaked out and basically cut her out of my life. She was involved with some other guy anyway, so it is almost certainly for the best... sure, I nearly iced myself one day with an old nine millimeter, but I had a kind of revelation just beforehand and decided that suicide was stupid. I mean, really, why bother? Cradle to grave is all too swift as it is, I figure(d?) I don't need to go about rushing to my own piece of peace.

So. There I was; not exactly suicidal, not exactly an alcoholic, and not exactly what one might describe as a 'pleasant' person. I'd more or less toned down my bitter, sarcastic, acidic tone I used to drum up whenever I talked down to people (hint; I only ever talked down to people, unless I was a) amusing myself and toying with them or b) needed something from them such as booze). I like to think that the summer after my senior year humanized me a bit, especially that whole debacle with the girl... christ, what a clusterfuck. So I go off to my first quarter at college, and at first it's more or less exactly as it was during high school; I was cold and distant and I just wanted to be let alone. I'd given up completely by this point on ever establishing a relationship with another person that *wasn't* predicated on my complete distrust in my fellow man. Hmm, a bit of background for my background; never had a girlfriend, or even a 'friend' friend. Sometimes it bothers me immensely, sometimes I couldn't begin to care any less. I'm pretty sure the latter stems from my inability to be touched. I've gotten better over the years, but going into college I still couldn't *stand* to be hugged. I would get impossibly shaky, nervous, my lungs would constrict, and I would get headaches. From a motherfucking *hug*. Brief brushes make me recoil, sustained contact makes my skin crawl. It isn't shyness, I'm not shy. It is more an intense sense of utter revulsion and wrongness. Can't let anybody be too close, eh? So, back to my tale of mundane woe; occasionally college turned out to be exactly what I'd imagined; specifically, my Latin class. I was *enchanted* by it... the professor, the rigor, the challenge... it is still one of my few pleasures, though not like before. That's all I really expected out of college; academia. There was no way I would anticipate my current situation.

Which, I imagine, is an excellent place to segue into said situation. I'm actually kinda sorta friends with some people here. Like, legitimate, real friends. No more facades, no more thinking of relationships like a game of chess. No longer simply playing with people to pass time. I'm still bitter, and why not? But I don't unleash a torrent of acid commentary upon anyone in range any more. See, I did make some progress. Or so conventional wisdom would dictate. Hell, before spring break I even managed to hug a few people voluntarily. That made me feel good. Really goddamn good. Oh sure, I got the usual symptoms, but it was getting over the mental block that really got me feeling kind of alright for the first time in, christ, seven or so years. And then spring break hits.

And here is where you get the sincerest pleasure of hearing about my oh-so endearing family. I'm triple majoring, so I have no time for a job. Thus, I find myself financially dependent upon my mother. Not family, mother. See, here's how this works; over the course of my life, it has been made quite clear that I am singularly responsible for my mother's retirement. Fuck if I know why I was picked, I've got two other brothers... oh, wait, I know *exactly* why; my eldest brother is a guy who literally wants nothing more than mediocrity. He bought into the bourgeois 'money=happiness' bit, and he bought hard. My other brother, also older, is a complete dead beat. Can't stay out of debt, can't knock his drug habits, can't get a relationship with anyone sane... heh, in this regard alone my brothers and I are alike; romantically, we are straight up *screwed*. Anywho, as one might imagine I bear not a little resentment for my mother's patronizing (matronizing?) outlook, and her hypocrisy. She’s completely insecure about our relationship (With good reason! I’ve more or less hid that I actually loathe her guts and have no intention of coming through with my side of the ‘bargain.’ This woman has made my life hell, and I’ll be *damned* if her easy living comes out of my hard work. However, due to my well practiced art of manipulation, I’ve maintained quite a successful façade of love.) Still, gotta pay the bills, so I went to stay with my family over spring break. I was riding high on my recent success actually drawing almost close to a few people, and I thought I could bear to go back to my little hell that my parent’s home is. Oh boy was I wrong; not a day went buy that I didn’t want to walk out on all of them. My middle brother got his current girlfriend pregnant. My eldest brother decided to begin a personal crusade to bring me back into the fold of Catholicism. My mother continued her infantile passive-aggressive patronizing tones about how very much I ‘owe’ her. And my father and I got into the usual shouting matches about what the ‘real world’ is like. Mercifully, I’m gone in a week."
"A repost for this: http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/blh3j/personal_issues_suicidal_longdistance/
... I feel my feelings are taking a turn for the worst.."
"that yale student who took his life at the empire state building. i feel absolutely devastated for some reason. though i didn't even know him. 

shit. i don't even feel like saying anything."
"The following has transpired over the past week or so

Saturday:
Took the MCAT today, was talking to my best friend about it last night. She graduated last semester and moved a few hours away so I rarely get to see her anymore. We exchange lengthy messages via facebook every now and then, it's a nice way to catch up with each other after long periods of business. Anyway, I sent her one such message a week or two back and she told me last night that she'd definitely send me a good long one today.

I take the MCAT today, it was fucking brutal, walked out of there wondering why I didn't just void the fucking thing. But then on the way home I just kept reminding myself that I'd have a message from her waiting in my inbox at home to cheer me up.

First thing I did when I got home was logged onto facebook, 1 new message -- awesome.

Contents 'Sorry anon, I can't stand talking to you any more, you're too much of a stressor in my life'

Defriended.

So I'm sitting here with a bottle of gin (now half a bottle).

Pissed?
Sad?

I don't fucking know how to feel at this point.



I tried texting her several times, didn't get a response until Tuesday. All she had to say was 'sorry'. I tried calling her a few times after that text and she wouldn't pick up the phone.

Then today I log on to facebook and I have a new friend request, it's from her.

Message : 'I'm so sorry anon that was a really shitty thing for me to do, I don't know what I'm doing anymore. Please forgive me'

I don't fucking know if I should forgive her or just let her rot.

I'd appreciate any input you gents could give on the situation."
just trust it was real crazy :)
[removed]
"I know my writing's gonna look a bit unrefined, but goddamnit: I almost had a car crash last night - so excuse me if my writing's a bit edgy at the moment.

I will begin by saying that I was around 12 when most of my troubles started. I don't really want to reveal to much about myself during those days, but suffice it to say that I was your average, Pokemon-playing doormat. Went to 4 different schools throughout high school, if I recall correctly. I can't say I remember much about the details about each of them - but I can tell you that I remember the namecalling, the shoves, the gropes, the spitting and the sheer worthlessness I experienced since then.

It got to the point where I had to practically ditch the schools at the age of 16.

I did eventually get a GED soon after a brief stint with a ""Jesus-Christ-rides-a-raptor""-type homeschooling program. The GED, however, did not diminish my desire to go find my school records and perform a Jay-and-Silent-Bob road trip on those fuckers. But the fact remains that despite how much I may want to perform said trip, I don't have the time, the will or the resources to do it.

I once wished that after all of this was over, I'd finally be able to catch a fucking break, but no... life just kept doling out the punishment. Take my current job, for instance: Right now I'm stuck giving night school classes to the same types of motherfuckers that made my life a living hell... And of course, some people might ask me: ""wouldn't that make you as contemptuous and judgemental as they were?"" Maybe. But it's hard to worry about that when I'm not even able to carry a conversation.

The lack of communication skills, unfortunately, is not the only idiosyncrasy that makes my life difficult. Take this one, for instance: I can remember vast amounts of data, but only a handful of names. I can also process that data for hours on end, but then I can't stop thinking about it when I try to sleep. I get twitches, tics, and tremors. I feel numb every time I see some sort of gathering. And top it all off, I have a brain that won't cease to remind me of nearly every gaffe, altercation and mistake I've experienced over the last 2 decades.

My biggest source of regret, though, comes from my inclination for following instructions. I did the errands that they wanted me to do. I went to the college that they told me to go. I didn't go to parties. I didn't get any action. I just spent my time in my room and studied for 4 consecutive years. ( Just like a good little boy... :-/ )

And now that I'm supposedly ""free,"" I can't even choose something as simple as a juice flavor.

But then again, it's not like there's many choices in this town. There are no people to talk to in here. There are no places to go. There's only a couple of bars, a downtown district on life support and a shopping center with a Walmart. All this crap is further aggravated by the fact that I can't even move - for I don't have the money to do so.

I've gone thru the usual recommendations I hear around Reddit, too. I go to my psychiatrist. I've gone thru a couple of psychologists. I take my antidepressants - but I don't even know if taking them makes any difference. I also tried going to the gym for about six months. And even that became a tedious routine.

I try not to complain, though. Most of the time, people would just point out the pettyness of my problems. And the times when that doesn't happen, I just get that useless ""everything will be alright"" bullshit.

I did, however, manage to get something out of these ordeals. I now know that life is, in its essence, pain. What I don't know is whether or not I want to stick around for that much longer."
"I'm 22 years old and going nowhere. I've always been going nowhere. I'm almost never happy. Even when I have a good day, when I go to bed I realize I am alone and still stupid, still ugly, still no good at all.

After I got out of high school I was too afraid to go to college. I always believed I would fail. I tried to work as a temp at my dad's workplace...we don't exactly get along. It only last six months or so. I did try community college...several times. Each time I failed harder than the last. Most classes I didn't even finish. I could never get to class on time because I cannot drive myself, and when I would get there so late I would be overwhelmed with embarrassment that I could not enter the class. When I did go to class I was never good. A C student, I never quite got what was going on.

I can't drive. Didn't get my permit until 18, and then took the license test twice but failed miserably. The second time I actually got to drive in the road..then I just broke down in tears as I made mistake after mistake after mistake. I had another test scheduled but no one wanted to take me.

I took a six month course at a local technical school. I thought it was a step forward, but all I'm really qualified to do is fetch things and clean up. It doesn't matter much anyway, no one is hiring and I'm sure when they do they will have a plethora of better assistants to pick through.

I've never gotten a job without help from my family. When I was 16 I was able to get a job as a cashier - though they never wanted to train me because I was too shy, I remained a bagger the entire duration I worked there. Then 18, I worked at my dad's office. A couple years later my mom got me a job editing pictures at her office. Between those jobs and the end of the editor position (which ended two years ago) I've never been able to get a job on my own. I can't imagine I must be worth much if I can't even get a job as a cashier.

I never thought I would actually be with a guy. I have, sexually. I am in love with a man. I have been chasing after him for two years. I gave him my virginity, my first kiss. He says he loves me, but does not want to be with me. (Or he would be with me... but he ""can't"".) I have told him how lonely I am. But he already has a girlfriend. I am the other woman. I am not even good enough to be the only woman. I have wasted the last two years of my life dreaming of something I can never have. I'm such a fool. I feel so used. I am garbage. No one wants trash.

I get lonely so often. Every time I am alone, I cannot be happy for more than a half hour. I really only have one friend... I have tried to make them. I have always had trouble. Never had friends til middle school, when the a guidance counselor forced us together. My brother brings his friends over, they are friendly but have no wish to be my friend. Whenever they get the chance, they avoid me. Who can blame them? I am the silent wonder. I can sit in a room full of people and have absolutely nothing to say. I try to act cheerful. I try to have a good time. When I do have something to say I feel like no one listens, because half the time people also have nothing to say in response to me. Then sometimes I have something to say, but I don't know how to say it. I just don't know how. I am too nervous. I am always worried about something.

I just don't know why I would continue to live after today (Easter) is over with... I was busy writing a note for someone when, in between trying to find the words to write, that maybe there is something I am missing.. After all, I am wrong about things most of the time."
What do you all think?
"I'm sorry if I'm posting this in the wrong subreddit, but I'm unable to think clearly right now because of the storm raging in my head.

I'm really worried about a female friend of mine who lives in Washington, D.C. There is a high probability that she is contemplating suicide right now, and I'm unable to stop her because I live in a different country (Finland). She has a long history of depression and other psychological problems and she has tried to commit suicide before.

I understand that it might strike you as odd that despite being friends with her I'm unable to contact her. The reason for this is because me and her are ""just"" virtual friends, only communicating through MSN and Skype, but despite that I consider her to be my best friend. 
Unfortunately our previous discussion did not go very well, because we were both really depressed and we said a lot of ugly, hurtful things to each other that we did not really mean. That is the main reason why I strongly suspect that she might be contemplating suicide right now.

I have no way to contact her, and that is why I'm asking for your assistance. How can I stop her from killing herself? I do not know her exact address or her cell phone number. All I really know about her is her real name, e-mail address, msn address and her approximate place of residence (Dupont Circle in Washington D.C.), the name of the college she attends (Georgetown university), and her major. She hasn't replied to any of my e-mails, and I haven't seen her on MSN in 2 days, and I'm getting really worried :(

If any redditors living in the Washington, D.C. area are reading this, would it be possible for someone to go check up on her and make sure that she's ok? ;_; Like I mentioned earlier, I don't have a lot of information about her, apart from the details listed above. Is it possible to locate her and make contact with her based on this information?

For fuck's sake I cannot live without her. A life without her is completely meaningless ;_;

EDIT: I just called the DC police department and I told them her name and her approximate location (Dupont Circle), but they don't have enough information to locate her. What am I going to do now? :(

EDIT 2: Also posted in [/r/AskReddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bmh7m/need_urgent_assistance_from_redditors_living_in/)

EDIT 3: [pillowplumper](http://www.reddit.com/user/pillowplumper) (who also goes to Georgetown) tried to look her up, but he couldn't find anyone at Georgetown with that name. WTF?

EDIT 4: I really need to get some sleep now, I've stayed up all night.







****** 
EDIT 5: I was finally able to make contact with her, and she seems to be OK. Thanks to everyone of you for your assistance and support, I really appreciate it."
[removed]
"My sister is/was my best friend, my partner in crime and best big sister I could ever have hoped for.

She killed herself in September, and I cannot cope.

I cry everyday (im crying now just typing) I miss her so much.
I hate to think how alone she felt and I know I could have helped her. 

I hate thinking that she thought she had no other option, that the best thing to do was end it all...

Hundreds of people were at her funeral. She was the funniest, most caring, generous person. And it just isnt right that she is gone.

How do you cope?
How do you ""move on""??

My parents and my other sisters just dont know how to help me. and neither do I.

My body actually aches with the amount i miss her.

We've both had suicidal moments in our lives, both suffered terribly with depression and we said that if either of us did it how pissed off we would be. We made a pact never to abandon each other. 

And Im left in a dark world without her. 

Any advice would be so appreciated.

p.s. anyone considering suicide, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE dont fucking do it. You have so many options and avenues to take and you have no idea the pain and suffering the people that love you will have to endure for a lifetime, and you wont be there to help them through. SEEK HELP, PHONE A FRIEND, TAKE A DEEP BREATH. Anything. peace and love xxx"
"**dont worry too much about reading all of this, I just want to vent.. again.**

Hi, reddit.

This is kind of a follow-up post. According to reddit, 11 months ago I made a submission [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Needafriend/comments/8ga5n/nothing_i_do_feels_natural_anymore/) at /r/needafriend. I don't know if it might be helpful to read that bulk of depressing crap before reading this one. =/

So basically I was dead-sure I wasn't going to pass college and make it into university. I had my suicide planned out; 21st August 2009. Two or three weeks before this, on my current reddit account, I made a depressing comment somewhere about how I felt about my life, and a redditor PM'd me asking if I wanted a friend. After some ignoring, I eventually replied and we became close friends very quickly.

I have to say, that redditor saved my life. If it wasn't for her, I don't even know what would have happened. She helped motivate me to look into foundation courses at university, let me talk through all my problems, everything. And when the day finally came, and I collected my results to find I had failed, I went to the bridge I planned to jump off of. It was for that person that I stepped down and walked home. I called up my desired university, and despite my failed grades they let me on my desired, full-degree course anyway.

Great, right? I'd been given a second chance. I'd been saved.

I don't think it was one week later that I told that redditor, someone who reached out to a faceless name on the internet, to fuck off, and that I didn't wish to be friends any more. I didn't know why I did this, I just did. But this was just part of the bigger picture in the end.

September 2009! I get my hair cut, which hadn't been cut in over three years, to try to force change. I felt like this was my chance to become a new, different and better person. I get to university, in a new environment, new people. I begin to feel a future for myself, I feel myself becoming happier with myself..

and then, in February, for **absolutely no fucking reason whatsoever**, I stopped attending university. I slept all day and all night, not showering or eating for days at a time. I just stayed in my bed. I missed about 4 assignment deadlines, which has now secured I have failed the first year.

I just don't understand what is wrong with me. I don't know if it's a knee-jerk reaction of me continuing punishing myself, even though I no longer consciously feel that I deserve it, or something else. I just can't have anything happy, even though I want it to be happy so goddamn much. It's like a part of me just wants to make the other unhappy.

I was given a second chance to fix myself and become a better person by getting into university with insufficient grades.. I've completely wasted that chance, and now I am in exactly the same place I was a year ago; planning to die some time in August. I don't want to go through all this shit again where I pretend that I have the capacity to 'change'. Because I can't. Everything just resets itself again and again. I'm a coward who can't face the consequences of my own actions.

I just wish I knew what it is that keeps making me screw up =["
I've had it.  I fucking hate my life.  I broke up with my girlfriend a few months ago. then i realized it was a terrible mistake and i've been going through hell with it.  Recently I talked to her and she really seemed like she cared about me.  She said she was there for me and that she needed me a friend.  now she's been ignoring me.  I haven't even been pushy about it at all.  I wait a week before calling her.  I don't understand why someone would lie like that.  And the relationship stuff isn't even everything.  I'm so fucking anxious and worried.  I'm shy and really fucking lonely.  All i do lately is think of ways of killing myself.  If i had a foolproof method sitting in my lap i'd do it in a second.  tell me something to give me hope.  please
"Just wanted to post an update here because most of the time, I come here with negative feeling and I rant about how bad my situation is. Right now, I see some positive things happening so I want to share it, just in case it could help others too. Last week, I did cold calls to a few place where I thought I could work as a graphic designer. Then, I got an email and I was almost hired on the spot. I worked this afternoon just to see if I'll suit the job and tomorrow, I should receive a phone call from them. I'm crossing finger, hoping it will be a positive answer. 

At least, I was feeling like I could accomplish the job and handle the workload easily enough. In case I do not receive a positive answer tomorrow, then I have another interview scheduled on Friday so I just hope one of those two options will be the right one. Also, I gained self-insurance when I got back on Paxil. I wanted to believe all my progress were because of my efforts but then, when I tried to stop taking Paxil I got reeallly depressed and I lost almost all my confidence. I hated how it was killing my emotions but then how could I live without it?"
"I am just reaching the end of my rope. I don't know what options I have left anymore. I've been in therapy for nearly twenty years (since I was a kid) and on a host of different medications for the last ten. Nothing makes it stop hurting all the time. Everything I've tried to do to improve myself and my happiness has simply given me false hope, so now i'm halfway across the country from my family, in graduate school, and wondering if it's even worth living to see another day.

I'm sorry to be so needy, fellow redditors, but how does one climb out of this? I feel like I'm going to be unhappy forever. All evidence seems to support this. Therapy, i feel like, has failed, as have pharmaceuticals, and ""improving myself"" is making me feel (i didn't realize this was possible) worse. What's the point here? Is there one?"
"I was the OP here: http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bgftl/ups_and_downs/

I continued to let the problem get worse, started hearing voices. I made a feeble attempt at taking my life, but stopped myself short. Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and made the most difficult phone call to my parents ever. Just thought I'd let you guys know that I'm alright and getting help."
"So, I tried to kill myself twice last year. One attempt was via pills, specifically Oxycontin and Prozac. One was with the good ole' knife and sleeping pills strategy. Today, I wanted to go blood thinners, knife and a few bottles of Visine, but I decided to post here right now for the mere reason that I can't even cut myself enough to die/pass out. 

I'm on antidepressants for major depression; specifically Cymbalta. 120 mgs. I am 18. Male. I have friends. I am not a socially awkward nerd. I have had sex with humans before. My marks in school are pretty good.

I have been feeling fine for many months but this past week I've been a wreck. This was somehow (hilariously) triggered from listening to Sigur Ros' lead singer's new solo album into thinking ""kill yourself, you can never create beautiful art, no one will ever love you, your life is meaningless, you are a horrible person, your family hates you, your friends hate you, you hate yourself, you don't actually like anyone, you are a pretentious faggot, you think you're better than everyone, you are cynical, you are falling behind on assignments, school is a waste of time, good marks don't satisfy you anymore, you are ugly, you are awkward, either start using opiates again or kill yourself; die, die, die, die, do the world a favour."" 

I assume you'll tell me to take CBT or something. I've taken that before. I've done that nonsense.

What I want to do is get help of course; but I am not going to a fucking mental hospital again. They have made up the two worst experiences of my life. I leave them a much more shaken and broken person. The nurses and doctors treat you like shit, you sleep on a tiny bed, are given inedible food, have nothing to do all day, and are generally humiliated, emotionally destroyed and tortured for a few weeks. You have to lie to every staff member to have some slight possibility of ever going home - shit, ever going OUTSIDE again. My second time there I made a vow to be successful if I ever attempt suicide again.

Preemptive strike: I don't care how my family feels about me killing myself; they are horrible people and deserve to suffer. I don't care about my fucking friends. I have no pets. Suicide hotlines and such are hilariously useless at giving one advice. Therapists are completely useless. 

So my dilemma is as follows: I, right now, want to kill myself, have no easy way of doing it and seriously want help. **What should I do? How can I help myself?**"
[removed]
"Already just typing this makes me feel pathetic. I'm usually one of those independent types that refuses to admit anythings wrong, and always tries to hide any negative emotion. My friends think I'm one of the happiest people out there. And yes, I do have friends, a social life, great siblings, and a 3.9 GPA with all honors courses. Also, I'm an athlete. On paper, it probably sounds like I have it great.

But, I'm still depressed. Often times it's for no reason, or something petty, and then I become more upset for being so upset at something trivial. It's a downward spiral. Also, I'd never talk about my suicidal thoughts to my friends or family. That'd be like admitting the weakness. 

I think my first contemplation of suicide was 4 or 5 years ago. Ever since then, I've been considering it on and off. I've come up with endless justifications for it in my mind. I've read up on different methods, and finally deciding jumping would be the most effective (relatively quick death, extremely low chance of survival). I've gotten close to trying other things (pills,cutting,alcohol or a combo), but never have just because I'm so afraid of getting caught. If I do it, I'd want it to be foolproof.

Onto the actual issue of why I want to: Well, honestly, why the fuck not? I'm *not* important. Speaking in terms of the universe and galaxies, I have about the impact of a speck of dust. And sure, my friends and family would be sad for a while. Days, maybe years, but they'd forget. Overall, I'm completely forgettable, and my life is just as unimportant as an ant's. "
"I haven't been happy in a very long time. I've never been good at school, I can barely concentrate in anything I do school related. I took the same math course three times in high school, only passing and going onto university because my teacher gave me the extra percent that allowed me to pass. This was supposed to be my first year in university, which I came from across the country, and I came into it optimistic and happy. By October, I fell into a deep depression that lasted until December when I returned home and I began to feel better. This depression led me to heavily smoke marijuana, neglecting school and giving poor marks in my first semester. Once I came back during second semester, I began the same routine over again and fell into the same destructive habits. I missed classes, assignments and began falling into my depression again. Here I am now, I just came back with a talk with my professor and he says I haven't got the marks needed to pass his class, giving me an incomplete course. God knows what that'll do to my average. If I get below a certain percentage I'll get kicked out of school. My other classes aren't better, I just finished my classes on Thursday and exams are coming up. Right now, it seems pretty worthless...I have no idea of how this will turn out but there's a chance I'll flunk out. I'm scared, panicky, and honestly, I've lost all hope. I don't have any friends, anything to do, I just sit on my computer to pass the time and overthink everything. I began watching tv on my laptop to pass the time, I got into Star Trek, watched Voyager, TNG, and DS9, just to pass the time. I stopped smoking marijuana 3 weeks ago and its definitely helped me focus, but too late. Missed classes, chronic procrastination has screwed me over. Story of my life, Ive been nothing but a burden on everyone my whole life. If I fail, I don't have anything to do. I'm sick of letting people down. It's all I ever do. I love my family and my dogs very much, and although I'm blubbering like a child right now I can't imagine giving them the pain of continued failure. I don't know what to do anymore...."
"i love reddit. its full of smart and mostly caring people. like many other redditors claim i don't really have a social life either. also, i have an abusive father and a fucked up past i don't want to talk about right now. every time i feel like i have the guts to ask for help, i come here to suicide watch and i try to get myself to post something asking for help, as if there is any. i read through other posts and it's mostly about nothing. i'm not underestimating the depression that comes from specifically nothing but i get the feeling that i'm a little wuss for not killing myself already. my life is so fucked up i don't even remember what a normal life would feel like. let alone *know* what a normal life would be like. a normal fuckin family. i'm sick of this thing that keeps me here, is it that i don't have any guts to do it? is it that i really still have hope of a better life? really? fuck this.

i know, you're probably gonna tell me to tell someone about my abusive father (btw, my whole family is abusive, i just say it that way to make it short), but i live in a third world country and no one cares and there's no way i'd make it on my own. 

I just want to stop hoping. no one knows what death really is all about, i'm so desperate i'm ready to go there. it's not worse than actually staying here. it's only human that i want to get out of this life. it's only getting worse, and worse, and worse. 

this is so sick, disgusting, revolting, i dont know what to call it. nobody can get used to this. there's nothing that can make it easier. 

a guy approached me, he says he loves me. he's my boyfriend now. i sometimes flip and he's just shocked of my behavior. he has no idea what makes me so angry and so needy. every time i get mad and start crying for no apparent reason he asks me where all this is coming from. i remain silent. i can't tell him about my pain. bcz that's how we are, girls of abuse, we stay still, silently till they're done with us, and when they're gone we just wait for our blood to dry under our covers. this is what we're made of. if u fall for me, my wounds come along with me. i'm the best when it  comes to lying and hiding, but if u keep getting closer and n u start wondering where all this blood is coming from, when u think u want to and can help me, just think again. i can tell u right then and there, u have no fuckin clue what u're getting urself into. i'm a disgusting disaster, u won't wanna touch me again.

i hope this is not too messed up that no one can actually relate to it."
"For the past couple of weeks, I've been completely unmotivated. I've been sleeping and browsing reddit, and completing college assignments minimally. I've been doing well on whatever two things we had to turn in, so it's not like I fucked myself yet.

About a week into this depression, I found that I was put on the Dean's list since I did very well the past quarter. Cool, but I don't think it's why I'm being so lazy now. 

I feel like I lost all my motivation in EVERYTHING. Even though I haven't failed yet, I anticipate it and instead of correcting my actions I'm just giving up. I keep feeling like my father criticizing me. Except now I can't get away and it's internalized as a part of me. I sound like a pussy.

A little backstory: freshman in college. For fall quarter I lived alone in an apartment, paid for. Shit was so cash, minus the living alone part. I spent my time studying, partying, working, and nailing my half-japanese then-girlfriend.  So I moved into a house with people. Even more cash, until I had a massive panic attack about some upcoming work (I had a tough schedule, a college application, job, etc.). I think I did pretty well in accomplishing it, though. Basically, the house was fairly rowdy and I felt that I wouldn't be able to concentrate. Since my parents were in the area, I asked if I could visit for a while to finish my work and tie up some loose ends. Biggest mistake ever. Living alone sucked because I had no social life, my parents would not let me go out and I'd have to take a ghetto ass bus with homeless smelly people to get to my IT job every friday. 

What was supposed to be a few days stay turned into a week. Then a month. Then all of winter quarter. I'm moving out again now, I hope. For the past two months I've been arguing and they seem to have finally let me go. Summer, though, I'll be living with them again it seems.

A few days ago my dad offered me a Macbook Pro as a ""gift"" for my deans list. I was very hesitant because it felt wrong. I had no need and didn't feel like deserving a $1600 gift. But I felt pissed at all the broken promises my father has made in the past and thought about it. 

The next day I was told that it was conditional. If I moved out, I wouldn't be given the gift. If I stayed with them, I'd get it. 

For about two days I spent my time making the decision based on a variety of factors. Economically, I'd lose about a grand in exchange for living alone and having a good time (I'd work more hours but lose the gift). I eventually figured that my dad was full of shit anyways.

I broke down. He's pulled this many times before. Promising something major like invisalign (before I realized that my teeth weren't crooked and that I should wait for my wisdom tooth to soon erupt) , or insurance since I was planning on leasing a 328i. And I spent two days just wasting away on this decision. Like I did in the past. Shit, I ditched my senior prom to study for a multivar calc exam and ended up acing it. My dad told me I couldn't do it and promised he'd get me what he had promised in the past had I done so. He lied and dismissed me. I ended up trying to kill  myself that year and dabbled about once every two days in it. And I am beginning to wish that I had been successful.

I soon realized that my life is repeating. I'll have to go back in the summer and will never really get away. I had a fairly ambitious and successful project going last summer. My father took away my computer, limiting me to a few hours a day. Delayed launch, but I was planning on releasing it with some viral marketing (I'm a comedian) this spring. Until my motivation died, that is. And I keep being manipulated by the things I desire most so my dad can follow me. I think of ending it all on a weekly basis. I don't want to get up anymore because I think my nightmares are better. I can't even begin to type without breaking down. Much like how I couldn't type about a year ago.

It's not about the macbook pro (I don't care), or even car insurance or invisalign. I just wish I wasn't tricked so much. I'm a fairly sharp guy and just wish I could get my father out of my life. I keep falling for his shit like an idiot and crave his validation even though he'll never give it to me. He said, ""After you got  your honor roll letter, your life is going to go to shit."" He was right."
"Are there people who genuinely care, Reddit? Am I expecting too much of people, of the world?

I see the emotions that I have, the empathy I share with others and it's something that I thrive on. I love people and I am concerned with each and every person's situation. However, it's not something that's mutual. Daily, I look upon a world filled with unforgiving, harsh, detached, and uncaring people. I feel like I give so much to my friends, family, and people, yet receive no love in return. It makes me incredibly angry and frustrated. I want to express it somehow, I want to just release my rage on others, but I know that is ignorant, immature, and foolish. It drains me terribly. It's mostly unrequited it seems, and it hasn't really ever bothered me until recently.

I don't feel like I belong in this place.

"
"I just saw your message. 

I don't often look at my orangered envelopes because sometimes people say mean things and it's better for my mental health that I don't put much thought into that. (I think comment replies should be separate from one's inbox.)

Anyway, as far as I can tell you've deleted your account, but you did mention something about posting in this subreddit, so I thought I'd send out a message saying that I don't know who you are or what your situation is, but I hope you're okay. There are lots of people here who seem eager to help if you are feeling desperate.

Best wishes."
"I've been really depressed lately, and random strangers have mad my life a living hell. On my way home from school, a group of high school seniors decided to pick on me, and I got beat up. Then I got home, and my dropbox stopped working. I contacted support to see what happened, and they told me that someone reported me for spamming. I'VE NEVER EVER SPAMMED IN MY LIFE. I'm almost positive it was one of the kids at school who pick on me all day. I've already been depressed at home because of family issues, but this is the last straw. I'M SO TIRED OF THIS. All of my schoolwork was saved in dropbox, and I was too dumb to make a backup. And to top it all off, I had about 8 GB of space from referrals that it took me almost a year to get and now my account is cancelled. I created a new dropbox account but ALL of my extra space is gone, and I'm reduced back to 2 GB. I can't afford the full plan, and I have a long distance group of friends who rely on dropbox for me to send them certain video files (we make youtube videos). I worked hard for a year to convince people to install dropbox from my referrals, and all my work was useless because of some jerk who decided it would be funny to mess with the one good thing I have going in my life. ALL my schoolwork is gone. My ONLY source of fun is gone because I can't upload big files to dropbox anymore. I'm just so sick and tired of everything. I've always been picked on in school, but now my dropbox, which had my entire life is gone, and I don't have enough storage to do anything anymore. I mean, I'm only a sophomore in high school and my life already sucks. I just don't see hope for the future. I'm punished for things I didn't do, and it's incredibly annoying. I'm not suicidal, but I just need help. 

EDIT: Thanks guy's you've really been a help to me. I've read through all your comments, and they've really made me feel better. I did an online search, and I found an alternative to dropbox so I feel much better now. Thanks for your help :)

EDIT 2: I noticed some of you are suspicious that this is some technique to get more storage space, but I promise that this isn't some sick ploy for referrals on dropbox. I have a new dropbox, but I will not be posting a link on reddit. It'll take time, but I'll eventually get my space back, and I have alternatives until then. "
"Hi SW. I'm a student at university, I should be happy with where I am and the subject I'm studying but I'm not. I've been having problems with education and my social life as far as I can remember. It is only now that these problems have intensified to the extent where my life has become a disorganized mess. I have been to several councilors in high school to help keep myself up to date with homework and coursework. Since I've started university I have fallen behind on my work and social life. My dorm room was covered with post-it notes and reminders on my walls, I was forgetting to complete and hand in coursework. I've been receiving letters from my tutors who are concerned about my progress. At the end of last term it was too much and I had a breakdown.

I went to see my doctor about the problems i've been having, he was not much help so he is referring me to a psychiatrist. I'm now on a six month waiting list. I have not discussed any of my problems with my parents as I'm afraid of disappointing them. They will be furious at me for destroying an opportunity to a good career and life. I feel like this is beyond my control now. I've wasted a lot on my cost of living and tuition fees. I lost a lot of friends I have made by being selfish and neglecting them. I feel the only way forward is to end my own life. By the time I get to see a psychiatrist it will be too late, and even if i do get 'help' sooner I doubt it will change much about myself. 

This is my third time re-writing this, so i hope I got my message across clearly. I'm sorry for not being more specific about everything. If I try explain things I start rambling and don't get a point across. Thank you for taking the time to read this."
"Hello once more SW... me again. Hopefully this time I won't be so long winded, hmm?

So... so I tried to do like some of you suggested, you know, print up all i'd posted at http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/blgm2/funny_im_usually_on_the_other_end_of_these/ but naturally I never actually did anything with it. Sat on my desk for a week maybe, one day I got so sick of it being there and reminding me of how fucking... well, anyway, I chucked it. Burned it first, that paranoid. Anywho, I thought I'd just bear my admittedly hefty load a bit longer and hope it got a bit lighter, but fuck knows it's only gotten a hundred times worse. Haven't taken up drinking again yet, but I've wanted to almost every single day since I posted... a couple of days I didn't I did have a couple of days when I felt really, really, really good. Like, 'conquer-a-mountain' good. I don't even know why, truth be told. Shit, maybe I *am* bipolar. Fuck knows by now I wouldn't be surprised... my moods swing so crazily these days it's little wonder I am as stable as I am... no, I'm not on mood stabilizers. No, I don't plan on going on any. Can't afford 'em, don't really want 'em.

At first I tried to get over my whole quasi-aphephobia, but that didn't last long. Progress? Ha! Good joke. It's so damned depressing and infuriating... do you have *any* idea what it is like to literally be unable to be close to someone in any sense of the word? Does anyone out there in the great echoing chamber of the internet? Do I care either way?

Anyway... relations with my family have become even more strained of late. Frankly, I'm sick of putting on a facade of love and care. I don't love them. I really don't. Maybe I'm a bad person for it, but I don't care about *that* either. I'm sick to death of all this, I really, really am... you know, I used to really want to come to college. I used to want to be a public defender, maybe, something like that... really help those people out. Now? I could still do it I guess... I'd be a pretty damn good one too. But I don't know if I care to at this point.

I used to be so damn certain about everything... now I feel so lost. Goals, desires, interests, curiosity... I used to have so much on my plate, I didn't know where to start; I'd just look on and relish everything I was going to try out. Now, I don't even see the allure of the meager portion I have forked onto my platter... god, I'm such a wreck these days. I like to think I've turned a new leaf, picked my self up and stopped acting like such an unbearable asshole, but truth be told it's all still bubbling under the surface. I'm the same cynical, misanthropic, bitter bastard I've been ever since Middle School. I'm just not as vocal as I used to be about it. For the first time this entire year at college, I snapped at someone. They asked me a completely innocent question, and I was in a bad mood, and I basically verbally ripped their goddamn throat out. Didn't even apologize initially, just stormed the fuck off. And when I did apologize, it was begrudgingly. I wasn't sorry, I did it out of obligation. It's irrational, I know; she asked me if I could help her out on some joke of a math problem, how could she possible have known that I'm not really myself at this point? But I don't care. I really just do not care. I feel bad about snapping at her, but not because of how she feels. I feel bad because it means all the pretty little dreams I'd had of ever having something even vaguely similar to a normal human relationship are bullshit. Complete, unmitigated bullshit. I'm never going to stop resenting people for all they can do and feel that I can't. I really, truly believe that this spite will only ever be dulled, at best.

I'm pissed of, SW; I'm angry at my parents for being such hypocrites, I'm pissed at my brothers for not seeing it, I'm pissed at my 'friends' because they don't understand me, I'm pissed at my professors for taking things so slowly, I'm pissed at my TA's for knowing the material worse than I do, I'm pissed at the whole goddamn world. I know it's stupid, why be mad at something beyond your control? But lord knows I am furious.

I'm about as furious as I am full of sorrow. It's odd... sometimes I am so completely overwhelmed by it, I can't even move. Sometimes it's just a low grade grind, just enough to make me sigh... and sometimes, like I said, I don't feel it at all. Sometimes I feel like goddamn king of the world. But most often its that intermediary despair; more than just the grind, but I can still function. I suppose some of my friends have begun to perk their ears up to it... innocuous questions, ""Are you ok?"" Ha! Yeah, I'm fan-fucking-tastic. What the hell does it look like? I'm pretty good at hiding my emotions, comes with 19 year's practice. So when something does leak out that shouldn't, I always think I'm glowing red or something, like the whole world can tell. So it's probably a sign if people are approaching me about this...

Hell, while I type this up right now, someone *just* came in my room and asked how I was. Out of the fucking blue... waved her off, of course. I don't think I can bear to talk about all this shit to a real person and not this beautifully anonymous mirror of the web. Maybe I'm a coward in that way. Again, in the spirit of what appears to be a recurring theme, I don't care.

I mean, how can? Where do I even begin? Do I tell them about how someone I knew committed suicide on me a day after I thought I'd talked him out of it? Do I tell them that afterwards, I didn't feel a thing? And even now, only the tiniest twinge? Do I tell them I think I'm crazy? That sometimes I swear I see or hear something I *know* can't be there? It's stupid I know it is... I go on these long walks, and I see things in the darkness. It's human, everyone does it... but I wish I knew if everyone saw it in the same detail... maybe I've just got an over active imagination... I was walking on a bridge the other night, and I swear I saw myself standing on the ledge, wearing all white. And the me that I saw gave me a lazy salute and just fell off. Voluntarily, but he didn't jump, he just let gravity take him... it was eerie as *hell*. Maybe it's all subconscious. I don't know. But it gets to me sometimes, when I can't just brush it off.

So... so yeah. I don't really know what to tell you all, if you are even still listening at this point. I feel like my whole life is crumbling around me, and I feel like I don't even have a 'whole life' to *have* crumble around me. I'm still not all that close to anyone. I don't think I ever will be. I'm still only just hanging on a thread, here and alive for little better reason than I'd rather not be responsible for some poor bastard cleaning up whatever mess I leave when I die. I'm not happy, and I thought I was ok with that. But now I don't know *what* I'm ok with... I'm drowning here, SW, I really am. And I'm not sure I care enough to keep swimming. I haven't eaten in... shit, a day at least. Closer to a day and half. Slept an hour last night. I'm exhausted, but can't sleep... I'd drink it all away, but something is holding me back. I don't know what, maybe deep down that sonofabitch Schopenhaur was right and there is a will to live. Frankly, I don't give a damn.

Feel free to critique me. Honestly! You aren't going to push me over the edge, unlike some people who post here :(. So if you care to comment, tell me what you think. Be honest, I am; reciprocate the courtesy, if you don't mind. Odds are I still won't trust a word any of you say, but... I don't know, maybe this will help. Probably not, but that's better than definitely not. Fuck, I'm rambling now... sorry about that. Anyway, I'm another twenty-something with little hope for the future on a micro or macro level, lost drive, lost desires, lost *everything*. I'm just so tired of it all... sick of preachers, teachers, beachers, leechers...

I feel a bit better just for writing it all down. You guys don't have to comment or even read it all. Just needed to let all that out, or I thought I'd explode. So... so if you did read it, I'm grateful and frankly stunned you could care about it enough to put in the effort. And if you care to comment, no matter what, I'm grateful for that as well. Or those obligatory ~13 upvotes, I understand if you don't know what to say. I don't fucking know what to say, for god's sake."
[removed]
"So basically I just started ranting and typing things that came to mind. Eventually I was not feeling like I did when I started but I went to the effort to type it, someone may find it interesting.

Title: Want to die, but can't.

tl:dr; The heading

So basically there is a whole lot of me that want's to just give up. I mean, I have this masterful plan which involves a bridge and a rope to end with a bang but there is this tiny part of me that doesn't.

I'll give you some history. I usually come across as shy, (somewhat) arogant and seems like I don't have a lot to say (which is usually the case). Combined with the non-stop emotional slaughter my sister gives me almost daily, I'm not that out going which I think is part of me feeling like this.

There is also the year of bullying I got at school but that wasn't as big of a factor I don't think since I tought care of that (the right way, no fights). Now this may come across pathetic (probably is), but I have no real friends that are girls. I mean, yeah, I can say 'hey' to quite a few but I won't get invited out or anything.

Even with guy friends I am usually the last one to be called for anything mainly because I live the furtherest away from the places to go socialise (I want to move closer) and for how I am, I suspect.

Also, at the start of the year I was almost in a relationship with a girl. Yes almost, but the long and short of it is, she chose someone else over me which doesn't help much either.

Since grade 10 I have had my mind set on becoming an engineer and I'm currently doing that. I'm in my second year (woo!), but I dislike the actual engineering part (not the math, but moments, forces, bending etc) and I'm not sure if it's what I want to do. 

Combined with that my part time job (actually a casual job but more of a part time thing) is so dead end, I can barely pay for my fuel to drive to uni, if my car breaks I am fucked six ways with no hope and I am not guaranteed any hours so I can't save any money since some weeks I can't work due to uni finishing late some days and them not having any hours.

To make things worse, my mum (who I live with), is having some financial trouble - we should be good in a few weeks hopefully - but I still am stressed about not being able to pay for anything. Also, my sister constantly reminds me about of this, tells me to go to work (when she knows how it is) and tells me I do nothing for my mum (I help with computer stuff and tech stuff, but dont really wash anything unless she goes away for a while).

I've tried to get another job but Uni is such a pain to work around. I am only free 4 days a week (2 being the weekend) and this means every other applicant has an edge over me already. I want to become a freelance web designer while at uni but am not sure I can take that much responsiblity by myself.

I'm doing alright at Uni to (5.85 out of 7 for my first year), but as I said, I don't really like what I am doing. Also, my degree has like 10 girls in total so that also crushes me hopes at making any good friends (no girlfriends, just friends).

I know I probably have it alright, I know someone is probably homeless who is reading this or something but I just can't shake the feeling.

My plan was to go to this bridge and drop a rock off. time how long it takes to fall, and work out the birdge height (might as well put those physics to use aye?). Then buy some rope that is just over half the length of the bridge and tie a dead mans knot at the end. then drive to the bridge one night, and tie the rope to the railing and.. jump off. I even went so far as to learn the knot, but that was partly me just being curious.

And a few nights this year I have just cried, just thinking about me until I get so tired and fall asleep. I guess I just don't see anything in me. I have tried to be really nice to people. I've done the douchebag thing to people. I've been myself. I can't even reconize any signs  from this girl talk to regulary (the only one, mostly over msn, yes, how pathetic..) and she said she does like white men (like me, she is asian) but i am too scared to make things awkward and ruin what little i already have.. like I did with someone at the start of the year.

I'm not sure what I should do. I'm not fat, atheletic build... people think I am ""smart"" (omg you can code css!) and I don't do drugs or have done anything criminal... i mean, other people like me can talk with nice people and that. There is just something I want to fix, need to fix... but don't know what.

So I guess I am depressed, but I am not gonna go on medication to feel better... I am pretty anti drug for anything. I suppose...and I don;t want to tell anyone or else I'll be judged like no tomorrow. I mean it will be ""hey, its the guy that thinks about killing himself, lets be sure to be nice so he doesn't try anything""..

Oh btw, you may think ""dude that girl was over 3 months away! And I know, I don't have feelings for this girl.. but it still plays on my mind what I almost had (the relationship). I mean, I have nevr had a real girlfriend. Yeah, heaps of people on reddit are the same, i read it all the time but that doesn't make me feel any better.  I guess you could say I want someone to care about me. Which I do, but then again, I don;t want to screw anything up. I suppose I am scared of making things worse so i'll continue to be unhappy. I'm quite energised to tell this new girl how i feel but a friend of mine already liked her... and he asked her but she flat out rejected him. now It would be the biggedt dick move to try ask from my perspective. If i ask, and she says no, it'll be awkward  between us. if i ask and she says yes, our mutual friends will think less of me and her and the my friend will probably hate my guts... and then if things so wrong I lose/become awkward with half of my friends... and we go to the same Uni.

Man...it feels good to write this down, I'm quite happy but still stressed out. I forgot to mention I have an exam tomorrow which I am not fully prepared for. I mean, I know the principles. I know how to do it, except for the one part. I try and do it but I'm always slightly off and get it wrong. It's a kick in the balls when you study, understand it in the lecture and get home and attempt the assignment and you have no idea where to start and there are no examples even like it.

I'm pretty alright now I guess... or maybe I am just tired. In anycase you guys might like to hear my problems. Don't worry, that little part of me won't let me kill myself (like how the candidates on lost cant kill themselves).

"
"As long as I can remember I've been discontent. I can remember putting a gun to my head when I was in the 7th grade. I told myself that there is so much out there I can't do this yet. I kept telling myself you need to have sex. You need to love, live, and accomplish things.

If you saw me you'd think that guy has everything going for him (women, grades, money, looks), but inside I'm as poor as an Ethiopian baby. As I'm writing this I can't stop crying, a girl is coming over to spend the night in a half hour and shes probably gonna notice my eyes fuck. I have tons of friends, but I feel like none of them know me. They know me the super social intelligent guy, but they don't know me. I feel I've done a great job of hiding it and training myself into thinking all display of emotion (other than happiness) is weak. I feel like I've been depressed my entire life and in denial the whole time. In a way my intelligence is my downfall, I realized early on that being realistic about the world is negative as fuck because the world is fucked.

When I first started college I was pretty worried about failing out, which is probably why I succeeded. During my sophomore year I came pretty close to ending it, but told myself you have to finish what you start. The hardest thing for me has been living next to a 10 story parking garage, honestly I can't tell you how many times I've stood up there toes over the edge. Everyday I walk past it and it's the only thing I think about despite how much I try to immerse myself in studying or women or hobbies.

I'm a month away from graduation now. I've had plenty of internships, but I can't seem to find anyone to hire me. My plan right now is to go home for two weeks maximum. If I can't find anything by then I'm just going to leave, I can't stay there it's like hell in paradise. I feel, even with a great degree from a top 5 engineering school in the country, I still have no direction. I realized during my junior year I didn't want be an engineer anymore, but I knew I wanted that feeling of accomplishment. Some would say go to grad school, I can't handle anymore school.

I've done my fair share of drugs, experimenting when I can, trying to experience as much of life as possible and really that is all we have (our experiences). Right now I have pretty much zero serotonin in my system. I know my current manic depressive state is most likely caused by this and I'd love to blame it on this which I could easily rationalize any thoughts of wanting to die away, but I know I felt this way even before I ever started. I don't know why I'm fucking writing this.

If I can't find something to do by June, I'm going to hike the pacific crest trail. Part of me thinks this will be great for my psyche, my health, pretty much everything, but I know as I've been backpacking several times on my own that it is bitter sweet. When you're by yourself no one for miles and you're looking over a thousand foot cliff thinking what the fuck does it matter. At least in this place the animals will eat me and I won't get fucking embalmed. As much as I want to go, I feel like I won't make it out. Dieing alone in the middle of the woods has always seemed to me as the most peaceful way to go.

I'm not asking for help or to be talked out of anything. I just want someone to understand how I feel."
"I'm unable to make plans for my future. My days are filled with nothing but Internet, videogames, and biking when I have a chance to get outside. The fact is that suicide appeared as a simple solution more than once in my head but I don't even have enough willpower to end it all. The truth is I feel powerless and I'm filled with fears regarding what the future will bring. There's only one thing that's clear in my head right now... I know enough about resources for depressed people in my area, so if things start to become really ugly, I'll either find my way to a hospital, as a last resort or I'll just find a way to get out of depression alone (which seem almost impossible). It's all because everytime I think about suicide, I just end up thinking ""yeah right, life suck when you're stuck in an apartment doing nothing and having no job but I can't grasp the fact that I wouldn't be able to enjoy anything anymore"". 

It's as if I find comfort knowing that I could just end everything if life become unbearable but in the meantime, I can't stop enjoying simple thing like eating a good meal or going outside and enjoy  a scenic view. The hardest part is when I need to fake happiness, I don't want to explain everything everytime someone ask me if I feel good, so I'll just answer ""yes I feel good"" even if deep inside, I'm depressed as hell. It's also hard to function in daily life and keep looking for a job if I can't least have the appearance of an happy guy. So right now, I'm faking it most of the time, I'm faking it when I receive call from companies where I sent a resume. I don't know if I'll have to fake it when I'll get into an interview for the part-time course I want to take in September.

For sure I'm less depressed than before I got back on Paxil, but still everyday, it's hard to move-on.

I made a list of things I could do to improve my situation. At least I got a few ideas. I know that if I get a negative answer from the college where I sent an application, I could go to a college in another city where I would be almost certainly accepted. I could probably easily get a job low-wage job, if I don't care working in a restaurant, that would be another solution. I could also probably easily get student-loans if I'm accepted into college so that's another solution. My fears are all there because I'm not sure if all those things will happen within the next few months.  I will also need to get my own apartment next year in 2011, I'm currently living with my sister and we are both paying the rent but I can't stay there forever obviously."
[removed]
I've had to stop attending meetings with certain (lying scumbag) people at work because a lower number of people would come out.
"I won't go into all of the details, but basically I was suicidal yesterday. Had the gun in my mouth and was real close. But decided I still had some hope and called one of the numbers on the right. 

So, thanks for this subreddit and the hotlines. The woman I talked to was very understanding and let me off the hook (thought she was going to call the police, but didn't). I've had a good talk with the wife and other families members and have a good plan for a better future."
I just want to know you're all right.
"A few days ago I threw myself off a high bridge. Like, 120+ feet. I landed in water, broke my left tibula + fibula and some ribs. Lots of bruising too. Otherwise I'll be okay once the cast comes off. I guess that makes me lucky.

I don't know how to tell my friends that I tried to kill myself. I could never find a way to tell them about my depression, for fear of being a downer, imposing myself, and so on. In the past when I've opened up it just pushed people away. In these cases I presume they were unnerved and didn't know how to react. For these reasons I haven't really leaned on my friends for support.

I wouldn't want to put ""in the hospital, jumped off a bridge, I wish I were dead"" as my Facebook status. Aside from that I don't know what to do. A suicide attempt isn't something I feel I can keep to myself.

tl;dr : I tried to kill myself and I don't know how to tell my friends."
"It's all crashing down and I don't think I can go on like this for long. 

"
"I want to call the suicide hotline.  I feel very suicidal right now, i am even writing out the note.  Maybe if i just talk to someone.   I have terrible anxiety and calling a random stranger about this scares the fuck out of me.  I don't know if i can do it.  Are they alright there?  Understanding?"
"I have posted here multiple times before; and here I am again. Every day, I'm unhappy about who I am. Counselling has been nothing but foreign, ever since I realized my mom was insanely abusive and I would never forgive her. She ruined my self-esteem over the course of 18 years. I've been fucked over by her and old friends and old girlfriends so many times I'm starting to think I'm grossly wrong for staying alive. I just made a terrible mistake which is currently the cause of a huge trust breach with my best friend, who also happens to be my girlfriend. She and I are PERFECT for each other, and I got drunk and things happened and now she doesn't want to see my face. This isn't going away. It's a vicious cycle that every hotline in the world can't do shit for. I'm starting to think that I should have done this a long time ago. I always didn't with the hopes that things would get better. They haven't. I hate who I am on the inside, outside and everywhere in between. I will always be this ugly person, and I can't do it. I'm not strong enough. 

People would cry. Oh well. I cry.

EDIT: I'm much better now, guys. Thanks."
"I have been to four different psychiatrists over six years. None of them thought medication would work, but we've tried it anyway. I have tried three different medications with no noticeable effect.

I tried reading ""Feeling Good"", but I couldn't get through it -- it seemed to be obviously absurd.

I sometimes call the suicide hotline, but often nobody picks up. I guess it routes me locally, and my local center doesn't have enough money or people to man the phones. That's what they told me once when they did pick up.

I don't have health insurance right now, because I can't hold down a job.

I used to drink and smoke pot once or twice a week, but that didn't seem to have much effect on my depression. I don't drink or smoke anymore.

I'm not religious.

I have a lot of trouble leaving the house without having a panic attack.

I'm out of contact with most of my friends and family because I'm embarrassed about my situation and I don't want them to find out.

**edit:** I always find it ironic when someone calls suicide ""a permanent solution to a temporary problem"". For many people, the problem that precipitates suicide is long-term, not temporary.

**edit 2:** Has anyone here tried electroconvulsive therapy? I haven't, but I would happily experience large amounts of memory loss if I could feel better."
"I've had this friend for a while, and we get on great, and she's usually fine, but almost a year ago, her dad died from a pretty nasty illness, and she was dumped a couple of weeks ago, and then she badly broke her ankle.  It all seems a bit much for her, and I'm really struggling to provide any kind of support to her over the internet.  I'm not able to call her until later today, am I even helping here? Is there something more that I can do now? How should I steer the conversation, what should I do?
The chat is pasted below:
    51] her: ;(
    54] her: dude i'm so depressed i don't know what to do
    54] me: [her name]
    54] me: are you online now
    54] me: ?
    54] her: yeah
    54] me: ah, you're just hiding
    55] her: yeah
    55] me: you have to look at it like a comedown
    55] me: you have to know that you're only feeling sad because of something that has happened
    55] me: and that it will pass
    55] me: and that you will feel better
    55] her: no
    56] her: it's me
    56] her: it's not about what has happened
    56] her: robin just covered that up for a while
    57] me: that makes no sense
    57] her: i don't think i'm bipolar or anything
    57] her: but i think i just have a sad brain
    57] me: what did robin cover up?
    57] her: the pain
    58] me: what pain?
    58] her: this will sound really strange
    58] her: but u know me pretty well
    58] her: in my 1st year i was so unhappy
    58] me: sure
    58] her: and i wanted to go to sleep and not wake up
    59] her: i used to hope for it all the time.
    59] her: and i had this train of thought that i wasn't brave enough to actually do anything about it
    59] me: that is a scary train of thought
    00] her: it was my- 'the lamposts have grown legs'
    00] her: state of mind..
    01] her: to scared to steer the car into the side of the road
    01] her: so hoping they would grow legs and step out in front of me..
    02] me: do you think you're heading that way again?
    02] her: yes
    02] her: definitely
    02] me: do you have a therapist at the moment?
    02] her: been there for a while
    03] her: no
    03] her: and its coming up to a year since my dad died and i can't cope
    05] me: you will pull through, it's just the delayed loss hitting you
    05] me: it's a lot to deal with, and breaking up with robin clearly came at an awful time
    08] me: you have to know that there are people around who love you so much
    08] me: are you seeing much of any friends at the moment?
    09] her: not really
    09] me: well that's not going to help!
    09] her: i just don't see the point
    09] her: i was meant to go on that date on saturday
    09] her: and i just can't be bothered
    09] her: tired
    09] me: a newly single girl with a broken leg shut in - not cool
    10] her: i don't feel worth anything
    10] me: but you know that's not true
    10] her: no i don't
    10] me: well I'm telling you that it's not true
    12] me: how was staying with your mum the past fortnight?
    12] me: I mean beyond the ankle pain! ;)
    14] her: it's hard
    14] her: i can't take the pain she has
    14] her: and i am not strong enough
    14] me: you talking about your dad specifically?
    15] her: yeah
    15] me: [her name], you know you can talk to me anytime, right?
    15] me: but you know that this is what the support systems are there for as well as your friends
    15] me: I think very much that you should speak to your GP as soon as possible
    15] her: but people think i'm fine
    16] her: i'm strong
    16] me: well you don't think you're fine
    16] me: and you don't seem to think that you're strong
    17] me: I think that you've been hit by the robin thing, by your ankle and by your dad coming up - and it's a huge amount for anybody to take
    17] me: there's nothing wrong with looking for support from friends, and certainly nothing wrong with looking to doctors for help either
    17] her: but why would anyone know what has happened to me
    18] her: spend so long saying they wanted me
    18] her: and loved me and then walk away
    18] me: You have to drop robin from your mind
    19] me: he's inexperienced, totally inexperienced with relationships and he fucked up
    19] me: so you have to move on
    19] me: and totally forget about robin
    19] me: you don't have enough energy to heal your ankle, and think about your dad *and* worry about some boy who messed you about
    20] her: i just don't feel worth anything
    20] me: well I know a bunch of people who disagree
    21] me: the reason you feel that way is that you've had a load of shit go on at the same time which has kept on hitting you
    21] me: it's natural for anybody to be low after that
    21] me: and it's natural for you to reach out - so do it, reach out to friends, and to the doctors
    51] her: ;(
    54] her: dude i'm so depressed i don't know what to do
    54] me: [her name]
    54] me: are you online now
    54] me: ?
    54] her: yeah
    54] me: ah, you're just hiding
    55] her: yeah
    55] me: you have to look at it like a comedown
    55] me: you have to know that you're only feeling sad because of something that has happened
    55] me: and that it will pass
    55] me: and that you will feel better
    55] her: no
    56] her: it's me
    56] her: it's not about what has happened
    56] her: robin just covered that up for a while
    57] me: that makes no sense
    57] her: i don't think i'm bipolar or anything
    57] her: but i think i just have a sad brain
    57] me: what did robin cover up?
    57] her: the pain
    58] me: what pain?
    58] her: this will sound really strange
    58] her: but u know me pretty well
    58] her: in my 1st year i was so unhappy
    58] me: sure
    58] her: and i wanted to go to sleep and not wake up
    59] her: i used to hope for it all the time.
    59] her: and i had this train of thought that i wasn't brave enough to actually do anything about it
    59] me: that is a scary train of thought
    00] her: it was my- 'the lamposts have grown legs'
    00] her: state of mind..
    01] her: to scared to steer the car into the side of the road
    01] her: so hoping they would grow legs and step out in front of me..
    02] me: do you think you're heading that way again?
    02] her: yes
    02] her: definitely
    02] me: do you have a therapist at the moment?
    02] her: been there for a while
    03] her: no
    03] her: and its coming up to a year since my dad died and i can't cope
    05] me: you will pull through, it's just the delayed loss hitting you
    05] me: it's a lot to deal with, and breaking up with robin clearly came at an awful time
    08] me: you have to know that there are people around who love you so much
    08] me: are you seeing much of any friends at the moment?
    09] her: not really
    09] me: well that's not going to help!
    09] her: i just don't see the point
    09] her: i was meant to go on that date on saturday
    09] her: and i just can't be bothered
    09] her: tired
    09] me: a newly single girl with a broken leg shut in - not cool
    10] her: i don't feel worth anything
    10] me: but you know that's not true
    10] her: no i don't
    10] me: well I'm telling you that it's not true
    12] me: how was staying with your mum the past fortnight?
    12] me: I mean beyond the ankle pain! ;)
    14] her: it's hard
    14] her: i can't take the pain she has
    14] her: and i am not strong enough
    14] me: you talking about your dad specifically?
    15] her: yeah
    15] me: [her name], you know you can talk to me anytime, right?
    15] me: but you know that this is what the support systems are there for as well as your friends
    15] me: I think very much that you should speak to your GP as soon as possible
    15] her: but people think i'm fine
    16] her: i'm strong
    16] me: well you don't think you're fine
    16] me: and you don't seem to think that you're strong
    17] me: I think that you've been hit by the robin thing, by your ankle and by your dad coming up - and it's a huge amount for anybody to take
    17] me: there's nothing wrong with looking for support from friends, and certainly nothing wrong with looking to doctors for help either
    17] her: but why would anyone know what has happened to me
    18] her: spend so long saying they wanted me
    18] her: and loved me and then walk away
    18] me: You have to drop robin from your mind
    19] me: he's inexperienced, totally inexperienced with relationships and he fucked up
    19] me: so you have to move on
    19] me: and totally forget about robin
    19] me: you don't have enough energy to heal your ankle, and think about your dad *and* worry about some boy who messed you about
    20] her: i just don't feel worth anything
    20] me: well I know a bunch of people who disagree
    21] me: the reason you feel that way is that you've had a load of shit go on at the same time which has kept on hitting you
    21] me: it's natural for anybody to be low after that
    21] me: and it's natural for you to reach out - so do it, reach out to friends, and to the doctors
    26] her: i sat there last night and tried to work out if i had enough painkillers
    27] me: Frankyl, [her name], that's really scary
    27] me: please, please think about seeing a doctor
    27] me: do you still have the numbers of any people you saw straight after your dad died?"
"I feel trapped. My job is horrid, but I can't bring myself to look for another one. My home life is a nightmare. I just feel like running away from it all.

Over the past couple of weeks, I've been thinking a lot about how great it would be if I had a terminal disease or got into a fatal accident. I know these thoughts aren't normal, and need to know if I should check myself into a psych ward or something.

For the record, I'm male and in my 30's."
"First off, let me clarify. The child is not mine, but she did not cheat on me. She was pregnant when we started dating.

I recognize that it was 100% my decision to get involved with someone I knew was carrying another man's child, that parts on me. But the thing is, we've been dating about 5 months now, and I've fallen madly in love with her. So much so, I couldn't even imagine my life without her in it.

But the fact that she's having a kid that's not mine absolutely crushes me. Half the time, I can't even be in the same room with her, because my mind starts going mad. I have visions of her, the love of my life, fucking some other guy; him releasing himself inside her in their drunken haze... the thought makes me want to vomit.

I met her before she met the baby daddy, so my mind is always racing about ways I could have prevented this. ""What if I had kissed her that night, it would have been perfect. If I wasn't such a pussy, I would have just done it and everything could have been different""... I mean, god damn, she was ALL OVER ME, you guys have no idea. She obviously wanted me, and i wimped out, I didn't make a move, and now everything's gone to hell.

I guess not everything. I still have her... As gay as this sounds, she is my everything. I was the biggest fucking sad-sack in this town before we started dating... The depression was killing me, almost literally. I've struggled with suicidal thoughts before, and I'll be honest; Right now, I'm not. I'm posting this here because SS has helped me several times in the past, I'm looking for some sound advice... Maybe someone to knock some sense into me. If I'm out of line posting this here, please direct me to a more appropriate reddit.

This child is coming, and she's keeping it, she is about 7 months now. Abortion out of the picture. She has issues with adoption because she herself was adopted.

She lives with me at my parents house, we might as well be married. I'm 19, she will be also by the time the baby comes...

I will be raising this child, and sometimes, honestly, I don't know if it's what I want... I feel like my life is over before it's even begun.

I didn't think there could be anything worse than the crushing loneliness I used to feel before I met her. But this is on a whole new level of pain.

Reddit, I'm lost, any problem I've had before, there was always a clear way to make things better. This is so much different, no matter what I do, someone will end up hurt... I just don't know if I'm ready to sacrifice my happiness for a child that is not mine. At the same time, she relies on me for everything, I can't just throw her to the street with a kid.

...Send help."
"...and perhaps any other form of dependency or escapism, 'what you are doing is *surviving* ... but what you need to be doing is *living*. I thought that was a neat way of looking at life."
"I take Lexapro and went off Concerta 5 weeks ago cold turkey.  I was taking one 54mg and a 27mg plus 10mg Methylphenidate later.  Anyone else quit stimulants cold turkey, share any tips?  The depression is hard.  I'm not thinking of hurting myself I just thought this would be the best place to start."
"I am just so tired. I just want to give up and sleep forever. I just want to die and be at peace. All that is occupying my mind is suicide.

I first came upon reddit/suicide watch because I was deeply depressed, suicidal and terribly distressed. Coming across some of the links, reading the posts and some helpful respondents did helped, then. In fact, 2 of the reddits were helpful. So i decided to go back on meds - Prozac and Lorazapam. I thought I was getting better. But since then, the last few weeks I've deteriorated.

I've switched off my phone, ignore al my friends frantic calls and texts. I just can't be bother anymore. I've isolated myself. I just want peace and quite. What did some say? Apathy was worst then anger or pain?

I got depressed because of a whole series  of things - abusive childhood, abusive ex-boyfriends, losing my job in the whole economy mess and being unable to summon up the energy to look for another, being deeply in debt, losing friends through being so down depressed all the time.

I am tired. I've tried it all. See a doctor, seeing a professional counselor, trying to get up and about. I feel hopeless, useless, humiliated, embarrassed, tired, a huge total failure.I feel so lost that I can't even find myself anymore. I am so tired of trying and surviving. I am tired of trying to live and turn my life around.

Now, I can't even get out of my house. I feel nauseous all the time, When I am out, which is rare, I don't feel like coming home as it feels like a prison. When I'm out, I unconsciously, subconsciously almost step into traffic. I look up at tall buildings and think how it would be like if I were to jump out and where I would land. I can't even be bother to talk to the few friends I have left who are trying to reach me.

I am tired and on the verge of giving up. I am so tired of trying.

Help"
"Ever since I can remember, I've had a hard time connecting with people. I'm always the one listening, doing favours, giving 110% for others, but I've never had anyone really there for me when I need them. I try to make friends, but always end up feeling completely used in the end. Trying to connect with anyone on a romantic level is nearly impossible - as stupid as it sounds, people are always after my body, and not *me*. 

I can't recall any time I've felt truly *elated* in life. I've always been a bit of a loner, and eventually someone noticed this and took advantage of it - took advantage of me. After that point, I went off the deep end emotionally. I began using self-mutilation as a tool to cope with my emotions. Now I feel mostly nothing but empty. I can hardly get myself to look at my reflection in the mirror most days, I've convinced myself over the years that I'm worthless, unattractive, that I excel at nothing. Others convince me of this pretty much every day. 

Every day I wonder, what's the point of being here? I have no objective in life, I'm a university student that has no motivation to even be in school. It seems to me that I'm just taking up space, no one really wants me, and I don't really want to be here. 

I don't know where I'm going with this, but I just felt like getting that out... "
"I'm at a breaking point. I'm failing school, I'll never get a girlfriend, I'm never going to be successful. What does it matter in the end though? Humanity is fucked. We're going to hit peak oil soon, there's a growing threat of nuclear war, terrorism is on the rise, sunspots are getting worse. Everything is going pell-mell. I don't want to kill myself. I love my friends. But it seems like the only way. I just want all of this stress and worry to go away.

Just thought I ought to add, I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. Possibly severe clinical depression. Oh and [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BblV6AQsd2s) is my philosophy on life. I'm starting to think it's not possible. If I can't just swing it away, is it worth living?

EDIT: OK, I won't kill myself. It's still in my head, but I won't plan anything. Thanks guys. I might post an update in a while."
"For the last 4 years I've spent all my time working very hard to graduate with my bachelors degree. I have worked very hard and pushed away a lot of people that I could have been friends with to study, in the hopes that after I graduated I would be able to find a job. I have nothing else. No life, no friends, no other goals, no other dreams that don't involve me having my bachelors degree first. One relationship in my entire life, with someone who is now my best friend over the internet, but I refuse to see in person because I'm unable to get over her telling me that she loved basically all her other boyfriends more than she had ever loved me. This happened about a year ago. I've refused to date since to prevent this from happening to me again, whereas she's moved on and had three new boyfriends already since. In other words I'm basically a weak, utterly worthless loser. 

Today, I took a midterm in my statistics class and I'm almost certain that I failed it. Like, less than 25% failed it. Like, 0% failed it. It is worth 26% of my grade. The class is required for my degree and a prerequisite for every other class that is required for my degree. It is offered only once every year. If I fail this class, then it all goes down the tubes. I will not be able to graduate because I will have to wait for a year before I can retake it, and then have take another year to take all the classes that come after it. This would require that I pay for seven years of school, which is something neither I nor my mother can afford. 

I have no other friends except a few scattered acquaintances that I think are basically indifferent to me, no other purpose in life except to annoy random people on the internet, no skills or potential sources of income, nothing if I do not get this degree.

My mom called me and talked to me and somehow could tell that I was feeling bad. She asked me if I was considering suicide and I told her yes. She wants me to go to a counselor, but if I did so then I am certain that I would be institutionalized and I would be forced to drop this quarter, removing any chance I possibly could have had to redeem myself, so I refused. 

I planned that I would try to kill myself if it didn't work out this quarter, but my mom told me that she would kill herself if I killed myself, and so she forced me to promise that I wouldn't try until she was already dead. I don't know how long that will take. She's only late 50s, so statistically I have to suffer around another 20-30 years before I can try anything without it entailing unacceptable consequences. 

But I think she's the only one that me not being around would matter to, and I don't even understand why it matters to her. The rest of the world has no sympathy for a failure. I know my Professor has no sympathy for me. I have no sympathy for myself either. I wish I had never been born."
"Today was one of my shittest days I have ever had.

There is something wrong, but I don't know.  I feel a hurt deep down, like a physical emptiness that I never felt before.  

I have good grades, I have a fairly decent family life.  It is just that I am trans and I don't know how to tell my parents.  I have one friend who knows and she is like the best friend I have ever had.  I cry everytime I think of what she has done for me... and I have never met her in person before.  I had to reserve my tux for prom today too, which only helped to remind me and all the chatter about prom and dates.  It just makes me feel like pure shit.

Also, one of my teachers started insulting the gays by saying that only fags support gay rights.  Whatever.  

I am missing out on all the joys of life and I am just sitting here letting them pass me by.

Like, a question I have had recently is, that do friends really have those times when they just sit around and talk and laugh and have a good time.  I have never really had friends.  Like, I guess that is what has caused this whole situation.

It is just unbearable.  It is not so much the world around me that is the problem, it is me.  It is just that I am constantly having a fight with myself.  Like, a memory will come up that I absolutely hate or even after something annoying happens that I hate, I will start yelling at myself, inside my head or physically, depending on the situation.  An example of this is when a gym teacher said, ""Maybe next time you should swing.""  He said this in the utmost respectful and meant it in a kind way.  I snapped basically and would not stop winching and getting mad for the whole class.

Anyway.  I don't know.  I wish I could kill myself.  But, I can't cause so much strife in my family by having to have it cleaned up and bury me, etc, etc.  Whatever."
"I was diagnosed with clinical depression two years ago after I failed at killing myself (I was 17 at the time), and went through the standard myriad of medications and therapy, none of which worked. The past two years have been spent trying to distract myself from reality, usually unsuccessfully. Despite still being generally unhappy, I had managed to hold onto my convictions and keep a vague hope that the future would be better up until last month. Since then I've started reading about nihilism and questioning if there's even a point to continue living.

Nothing that previously mattered to me does anymore. I used to care about people, at least in theory, and I was a vegetarian and supported animal rights. Now it all seems futile since everything will die anyway. I've found myself completely ambivalent to the suffering and death of others. I've gone from complete pacifism to wanting to inflict harm on my college roommates, where I was able to tolerate them previously. I can't even enjoy my old methods of escape anymore.

I guess me typing this out means at least a part of me wants to not die, or just be proven wrong that suicide is the best option. But I don't see how it isn't. I keep coming back to wanting to not exist, to just escape from this shitty reality. Beyond that, I fail to see a purpose in life. I refuse to delude myself into thinking we have a creator, and as such we lack a specific design. Without that, and knowing everything will at some point in the future cease to exist, all we have is this miserable and brief life where we are under constant control from other, more powerful people. People powerful enough to decide for me that I don't have enough control over my own life to end it. That seems ludicrous to me. It feels like if I don't even have that right, I'll always be under somebody else's control. This line of thought always ends with me just wanting to escape it all through death.

While I've been wasting my time contemplating existence, I've had real life bearing down on me. My grades have slipped to just barely passing, and I have a lengthy term paper due next week I haven't started and I have no idea how to finish. My parents are pressuring me to get a summer job, despite me doubting I'm hirable, and I have no idea how I'll pass my exams. I hate my college, but I don't think I have the grades to transfer out, and have missed the application deadlines for next fall. Best case scenario, I manage to leave the country by transferring to a Canadian university next spring, but I doubt it will happen. I'm assuming I'll be stuck in my birth state which I completely loathe. I have nothing to look forward to except the next time I can get drunk."
"Hey SW, this is the only place this made sense to post. I wish this could be someone else posting, but she's not that lucid right now. My roommate's gf has been acting really weird (hallucinating, nonverbal, pretty much catatonic). She's diagnosed with OCD and on meds and everything, and I know they've recently changed her meds. To be honest, I don't know if she's taken a single one and this is some kind of Seratonin-storm-like kinda thing, or if she's been taking them and this is some kind of interaction. I just caught her with a handful of Motrin that she tried to sneak into the bedroom, but when I caught it she was smiling and mischevious, not exactly what I'd call suicidal behaviour.

I've known this girl only a few months, and she's definitely eccentric. She sleeps 14-18 hours a day, sometimes more, but she always seems to get her homework done, so until now, it's been a non-issue. Now, that laziness, combined with the new behaviour, is threatening her final exams, her GPA, and pretty much her entire academic career.

Her boyfriend / my roommate is at wit's end. He's got his own shit to deal with, and he has no idea what to do. It's shocking how fast this onset, best-case scenario this has all started over the last 12 hours. That's the only reason I'm so confused. My roommate won't doubt her, and I've offered to take her to the ER if we feel that her health is in danger. For now, she's made it out to the sofa, but she insists that she bring her gerbils with her. She's still (purportedly) seeing aliens everywhere, and will only communicate via text message. Does this make any sense to anyone? Should I be worried?

EDIT: Thanks for the advice, everyone. She's currently in a Concentrated Nursing Unit under 24h surveillance, and they think this is just a bad reaction to the Prozac. Apparently the symptoms gradually appeared, and it took a drastic change in her behaviour for us to notice, and I feel terrible I didn't investigate sooner. She's no longer scared or anxious, and everything seems to be under control."
"Moved from /r/depression, where there was no interest (I should take that as a sign that I'm a total loss and a drain on society, but I'm desperate at the moment, for which I apologize)

[previous post, if anyone cares](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bcuao/im_burnt_out_on_trying/)

After realizing about two weeks ago that my depression, on second examination, seemed to be more like bipolar II, I experienced a somewhat elevated mood as I thought that such a re-diagnosis would explain why treatments haven't worked for the past two years. Adding some Lamictal to the Wellbutrin I'd already been taking seemed to help a bit. 

I've quickly crashed again, though. I'm really slipping away from the few distant social contacts I still have (who are all passing me by in life, and therefore have fewer and fewer reasons to associate with uninteresting failures like me), prospects for employment (or for going to school and actually being productive) seem low, and it seems ever clearer that by imploding at the time I did I have completely screwed myself over for the rest of my life (however long that may be).

I'm starting to notice myself doing things I ordinarily would try to prevent myself doing--early this morning, for instance, I just set off for... well, one of a few places I'd rather be that's three hours' drive away from me, despite not really having the money to do so or any purpose for going. I turned myself around at the town about an hour away where you split off toward one set of destinations or the other. For the last few years I suppose I've been delusional about trying to fix my problems by running away from them--which never works, no matter how much I convince myself in the moment that my problems are in part due to living at home in a more conservative, less interesting place. (I even had the urge to do that early yesterday morning, just spontaneously setting off for someplace I'd rather be. I didn't even know exactly where, just the general direction. They're about 3 hours away, but I turned back around about 1 hour through, where the route for some destinations splits from the one going to the others.)

I've got nowhere to go, though. I don't have any real money or any means of getting some right now. Even menial jobs don't seem to be available around here, and even though that's all I'm qualified for, I can't help but think that by taking such a position I would just permanently devalue myself even further and sink deeper into meaninglessness, hopelessness, and depression. I try to start good habits--reading, following classes on OpenCourseWare, walking and eating better--but they never seem to take hold. I'll try to give myself at least the next year to turn things around by getting a job and classes, succeeding in them enough to be able to return to my university in fall '11. I don't know what I'll do if I miss that completely or if I simply break apart before then.

...Help? Anyone have advice? (Sorry I've subjected you to this.)"
"I know good advice when I hear it, but words are cheap and I can't follow through.  I've finally come to terms with it.  I'll always feel and be this way. 
 
I've talked to a lot of you guys under different usernames over the past year.  I don't think I would've made it this long without you.  Thanks for the talks and advice even if it didn't end well.

**EDIT: I think I've found a way to follow through.  I'm not sure if it'll work, but I'm at least willing to try it.**

"
"My past life has been weird so im trying to start new. Lately I havent given a fuck, and ive been letting go. I dont care what I say to people (except at work, I have to see those people everyday and i need a job) but that seems to make people like me more. I joke around a lot, really cool chill toker, super smart (compared to many of the people I meet) kind, just a cool dude. But at the same time I dont want to be with people anymore. I use to be ENFJ, and I changed somehow to INTP, which Im really similar too. I think I switch between the two, which fucks up a lot of things. Im not depressed now, i might be going crazy though. I have no one to talk to, person to person. Ive tried to get peoples attention but it doesnt work. Anyway, Im just trying to sort things out and see what you guys think, your responses help clear my mind. Its like a huge bowl of words and I have to pick them just right."
"Back in '06 I moved to Vegas with some friends.  For the first couple months it was all fun and parties.  I was living the life, then something changed.  I still don't know what set it off, but I slowly started to recoil from social activities.  7 months later I had almost no contact with other people, even my roommates.  I thought about suicide on a daily basis, the only thing that stopped me was that I didn't want my little brother (13 years old at the time) to have to deal with the psychological trauma of that.

After a couple weeks of not showing up to work, my boss called my parents because they were listed as my emergency contacts.  I got a voicemail from my dad, a man I have NEVER gotten along with, telling me how worried he was.  They wanted me to come home so I could deal with whatever I was going through.

About 6 months after moving back I was doing pretty well.  I started going back to school, had a job that I kind of enjoyed and had an amazing girlfriend.  Fast forward 2.5 years - stress from work, school, and family started weighing on me.  I started to make some bad choices, though none were TOO bad until one.  I broke up with my girlfriend because I had slipped back into such a depression that I didn't see myself as being good enough for her.  It was a very abrupt break up and hurt her a lot.  In hindsight, she was one of the few positive things in my life at that time and that was a horrible decision.

I managed to focus all this negativity toward working hard in school and trying to fix everything.  It wasn't easy convincing myself to do it; all I wanted to do was stay in bed all day.  It's been 14 months later and here I am, decent paying job, 3 consecutive quarters with a GPA at or above 3.7, life seems to have turned around, right?  That's what I thought...

I started feeling like I was rebuilding myself, all the pieces were going back in their correct places except for one.  Not a day has passed without me thinking of my ex.  What we had is the missing piece.  After a couple months of trying to summon up the courage to talk to her, especially hard because I feel extremely guilty about how callously I acted when I broke up with her.  Last week we talked a bit on facebook and decided that on monday night we would meet up and talk some more in person.  I had gotten my hopes up, it seemed to be going my way, i was finally going to be whole again!

Three hours of talking later, my soul was shattered again.  She said she forgives me for the way I broke up with her, but she is too afraid of getting hurt again to risk giving ""us"" another shot.  I understand her reasoning perfectly and can't blame her, I probably wouldn't want to either if I was her.  Since monday night I have been in this tailspin.  I haven't eaten because I feel sick constantly, I haven't been able to get more than 1.5 hours of sleep a night, and it takes all my strength to maintain my composure while at work or school.  I need this to stop before I get to the bottom again.  I'm scared of being there again, I hated feeling like that.  How do I stop this where it is?

tl;dr:  Suffered from pretty bad depression a few years ago, seemed to be coming back from it, but now I am slipping back.  Need a way to stop it before it gets as bad as it was before.

Sorry about how long this is, I tried to keep it short."
"Don't think anyone saw it. I deleted it this morning. 

I don't even know why I did it. It felt right.

"
"Dear redditors,

All my life I've been trying to be the best person I can be. I always think a lot about everything, trying to make sure I always make the best decision, and speacially to make sure nobody gets sad because of me. I try very hard to please everyone's wishes and to make the less negative impact possible over the world I live in. I usually deal well with the fact that people don't care much about my interests if they need to do that to be happy. I always listen to everyone's problems and try to help. I try to keep my family together, I try to make my friends feel good around me. However, it seems that this idea I have about myself is not true. Even my closest friends say that I'm always self centered, that I don't understand this or that, I'm arrogant, coward, selfish, etc. I never thought about myself as being arrogant, specially because I'm very insecure. I never EVER brag about anything good I do. I try my best to be tolerant, to not judge anyone. But, when I talk to others, even my best friends, I get the impression I'm never good enough, I should always be better in every way. I feel like shit. I always share everything I have.... I just don't understand what I do wrong, though I certainly do everything wrong. I don't know what to do... I just don't feel I can live like this. It's too much for me to be judged all the time. Sometimes I just wish someone could tell me one nice thing, just one. I wish I could feel I am loved, that my company is appreciated, and that I'm a good person. Apparently I'm not loved and that's because I am not a good person after all... :'(
"
"Long-time lurker, first-time poster.

One year ago, I suffered what I consider to be the worst emotional injury of my life.  A girl was involved.

I thought that one year was enough to get past this, but now I think I was wrong.

What I don't understand about this issue is that sometimes, I'm okay.  I think ""man that was pretty bad, but it doesn't seem so bad now"" and everything is fine.  Then, a few days later (like today) I'm putting together plans to hurt myself.

What is most interesting is that I can be in the middle of raging silently and laying out all kinds of plans for revenge or hurting myself (or whatever else you might expect), but as soon as I decided ""I'll send an email / make a phone call / meet with someone"" the rage disappears.  The catch here is I'm only okay up until I send that email / make that phone call / meet that person.  Once the actual event is done, I immediately go back to feeling like roadkill.

I don't know what this means.  It doesn't really correlate to anything other than making the decision to communicate somehow.

That's not the main issue, however; I am (still) in a situation that makes me feel as though I have to choose between friends.  I feel as though I was very unfairly treated, wrongfully blamed, a victim of a double-standard, and now expected to ""just deal"".  That's not how my mind wants to handle things at all, and man, it's getting dark in here.

I would like someone to PM me if possible... I don't like the idea of barfing the entire story out to thousands of people just yet.  It's hard to talk about."
"This has been going on for awhile, and she constantly loses her shit over what most people would consider to be little things. How can I help her? I'm in desperate need of help."
"First the bad news:  I'm not sure if I did enough drugs to suffer brain damage or anything, but I definitely don't feel as witty or sharp as I used to be.  I took a lot of valium, xanax, alcohol and tramadol.  Should I be worried?  Or will it wear off eventually?

[Good news: News ahoy :)](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/bvgv7/what_should_i_tell_my_doctor/)

I'll be seeing a doctor tomorrow if I can find one open on a Sunday that doesn't look sketchy.  And if not tomorrow then definitely Monday.  I have to admit I'm still not feeling any better, but at least there's some hope.  I'm going to listen to some music now.  

If anyone younger is afraid to tell their family about their sickness PM me and I'll give you the details of what's worked for me.  Thanks everyone on /SW... I really can't get over how strange it is for me to be here right now.

**EDIT: When you sit down in a doctor's office one of the first things they ask you is *why are you here?*  I told my doctor (female :) ) that I was having suicidal thoughts, had lost all interest in anything and that I just didn't care about life in general anymore.  I left out the fact that I attempted suicide...I could tell she was fishing for whether or not I planned to do it soon, so I assured her they were just fantasies.  She was actually really sweet and it was nice to talk to somebody (face-to-face) about the feelings that I've hidden for so long.  That in itself was cathartic.  I didn't cry haha but, I admit I did well up a bit while answering certain questions.**

I was prescribed Citalopram.  Has anyone had any experience with this drug?  It was amazingly cheap $4...I ended up paying like $87 for the consultation and I really don't think that was too bad either.  I guess it'd have been a hell of a lot worse if I needed x-rays/etc.

I took one of the pills as soon as I left the clinic and proceeded to go around town trying to find a picnic basket (I've needed one for awhile.)  There are absolutely no picnic baskets in my city AT ALL.  I really went to 7 different stores.  I compromised and bought a wicker basket that's like a picnic basket without the handles or lids.  It looks nice, though and that's really what's important.  If all goes well in the world I'll be going on a date tomorrow...I've had it planned for a bit, but I canceled because I didn't plan on being around.  I hope she accepts, because I just spent $50-70ish dollars on picnic accessories. 

I guess I could take it all back, but I'm sure some girl in the future would love a good picnic.  I'm feeling good right now, but I doubt it has anything to do with the pills.  It's probably the combination of telling someone how I really feel, finding hope with treatment and a few good conversations on my hunt for a picnic basket.  All in all it was a good day and it isn't even over yet.  I'm going to relax now and just surf the web.  Send me a PM if you want to chat :)
"
"Weekends are always the worst for me.  I'm only 17, but I feel like time is slipping through my hands like sand.  It seems like just yesterday I was in the first grade finger painting and I'm sure when I'm on my death bed I'll be thinking the same thing about today.  These are the last days of my childhood and they have come much too soon.  I already have so many regrets. How many am I going to have when I'm 20? 30? 40? 70?

I know that you aren't supposed to live with regrets, but that's just not possible for me.  There are so many things that I wish I could do differently.  Even though I not it's not possible to change the past I still fixate on what I wish I could change.

I really wish I could go back and start playing football when I was a freshman instead of being too shy to talk to the coaches.  I've begun to fix that, but only playing football for one year?  I want more, but am I skilled enough to play in college?  I don't know.  Speaking of college I don't have any idea what I want to study in college.

What if I had killed myself when I had the opportunity?  I wouldn't be here.  I wouldn't have to deal with any of this.  I still have that option.

I just don't know what to do.  During the week when I have football training I always feel so full of life and energy and almost invincible after training, but on the weekends I can't get to the gym and I fall into this cycle of depression.

Why does this happen to me?  Nothing interests me on weekends.  I should be happy to have all this free time, but free time only gives me the chance to think about my life.  Which causes me to become so depressed.

What am I going to do with my life?  Will I ever be married?  Will I ever have children?  What will be my career?

I had pretty severe suicidal periods when I was younger and after they had passed I promised myself that I would never allow myself to consider suicide again, but it's odd how radically your outlook on life changes.

I just don't know what to do.  Why can't I be happy? *sigh* I'm going to go cry in the shower with a bottle of vodka."
"Well, well, well... here we find ourselves yet again, depressed and alone. you know, heh? anywho, im sick and tired, let's just go to sleep form a long whiiiile..."
"I'm an idiot. I find it hard to talk about my suicidal thoughts with people because they would look at me in a different light. A lot of things in my life are really fucked and I would much rather just die. I realize that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but I would rather take the easier way out.

Sorry I'm being pretty vague. I'm kind of paranoid that people that I know would read this and figure out it was me.

I don't know anymore..."
"Hey Reddit I need some serious advice. 
I'm a 22 year old male currently living with his parents in the Netherlands. I have no clue whats happening to me and to be honest i'm pretty scared. I currently have nothing going on for myself in my life, I have no goals or expections for the future and every day is just another boring routine. I've tried being outside as much as possible, trying to get dating with girls, going to the gym or go places to meet other people. I tried to get high or drunk but simply nothing helps. I've also seem to be caught in a mood rollercoaster, sometimes during the day I seem to be very optimistic about my life and accept that right now i'm in a dark spot and everything will get better if I wil lgive it some time, and then a few hours later i'm more depressed then I have ever been thinking about suicide and recently even started cutting myself, not to kill myself or get attention but simply because it feels great in those moments. I cant make sense of this I can't controll my feelings or my mood and it really does scare me. A few months ago I *fought* hard to get back into college and finish it, under some special circumstances I got accepted and was happier then ever. But now 3 months later I don't give a shit anymore, I can't even bring myself to do homework or study, when I'm in school I cant even pay attention. I don't even know why i'm posting this but I really need some guidance or help in the right direction. And I have no idea if im even posting in the right subreddit either. Im going to sleep now but I will reply in the morning (PS throwaway account :))"
"Gotta stop my meds (marijuana). Gotta find a way to get it cheaper or something, but for now I have to stop. I just fear that I will go back to what I use to be before I found it (very bad). Maybe it wont be bad or go back, but stomach pain and nausea wont help. Sigh, idk what to do, the things I seem to love always go away, I literally have nothing again. Fucking life sucks sometimes. I try to do well, and just lay low but shit always seems to happen. Oh well.."
"I am just a young man (just turned 18), but i feel like my hope for the future is dwindling.  I have so many things ""wrong"" with me that i feel like ill never be able to maintain a fun life or get in a relationship with anyone.

Since i was a child i was diagnosed with a moderate hearing loss and it gets worse every day.  It has affected my speech so much that many people have a hard time understanding what i say.  I fear that i may soon go deaf in a few years.  

I have been having really bad back problems in the past year that essentially renders my back a giant hump.  I have scheurmans disease which makes me self conscious to take my shirt off or even where a t-shirt.  People have been making fun of me for a long time for this and it restricts me from exercising or participating in things i really enjoy.  (like swimming)

Not to mention i am already unattractive, with glasses and pasty, white skin.  My face looks bloated while the rest of my body remains bony.  I have a degenerative knee disorder that makes it very difficult to run or squat.  

However, my saving grace is that MENTALLY, i am very sharp and quick witted.  I have often been quoted as being really funny. (Voted funniest person in class last year) and i feel like i am a really attractive person MENTALLY.

I am tired of physical limitations keeping me from doing what i really want to do, but i feel like there is too much stacked up against me.  When i read stories about a guy who has a good life but only has one thing wrong with him that he complains about, i lose hope in the fact that i have so much going against me.

I feel that if i ever truly lose my hearing that will be the end for me.

EDIT: After talking to a complete stranger at panda express, i realize that i am still a really funny and likable guy, but if i become deaf, i will really struggle. :/"
[removed]
"I hate my life and the world.

So far, I've suffered:

* Epilepsy(seizures)
* Rejections of dream jobs due to Epilepsy
* Heartbreak(I know it's common, still hurts)
* Death of loved ones
* Job loss
* Eviction
* Loss of Long-time Friends due to death or petty fights
* Deep Debt with no sign of getting on top of it
* Homelessness (2009, I was living out of my car)
* Forced to move from city I love to move home where I live in Father's home, where he doesn't live, so lonely
* Various illnesses/injuries(STD from a girl I met at church, month-long stomach infection, hernia, horrible burn on wrist from boiling water, etc.)
* Picked on constantly as a kid/teenager
* Black sheep of family

Why should I live?"
"I'm 19. I have no friends at all. Everyday I go to class I feel transparent, no one ever talks to me or even looks at me. My first and only friend was my ex and she dumped me about six months ago. I suffer from clinical depression. Everyday I drive home, sit on my room to read reddit all alone. My dad is not home almost all the time, my brother comes once every three days or so. My mom is the only person I could talk to but she comes home late at night. I talk to her about her problems all the time. Whenever I try to talk with her about myself (my depression mostly) she ends talking about her relationship with my dad, her work problems and such. I've given up and don't try to talk about myself with her anymore

I don't have anyone. I don't want therapy, simply I don't want a paid friend. I feel completely hopeless. I am failing most of my classes because I simply can't get myself to care anymore. Everything feels pointless. I have nothing to expect. Each week passes exactly like the last one. I just want to end it. I feel like a burden to my parents. They're paying for my tuition and I'm failing the classes. I believe they would be much better without me, at least after a time passes. To top everything off I have a skin condition that makes my skin flaky, red and extremely itchy, I'm in constant discomfort most of the time.

I'm too much of a pussy to commit suicide. One of the medications I'm taking has ""sudden death"" as a rare side effects. I secretly wish it happens.

I don't see the point on living anymore ..."
"Hello SW...I hope things are well (as can be) with you all.

I wanted to share some of my recent thoughts with you all for two reasons - one, because it just feels good to know others who understand will be reading what I write and two, see number one. 

I have, despite all of my most concerted efforts, become a slave to my own mind. I endure constant urges to deny my age (31) and live a life of unbridled risk-taking reminiscent of my early 20's, when all I could think about was doing crazy shit that resulted in endangering myself and my well-being. 

This could be anything from quitting a job just to change things up, flirting with death by racing through traffic on my mountain bike, going to death metal concerts and picking fights with skinheads, etc. etc.

I guess I can't seem to grow up. I've gotten roughly 30 hours of tattoos in the past year and can't stop myself from making generally poor decisions. I've stopped giving a fuck about the consequences of my actions and I feel it's just a matter of time before I wake up and say to myself, ""Today is the day. Today, I end my life.""

Suicide, to me, is a fascinating idea. The concept of taking control over one's life to such an extreme as to end it early is, I believe, the ultimate display of ownership of one's life. It's a blatant slap in the face of destiny, and it is as powerful an action as a human being can possibly take. 

This enthralls me like nothing else. I get so excited and, strangely, happy when I think about death that I become drunk with the thought of it. I sit at work and instead of actually working, I think about how my final moments will be spent. I think about the setting around me as I sit alone in my final hour and really take in the reality of what is about to happen. This fantasizing occurs daily and has been for years. 

From the outside looking in, most would say I lead a pretty good life. I'm healthy, I'm in no kind of debt, I have plenty of money, I can get laid pretty much whenever I want and even my Warcraft characters are all maxed out. 

Life is, objectively speaking, pretty good. 

But subjectively, I do not wish to be here. Knowing how rampant evil is in the world, and knowing that I will never see the day when things like religious persecution and cultural ignorance finally die off, really brings me down. Most people are able to sort of 'forget' about these facts of life, and continue living as if there AREN'T children being sold as sex slaves around the world, and that there AREN'T drug-fueled wars being waged on just about every corner of the Earth. 

But I am not able to do this. I've tried. 

I give it 5 years. I'm pretty sure that between now and when I turn 36, I will kill myself. It will not be an unsuccessful attempt - because my method of choice is damn near infallible (12 ga. shotgun blast to the brainstem). 

But between now and then, I wonder if I will have any experiences in life that will make me change my mind. I wonder if I will fall in love again, or if I will find some reason to live that is potent enough to stave off these constant thoughts I have of ending my own life. 

Believe me when I say that I would rather stay alive and find a way to be happy than give up and commit suicide. This is absolutely true. But, having dealt with these feelings and compulsions for close to 20 years now, I think it's impossible. 

Therapy? Been there, tried that. The results were laughable. 
Pharma? I've been on at least a dozen different drugs, to no avail.
Meditation/holistic healing/hynotherapy/etc.? Tried it all.
Sex and music? These have come closer to alleviating my depression than anything else. 

I've come to the realization that life just isn't for everyone. We are born into this world without choice - why shouldn't we proclaim ownership of our mortality if we want, and terminate this foul existence if that is our wish?

I will try to smile today, regardless of all of this. 

Thanks for reading. "
"EDIT: I have a work thing right now, so I have to get away from the computer. Time to put on a smile and get to work. Thank you so much everybody for responding until now, and I'll get back on reddit as soon as I can. You really are beautiful people. Sincerely, Thank you. 

I am writing this with tears running down my cheeks, and my gut being so clenched that I think I am going to vomit any second.

I don't know how much I'll be able to type out, but it feels like every keystroke is just a clarification that what just happened really happened. I'm in a relationship, or was in one... or something. It wasn't the most conventional relationship, and I've posted on reddit about it under my real account, which is why I cannot give too much info about it here.

It was (I feel fucking strange saying was instead of ""is""), with the person I love, the only person on earth that understood me. This person knows that he is the most important person to me in the world, and knows that I wouldn't do anything ever to hurt him.

About 1 hour ago, he threw me out of his house. 

He set me in front of the door, like trash, in an completely unprovoked state. The story sounds so stupid when typed out, but he was cleaning the house. I asked him multiple times if I could help him, but he declined. I was then finally determined to go to the supermarket, to buy some stuff for tonight (we had dinner plans). I was looking for him to clarify some things, when I walked outside, thinking he was there. As I walked inside, I got some mud on the floor. He came in, saw it and asked me what the fuck I did. I said I was sorry, and that I'd help him clean up. I was trying to find a mop or something, but he just told me ""Go home, clean your own apartment"". I insisted to help him clean, but then he pushed me against a door, and imitated me ""Wewewe can I help you?"", he said, mocking the way I offered to help him. 

I thought the best thing would be to let him cool down, because he was mad, so I went upstairs to get my glasses from the bedside. When I was downstairs again, he had all of my things stuffed into two plastic bags. He told me to take everything, and to give him his clothes back (a few shirts of his are at my place). I looked at him in sheer shock and asked him what was happening, because I simply couldn't grasp how this situation had happened. He pointed a middle finger and told me to go fuck myself.

I have never heard anything like that from his mouth before. I've never thought he would say something like that.

Completely perplexed and baffeled I went to the front door, he had already put my shoes outside. 

I got on my bike but I couldn't move I was standing in front of the house where my happiest hours had been spent.

I saw a glimpse of him in the window, where he closed the shutters.

Alone I went bicycling home, in the rain. I had never felt so vulnerable or humiliated my whole life. 

I feel like my soul has been crushed, and that my heart is going to stop beating. The person I loved has completely sent me away. He is the person I know everything about and who knows everything about me. We spent the best time of my live together. I just feel so stupid and foolish.

I have no friends. Only him.

I don't know what to do, because writing this post is the only thing I can do. 

I feel like I want all of this to be over.

Please. Someone just talk to me. I have nobody else to turn to.

edit: i just read over my post. the way i describe it seems nothing near as dramatic as it really was. I just don't think i can express it this way."
"hi Tim,

i'm pissed about something and have no one to vent to. Christine's pissed about the same thing but i'm trying to be cool.

basically, over the winter we loaned her brother (a mob associate) a grand total of $26,000 to pay for gambling debts. He was then supposedly on a payment schedule of $2K a month which would pay us back in a little over a year.

well, turns out Christine tells me this morning that he ""can't pay us back"". 

ever hear the fable about the grasshopper and the ant? google it. i am the ""ant"", always have been, and i'm sooooooooooo tired of it.

don't worry, i have quite a bit of money.... but i/we never take vacations, go out to dinner, movies, etc... i/we save every penny.

so the PowerBook i thought i was going to give you? i'm having to keep it and postpone getting a new computer that i NEED for work.

sometimes, i really think, in my next life it would be easier in life to be a moron and not have to try so hard. so every book i denied myself buying, every movie i denied myself seeing, every trip to the Caymans Christine and I wanted to take but never did??? the Alfa Romeo i almost paid cash for in 1999?

may as well have.

uuuuuuuuuuuugh.

love,
Scott


Tim, here's rant part 2:

my reply yesterday (after leaving for work after yet ANOTHER arguement w/Christine over this)
was to go and buy another Maya textbook.

i came home, she was sorry she started the fight. i said: ""well, i purchased a $30 maya textbook. i didn't buy a $30 cigar (ahem) to smoke while i drank and gambled.""

the situation makes me feel like a fool. i'm self-made, self taught. people come to me for advice and help, but when i have a question that i REALLY need an answer to, like ""the Nvidia Gforce 330M... can i upgrade the on-board RAM?"" all i get is ""crickets"": chirp chirp chirp...

dude, i've been making $100K since 1999... but no vacations, no nights out, not much joy. just guilt heartache and self-injury. just living within my means while the kids enjoy $70 sneakers, new designer clothes a full fridge and all expenses paid, and sports &amp; good equipment as it should be. the money i spend on myself is clothes for work, books and software/hardware. note the absence there of alcohol, cigars, bars and gambling which is in stark contrast to the astounding idiocy that gets shoved in my face. oh did i mention Prada sunglasses and a new Lexus for him and his wife? seems the $26K is a ""secret loss"". she already left him once because of his line of work. new clothes, his facebook pictures. i don't go on facebook anymore. not for nothing but i can't believe what a slut her sister Jenn turned out to be. have you seen her pics/posts. UNREAL.

next up: her other brother is getting divorced. he's next in line with an open hand, i think. her dad, a former millionaire, is tapped out. can you imagine? tapped out.

and i'm 40. retraining myself for a new career in 3D with the full support of my agent. busting my ass. every free moment spent learning. her dad tells me ""at least i have you and Christine to be proud of"". heartbreaking.

and now this: out of frustration i set my wedding ring finger on fire last week. i actually took a blue propane torch and held it to my ring finger until it caught fire. now i have a divot in the side of my finger where the skin used to be and the raw muscle is showing. i've been to the MD and the psychiatrist in response. it's healing. some people cut. i burn. i don't hide it from the psychiatrist.

anyway. i'm very proud of you, dude. and lilli.
and still, after all this time, if you read between the lines, you can see the reasons why i don't want to see/talk to anyone else but you and occaisionally mom. it's just too fucking much.

love,
Scott"
"I am posting here again, and am not remotely suicidal but am angrily waiting to see my GP for a prescription change.

I am here on a Friday. I live in a shitty horrible town full of tweakers and idiotic college-kids (not university, mind you). I am bored, and I am lonely.

I am talking to some people on my computer which is okay, I guess. I don't know really. What should I do?! I have no schoolwork, no hobbies I want to do (I don't play guitar/piano when others are around), and I am tired. 

See, I would usually go workout at this time, but I am so tired and sick of exercise. I hate exercising. I used to like it when I ran with my dog a few months ago but my dog died (so it goes). I don't want to watch movies or anything, I want to feel genuine human interaction and talk to someone. I don't want to get high or drunk with my ""friends"" and I don't want to play video games.

Oh god, what do I do? I dread the anticipation of this weekend because I fear a lack of social interactions. And I'm even going to fucking Spain in a month, and I'm bitching!"
"I'm 23/female, a graduate student, and I can honestly say that I've had a blessed life up to this point. 

Still, I've struggled with depression ever since I can remember and for the most part it's under control (I take Wellbutrin, which helps), but once and a while, maybe three times a year, I'll get overwhelmed and extremely depressed. 

On nights like these, I'll sob and cry and curl up on the floor, and then I'll start cutting myself. I use a kitchen knife, and I usually target my wrists and inner thighs. I'm not trying to kill myself, and the cuts aren't very deep. I'm so upset that I kind of go numb, and it doesn't even hurt that much (it does hurt the next day though).

I know it's stupid behavior. I'm incredibly ashamed of it and I don't understand why I do it. When I get to that point, it's like I can't even control myself anymore. I don't really buy into the whole ""it hurts on the inside so I have to make it hurt on the outside"" theory. 

Does anyone else around my age do this? Does anyone have any ideas as to why? Or what I can do to get myself under control when I fly off the handle like that?"
"I posted in SW a few weeks back. I'm going through stress with exams and trying to cope with depression. Since I last posted I got back to University and I've tried to get help. I saw a psychiatrist and was prescribed 15mg Mirtazapine, i've been taking the pills for about a week now. I thought things were on the way to improvement, that was until the last few days. I've isolated myself since Saturday evening and wrote a suicide note.

Even though I didn't want my parents worrying about me I decided to tell them what I was going through, mainly about me failing the year and being depressed. I don't understand why things were going great then suddenly last night I'm thinking of killing myself again. I don't feel stable and I don't feel like I've improved; just been distracted from what is actually going on in my head.

I don't know what to do, I don't feel like talking to anyone. People just judge and tell me what they think is the 'right' thing to do.

(PS. throwaway account)

**Edit:** Just updating. Had a visit from a councilor today because I wasn't answering my phone. I'm being seen tonight again to see if i'm safe. I've started to eat food again but still feeling like crap. I feel like I'm just distracting myself though as time passes by."
"Just to start, I'm really thankful that there are places like this where I can speak without jumping through hoops or feeling embarrassed. I posted a pretty long (850+ words) on a counselling site that is well known in the area I live, however I can't read my message again until it's moderated by a volunteer, so I'm summarizing here. 

I was put down a lot as a kid. Lots of name calling by kids at school, and by my brother. I became an introvert, seeking solace in my imagination, my dreams, myself. I never pursued ""typical"" interests much, like sports and bike riding.

My parents moved me around a lot during my adolescent years, long distances that separated me from my friends, hometown and everything I ever came to settle in to. For someone who had trouble being accepted and finding true friends I could relate to, this was a massive blow. They did this to me around 4? times, and during one of the last times, so far from home, living in a shit house without anything I cared for, I began contemplating suicide. Before I followed through with it, though, I returned to the place I call home.

My parents are very stubborn people, believing that everything they do for us is right, and questioning them usually involves them shooting us down, or a melodramatic argument and pissiness. They also constantly quote how their parents raised them, which I feel is out of line with how kids are raised in this country and in this time. As a result, they bought themselves gifts and spent money when there was something they wanted, and really only got my brothers and I stuff ""on birthday and christmas"". This never bothered me much, except when I saw that other parents on lower incomes got their kids more than mine got for me. They blew all their money on moving back and forth. 

I feel okay right now, but maybe that's good, as it lets me write without being coloured by bad feelings. Recently, within the past few months, I've become feeling extremely inferior to my friends and those around me. Jealous at them having jobs before me (immigration never let me work until a few months ago), having cars, parents helping them learn to do the things I always wanted to do but was never taught how. My relationship with my girlfriend, one of the most giving and understanding people I've ever met, is on the rocks after almost 2 years together. 

Sometimes I don't even want to look in the mirror, I'm ashamed of who I am. I find it hard to sleep, and have been having nightmares in a row, 3 or 4 in so many nights. Everything reminds me of how insignificant and helpless I am, and how even if I get to be the person I wanna be, the memories of these times, and the effects they've had on my relationships, will continue. When things are good, I'm perfectly normal and happy, and tell myself to get over it, but when it becomes bad, I've started to think that just disappearing will make it all easier and is the only way to fix this, because I can't seem to fix this myself. 

Last night I decided to ask for help before making any decisions about anything, and that's why I'm here. Any advice would be appreciated. Thanks."
"Basically... I'm a girl trapped in a guys body, in love with a girl who is not only straight but doesn't love me back, and really tired of everything.

Ever since I was young... I've been awkward, I didn't realize it then. Didn't realize that on the inside I want to be a girl more than anything, but I'm not. I was born as a guy, and in order to change... to be almost a girl I would have to go tens of thousands of dollars into debt and I just can't afford it. I wake up everyday and look in the mirror, see a stranger. It's me, but it's not who I want to be. No matter how much I wish I can't change who I was born as.

The girl I love on the other hand, is one of only 2 people I've ever told. I quickly took it back when I mentioned in an offhand comment that I wanted to be a girl, and she said that if I was a girl on the inside it could never work. She doesn't even love me anyway, we're just friends even though I'm madly in love with her and would give anything for her to feel the same way.

I'm a loser when it comes to friends, I'm very quiet and have a hard time talking to people. I don't really have anyone I spend time with, and I spend my time either at home playing games to distract myself or in my school library, randomly surfing the net.

I'm going to college after the summer but I don't want to, my parents basically forced me to register and accept my admission, even though I don't really care for the subject. I have no passion at all when it comes to school work, and barely scrape by. I'm constantly sad, and I just want to cry at all times.

I go to school and the few people I do consider friends I lie to on a daily basis so I'm not bullied or shunned forevermore by my friends, who I'm sure would think I'm a freak.

I hate everything about myself, I find myself disgusting and despicable for who I am. I feel cursed and I just want to die.

Tired of everything."
"Hi,
first of all, there's no immediate danger. I'm not about to commit suicide in next days/weeks. 

Suicide is just something i've been thinking about for almost 10 years now. I'm a 22 (almost 23) year old male and i think it's only going to get worse from now on. I think about it more and more each day.

Here's a quick outline of my life:

**Family:**
To be honest, the only thing i feel for my parents is little bit of gratefulness. I don't love them in any way. For a very long time i even hated them. My mother used to imprison me for hours, sometimes even a whole day or two in an completely dark room. If you ever experienced that for more than 30 hours straight you just go insane. For what you might ask? Well, for asking questions that she didn't want to answer. My father used to beat me up a lot and make fun of me when i was a child all the time. So to be honest, if they suffer, i wouldn't really care.

My sister on the other hand i love. We used to do a lot together when we were kids and even now we go to cinema together, play games or do other stuff. She is the only reason why i haven't done it yet. The thought of doing that to her kept me from doing it for a long time, but now i don't know anymore. I would've moved far away anyway in a couple of months or maybe a year. So what's the big difference if she sees me once a year or not?

**Professional life:**
I never really had a problem with school. I didn't really care for it, but i still managed to get A's all the time. Now i'm studying computer sciences and it's pretty much the same thing. What should i do after it? I CAN'T go to any kind of job for 8+ hours a day. I just can't do it. Even if it was something i love to do, get an insane amount of money and a blowjob every hour. I just can't get up every day and get to work. Just thinking about being on a fucking schedule for the rest of my life drives me insane. Get up, shower, drive to work, put brain in the locker, do my job for 8+ hours, take brain, drive home and only think about that in a couple of hours you have to to the same shit all over again and that for 40 years. I just can't fucking do it.

**Social life:**
You know these people that get mocked no matter where they are? Well, i seem to be one of them. When i was a child i got mocked for being chubby and even got beat up a lot. My nose was broken 5 times and now i can't smell anything! After that i got really tall and skinny, but somehow i was still being mocked all the fucking time. 

So for a long time i didn't have any friends. At the end of school however i found some good friends that i can hang out and have fun with whenever i want. But if i have to be honest, there's only one of them that would REALLY care if i would commit suicide. I guess he would understand it. He knows that i'm in constant pain. The rest of them are great guys to hang out with, but not really the guys you can talk to about everything...

**Love life: **
I had a couple of girlfriends. The longest relationship was almost 2 years. I still think about her a lot and she is one of the reasons why i won't start another relationship. She just crushed and betrayed me so bad, that i don't see any point in doing this shit all over again. The reward ist just infinitely smaller than the reward you get from a relationship. After that long relationship i fell madly in love with another girl. I loved her even more than the girl before. We had a great time together, but one day i decided to just end it. I don't wanted that trouble again when it ends.

So my chances of getting my own family are very slim. Especially if you consider that i hate kids and think they're just another thing that keep you on a schedule.

**Pain:**
As i've mentioned i was mocked all the fucking time. Nowadays it almost never happens, but it left a mark on me. If there's somebody in the room that starts laughing i think it's because of me and immediately i can't think of anything else anymore. I try to figure out why they laugh. I concentrate and try to hear what they say. I could describe many more similar things, but i think you get the point. If it's not anything others do, i drive myself crazy by thinking about all kinds of different topics. Why does mankind find it great to do slavework 8+ hours a day, while a few extremly rich guys laugh about all of us and control us. You know, that kind of stuff. Well after my brain goes to overdrive once again i get extreme headaches. That happens **every** single day. I've had bad headaches for the last 10 years! I went to a couple of different doctors, got my head scanned, did every test imaginable, but nobody seems to know where the headache comes from. Now they just give me pain medication and send me home...

I also have huge trouble falling asleep. Almost every night i lay awake for hours... I worry what could happen the next day, how i could solve my problems, etc... I imagine every single scenario possible... In the last 7 days i've slept exactly 9 hours.

**Drugs:**
8 years ago i started to take all kinds of drugs. Some just for fun, the others to help me with the pain. Except for weed i only took them on the weekends. Others got shitfaced every weekend, i did mushrooms or LSD once or maybe twice a month.

I've tried every sleep medication and every pain medication you can get in the EU. It's really surprising how easy you can get this stuff. Nothing seems to really help. The only thing that worked for me was weed. I smoked it a couple of times a week. I was able to relax, sleep and was in a great mood during the effect and even the days that followed. But now my the police raided my place and found the unbelievable (haha) amount of 3g. I never sold anything and never drove my car while under the influence. I never even went outside while under the influence and told almost nobody. But believe it or not, here in Bavaria/Germany 3g are enough for an _insane_ money fine or even a couple of days in jail! I have absolutely no idea how to pay that fine. You also get a permanent mark on your record. So every time you get pulled over by the cops automatically make you take a drug test, because they think you're driving under the influence and you're a fucking criminal. All that for 3g of weed!!! Thousands die because of alcohol and cigarettes, but if you smoke weed you're a scumbag criminal. WHAT THE FUCK?! Believe it or not, that's Bavaria! The rules here 10 times more strict than in the other parts of germany. Did i mention i have long hair? All males with long hair = hardcore stoner. The police here still thinks like that. It's unbelievable. Most of them need another 50 years to get the 21st century.
On the other hand if the cops drive shitfaced nobody cares. I can't even tell you how many times i've watched a cop get really shitfaced in a bar and then drive home...

While we're on the subject of politics. That's another thing that just drives me insane and keeps me awake night after night. You can't change anything, because for every voter that has done some research and knows that most of the things the politicians talk about is absolute bullshit, there are literally 50+ old people that still believe what the media tells them. I can't ignore all this stuff like most of the people do, but i can't change anything at all. The rich people control your life and you can't do shit about it. **If i can't live my life the way i want to, why live at all?!** Nobody on this planet is really free. We're all slaves of the government and if they for some made up reason (IF they give any reason at all. The drug policy in germany is: If we can't earn anything, we just say it's illegal, with no proof at all!) don't want you to do something that doesn't even harm anybody, they'll hunt you down and treat you like a criminal.

**Professional help:**
I had a couple of sessions with a few different psychologists, but it didn't really help. Just the thought that this person gets a shitload of money for pretending to care makes me not believe in the whole process. As soon as i saw the first signs that they didn't take me serious i left and never came back. One of them even tried to give me some medication to help with the depression, etc., but it didn't help. As i said, you can get every single drug everywhere.

**___________**

Reddit, please tell me why i shouldn't just end it. I honestly can't think of any reasons anymore. 

Even my love for reddit doesn't help anymore ;).

P.S.: Sorry for my bad english, but it's not my native tongue."
"The only thing I am good at anymore is sitting in the dark and eating and drinking too much. I've been unemployed for a year and have no idea what to do with myself. I've got no future, and no hope. The only reason I haven't bought a gun already is because I don't want my mother to be hurt by losing me...I'm all that she has. i'm ashamed at my wasted potential, and I have a lot of friends, most of whom are really thriving and making differences in the world and for themselves. I try not to be envious of people who have their shit figured out, but I am. Fuck me."
"So today, I have gotten into a fight with my parents.  They insist that I follow orders as they are given and not to question them.  But I cannot simply obey—to do so would be allowing my freedom to be taken away (I am 17 and I know what this is).

For me, freedom is extremely important.  The absence of freedom is totalitarianism, and I do not trust that my parents support my interest, despite all they say.  And to submit myself to a totalitarian regime would be inhumanity, at least as I see it.

This leaves me facing a decision with three bad alternatives:  either I can leave the house (not an option; I have nowhere to go), hold my ground (what I am doing now; there are fights every day), or back down (this would make me less than human).

There is a fourth option:  death.  And that brings me here.  I need your help.

I must leave now; I'll be back tomorrow.

I am a regular redditor but this is a temporary account."
"I don't know what to do anymore. I'm such an idiot. I know the reason my life is so horribly wrong is my fault and I can't help but feel hopeless.

I've never been good at making friends. I didn't speak to anybody (but one who kept moving further and further away..) until middle school, when the guidance counselors started forcing all these anti-social kids together. I did make one friend from that, but it has been an on and off friendship for years.. At one point they had some of these kids (including me) enrolled in a 'mentor' program where we met up with a mentor once a month. Mine stopped showing up halfway through so I ended up sitting alone most of the time. I went to college (for a short while before failing miserably) and made no friends, barely even acquaintances. I had a few jobs but mostly kept to myself because that's how I am. I am strange and nervous all the time, I can't even look people in the eyes when speaking to them and I suspect it makes me seem extremely dishonest (and that makes me even more nervous). My brother tried to bring his own friends over for me to meet them, but I guess they didn't like me for the same reasons. A couple people I met in high school and beyond we're literally chased out/banned from my house (this included my one and only friend from middle school) by my father because he is nothing but an asshole who thinks everything he says/thinks/does is correct and there are absolutely no ands, ifs or buts.

I've been jobless for the past two years, but when I had a job I only got it with the help of my parents. People just don't like hiring kids with social issues, and I can see why, but I'm not sure they understand how hopeless it makes me feel that I'm not cut out to press a few buttons on a register and say ""have a nice day"". Don't get me wrong, I have still been applying..most places don't even call back, though. I think for one place I applied about four times, been interviewed twice and they still don't want to hire me.

I can't even get my driver's license. The last time I took the test I started making mistakes, ended up bawling and the instructor told me to drive back to the site. Not that any of the people I live with want to take me around to practice anyway...

Right now I thought I was in love. I guess I am. He was my first everything. But he doesn't want to be with me. He's with someone else. We still meet up from time to time, but the worst part...the person he's with has been the only friend I've had since middle school. We had been together since before they decided to make it 'official', so I try to tell myself it's just complicated. But it's not, isn't it.. I'm just being used. I'm just a piece of trash that doesn't deserve anything real. No one knows how much I would fucking give to be my friend instead of me. Even if it is tainted, at least I would have something real.

Even if I did meet someone new, they would never be able to come to my house. They would never want to be with me or get to know my parents, or specifically my father. I don't know why but knowing/thinking this really puts me over the edge when combined with the rest. 

I don't know what else to do. I wish I could live somewhere else to at least get away from my father's negativity but without a job I have not the means, and since no one wants to hire me I suppose I never will have them..."
"It feels like I've suffered from depression my entire life. I go through waves of it, falling deep into the corners of my mind I don't know existed. And other times I'm the happiest guy in the world and nothing can get me down. But right now, it's one of those days where I just can't see the point in waking up every day for the rest of my life. That's such a long time... I just recently got prescribed to antidepressants, just over a month, and after the first few weeks I felt a real improvement and thought they were helping. But recently, I don't know why, my thoughts just keep returning to death. I just want to do nothing. Life sucks and it will always suck. And it's utterly and undeniably pointless. I am going to live in order to die. And that's it. And until I die I'm going to have to continue to go to school, to find a job, to work the rest of my life to make ends meet. And there wont be any escaping it. I don't want to do that... I can't do that. I know I need help. I've seriously considered killing myself, because honestly, why not? People will miss me, sure. But I'll be dead. And I wont care. And I'll be able to get out of all of this. And ""this"" isn't even that bad. I know I have a good life with supporting friends and family that love me, yet I just can't escape the longing for the nothingness after death. So, please, give me advice. Ask me some questions. Point me in a good direction that could possibly make someone who has given up see a meaning to it all. "
"After seeing this image, I don't know if I can continue:

http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/c0ddn/fortunately_oh_so_fortunately_i_looked_down/

How can I live knowing that every MCDonalds strawberry milkshake could be my last? What else is there to live for?"
"I was on anti-depressants and seeing to different counselors for about a year.  In January I moved out of my parent's home after a bit of a fight.  I thought I didn't need the pills and counseling so i stopped.  I had been making it by with manageable amounts of depression until about a month ago.  I missed out on some major scholarship opportunities and have been beating myself up about them since.  I'm a senior in high school and am going to be going to a state university next year.  I'm going to have a job during school and still will amass over 10k in student loans if i manage to finish early.  It doesn't even seem like a big deal even to me and I know that its just money but I've been bawling my eyes out for the past hour and a half. I'm scared shitless for some reason

  I have no close friends and my father who I would usually go to help for is out of the country and unreachable.  I spend a large majority of my free time on reddit and just want to talk to one of you guys.  I'll talk about anything really, I'm just scared as hell and don't know what to do

Also, I made an appointment with the counselor but don't know if I should start taking the anti-depressants right away again (I have a bunch left over).  I just want everything to be over so that I dont have to deal with everything.  "
"First of all, I have OCD, fairly badly. Not many people know OCD can make someone feel desperate, but it can. Espcially the form I have. But; that's not even the issue. I look at the world around me and I see the majority of human beings as selfish, ignorant, and arrogant... With only a handful of kind, wise, or empathic people. And I feel so detached from humanity that I'm gradually shifting towards just killing myself, because I feel so alone. 

I am so petrified of so many things; like whether I'll hurt myself, or maybe hurt someone else as a form of retribution... I think that might be the OCD, but even so; even if that's true... What's the point of living, anyway? I know I don't want to upset my family... I think that's the only thing that's stopping me... So instead I'm drinking until I'm either sick or pass out. 

I'm not particularly shy... I can make friends. I have social anxiety, conversely; but I do a lot of things. But none of my friends really get me. No one does. 

I feel very ostrasiced. Help."
[removed]
"It started with homosexuality when I was in high school. I wasn't gay or bi, but I had the thoughts. There was added guilt because my religion is against homosexual actions. When I tried to just ignore it and be comforted by family, the thoughts turned incestuous. It seemed to taint anything I was holding close- friends, family. It comes and goes, I rarely feel the lesbian thoughts anymore.

But it gets worse too- occasional bestiality or even pedophilia. It's a passing thought, not an urge or a sexual arousal, but it brings me so much guilt and hate. I want to die to stop this. I want nothing more than to be a good person, and eventually a good wife and mother. My fiance didn't leave me after I told him all of this, but I still feel tainted and like I'm a bad person.

Please, someone help me.

EDIT: Thank you everyone for your replies, it's helped a great deal and I will look into therapy. *hugs* Thank you for the taking the time to help."
"So, things are going well for me, by and large. I am applying to medical school this summer with a stellar application. Obviously nothing is certain until I actually get an acceptance letter, but speaking only as far as statistics go, I am a shoo-in. 

I've been depressed for a long time, feeling unfulfilled; I'd hoped that once I got all of this shit squared away I would start to feel this mythical 'happiness' I always hear so much about. No such luck. If anything I've gotten more depressed once I'd gotten my MCAT scores back, GPA bolstered, letters of recommendation turned in, etc. 

It used to be that suicide was a once in awhile thought, recently it's been at least weekly that I find myself seriously considering it. I've been socializing with more people lately, but I find any sort of social interaction with most people to be bland and meaningless. I had a friend the past couple of years who I would consider myself to be very close to, but they graduated and moved away. Since then, they've started distancing themselves from me; I completely understand. I wouldn't really want to spend much more time around myself than necessary. 

This friend was closer to me than my own family. I talked to them about everything, things I would never consider talking to anyone else about. Through her encouragement I was able to get my shit back on track after a rough semester. For that I cannot thank her enough, but any conversation I attempt to have with her anymore is initiated by me and strained when it does occur. 

For the longest time I had more or less lost faith in humanity and become a terribly cold and angry person. So mired in my misanthropy that I let a man die, I heard him say 'Well I'll just go fucking kill myself' and I did nothing. I find myself falling back into this same pit now, caring less and less about those around me. 

All I ever hear from those around me is how brilliant I am, how I 'ooze intelligence'. I try to be personable, really, I do, but apparently my best isn't good enough for these people. Never have I been approached for anything outside of mentoring or tutoring.

Sorry, this is fucking stupid. I'm semi-drunk and depressed and don't fucking know why.

"
"Infact, I've felt this way for months now, and didn't even care enough to make a throwaway and post about how little I cared.

Whatever.

I'm far beyond the point of giving a fuck."
"a;lsdfjallj i dont fucking know what to do i cant fucking do this i cant i really can't i wish i could i can't and i dont know what to do.

ive been reading this reddit for awhile now but i have just not had any kind of emotional capacity to write or express or bear to feel like my words mask more than they reveal when i just want to express something or whatver and so i already feel like this is probably stupid and a waste of my posting to put this here b/c i cant even BEGIN to express the emotional state im in or have been in.

especially b/c often things feel too intangiblee for me to talk about in some narrative. i fragment to pieces and can't even give another human being some simple idea of what im talking about like ""this incident"" or ""this horrible thing is happening""...it just feels like everything and so many things and things i can't explain well enough or dont trust i can convey...

and now i have something very tangible and easy to describe - being kicked out of my apt.

and it seems so stupid to post about this but i dont know i just need help i ...GOD i hate saying that b/c i say it and nothing is there and i feel embarassed for trying to open up to be willing to say that and agggh i have to stop and post this now otherwise i never will and a;ldsf;laskdjf fuck.

----
i'm cross posting from nyc. im sorry.
----

I don't even know what to say right now.  I've been in the lowest place in my life the last 6 months struggling with chronic illness and depression and a million other things.  I am recently unemployed and trying to deal with my health issues so I can figure out what I'm doing next. 

I'm so sorry this is going to be long and probably incoherent I'm a mess i'm so sorry.

 I am in a tiny room where I have been for almost a year after making an emergency move to get away from a violent roommate.  Things have been basically fine besides the room being super tiny and right outside the kitchen where noise keeps me up all night.

When I moved in, I specifically asked what the roommates' lifestyle was like because I am aware (and embarassed about) how sensitive I am and I had previously had a great living situation when all of us 5 roomates had schedules where we wound down early in the evening.

The roommate on the lease told me this was no problem.  Soon after I was kept awake while people cooked and clinked and banged pans at 11 pm, midnight.  It sounds like its COMING IN MY ROOM and makes me super anxious.  I felt SO BAD about saying anything because I wouldn't want someone preventing me from using the kitchen in my own apartment!

I tried various soundproofing and headphones and earplugs to no avail.

I made a tent in my room over my tiny bed (it's posted somewhere on reddit its like my first post) just to try to make myself feel more insulated.

I'd been grateful that the roommate seemed willing to talk and be respectful.  I guess I always am so grateful for scraps from people.  I don't know how to expect more.  (So grateful in fact that it was all the more shocking when she flipped out last night).  She decided to make a house rule that people dont do heavy cooking after 10 pm.  I appreciated it though its still a difficult sound situation.

Then her boyfriend moved in months ago and he gets home from work at 1am and makes meals.  Again I felt like I'm just being screwed b/c of course he should be able to eat but what about me and the fact that I moved in under the premise that this wouldn't be an issue.

I have been trying to just put up with it and we have always had a friendly repore around the apartment...then out of the BLUE last night I was so exhausted and in bed at 10 pm.  At 2 am I hear a ton of noise busting through my room.

I peek out to look and its the roommate on the lease, her boyfriend, and 4 guests, they're cooking up a storm.  Since it's past 1 am its the first time I actually feel like I have an agreed upon ""right"" to fall back on - to gently mention that I thought there was a 1 am no major cooking rule.

She angrily says (and i havent experienced her using this kind of angry tone) - its FRIDAY NIGHT, I JUST GOT HOME IM HUNGRY, IM COOKING!

I think i was so shocked I went back into my room and turned on my music really loud (my room is in a corner of the apt next to the kitchen and then goes the living room, door, and the other 3 rooms in the apt - I never even venture towards that side of the apt, Ive never intruded on anyone else's space or boundaries...

I know it was dick of me, it totally was - I just was in my head thinking FUCK if i have to be awake then I'm going to try to cordon off my world and feel safe and not intruded on by blasting my music to box them out.  They then came in and told me to turn it down, I said I wouldn't that it was my home and I was going to leave the music on if it made me more comfortable in my space.  Her bf then flips and says you need to move out, she says GET THE FUCK OUT and is screaming, I'm in shock I can't believe this is happening with everything else falling apart in my life and nothing feeling safe I can't believe this and I think it was even more shocking b/c i didn't expect it of THEM and then i felt embarassed and ashamed to have ""not expected it"" and to ever let myself feel like i can presume safety or that people will be kind or compassionate and i was about to burst into tears so i threw on some clothes and grabbed my keys and left and walked around from 2 am- 4 am wandering around washington heights.

this morning i had to get up early to go to the opposite end of the world in queens to visit my paralyzed friend in her rehab facility and have been feeling sick and groggy on no sleep all day.

I just got home and found this email in my inbox:

""As per NY State law, notice is hereby given that you are required, within 30 days, to move from the apartment premises. If you choose to resume tenancy past May 31, rent will be $24 per additional day until June 7. Likewise, if you should vacate the room prior to May 31, I am willing to reimburse you $24 for each day remaining in the month. Please advise your intended move out date as soon as possible.""

Ive been in and out of the ER and doctors visits being totally incapacitated with being sick one day with wierd lung problems rheumatological problems...and then starting to feel more normal the next week...i haven't been able to predict how i'll feel and it's been a crazy awful many months now.  

I don't know how the hell to deal with this or what to do.

I have never been able to figure out my legal rights in these situations despite several crazy roommates over the years - legal aid and other orgs have been impossible to get info from.

basically i just dont know what to do. i dont trust that i am capable of doing anything.

i have been feeling like i have no support in life in general while ive been falling apart these last months (and i do not have family support) and now this and i dont know what to do or how to do it.

reddit? help? i i dont know?

"
"I'm in so much pain right now. My wife has officially told me she wants a divorce. There are many things that lead up to this, but in short, I moved out 1 month ago to allow us room to think about things. I went to pick up my daughter for the day today and noticed that her wedding ring was off and the family photos were off the wall. This triggered a lot of anger and left me in a bad mood all day today. I sent my wife an email telling her I needed to know what was going on, no bullshit, just tell me what's going on. Her response was that she couldn't do this anymore and my heart sunk. I love her dearly, always will. I hurt so much right now that I want to die. I know people say this all the time, but I can't imagine my life without her. She's such a wonderful person and I don't know if I can manage without her in my life. I just returned from her house a few minutes ago; I went to drop off her mothers day cards and gift...I also placed my wedding ring in her palm. We cried and held each other and that made my heart hurt even more. I don't want to go on without her. I don't know if I can. Please help me. I don't want to hurt like this and I'd rather feel nothing than this pain inside me."
"Since I don't know where to start, I'll just begin with myself.

I'm a guy, thirty-something.  I am a spiritual man, most would call what I practice Buddhism, but I am a Christian first, I think the two religions meld quite nicely.  I am afraid of death, but have seen so much of it, I think that I may be able to meet it peacefully.  I work on that every day.

So what is my problem?  I don't have a problem, I have many, many problems.

I am a cancer survivor, when I was a child, I was treated for Leukemia.  So because of that, I have an avalanche of medical problems:

Heart Disease,
Liver Disease,
Blind in one eye,
75% hearing loss,
Sterility,
Hepititis C (blood x-fusion),
Major Fatigue,
Unemployed for 3 Years,
and of course Depression.

You live your life, and every day you count your blessings.  You try to stay in the moment and make simple plans for tomorrow.  You do this with a hope of the future, a relationship maybe.  A visit with friends, and family, or simply the promise of a nice cup of coffee tomorrow.

But I can't plan.  I can't have a woman, because I would hurt her.  Why waste energy with a desire that would only end up in pain?  The probability of actually meeting a woman, and being honest with her, and having her accept that and enter into a real intimate relationship, is like freaking NOTHING.  Let's not kid ourselves.

Whenever I have a breakthrough, and am able to move a little and engage myself, I hit a wall, and am knocked down (always on a mountain when I fall).  For the last three weeks or so I have been able to work on my car, setting it up for a long trip, adding a trailer hitch, and fixing the brakes.  All this in order to move away and do something with myself.  

I had an arrhythmia attack today,  anxiety or real, it doesn't matter which anymore.  There all the same in my book, mind affects body affects mind. . . .

I don't have health coverage. . . but my situation is such that I really need it.  I went to the ER today, and they noticed some extreme heart related data, but sent me home anyway.  They want me to visit my doctor.  HA!   K.

I don't want to kill myself, but gosh, it really seems to pop into my head an awful lot.  What If this windstorm kills me?  It might.  What If this car hits me and my dog?  It might.  It might be for the better.  I wouldn't mind.  But would I be happy with my life?  No.

No, not really.

I have excuses but It all falls on me in the end.

I'm sorry, but I am just really sad at the moment.

We all have to accept our circumstances, the hand that we are dealt is the hand we play.  And the more I look at the odds, it becomes a fools game.

I think I find comfort in the M*A*S*H song lyric: ""Suicide. . . I can take or leave it if I please"".  I think of Ramón Sampedro, and I know him.  I can understand him with a glance, and I love him.  He died in the water, and that is the way what it was meant to be.  


But what if there is more?  My thought, is to find the courage.  Cast off all of my lingering desires and defeats.  Woman?  OK thats out.  Children?  out.  Regular life?  gone.

Can I decide to become great?  Can someone make the consious decision to burn like a phosphoresent torch?  Light up every life I touch?  Why can't I do it now?  What is stopping me?  HA!  I know what it is.  I DO want to live.  I just don't want *this* life.
"
"Hiya all. I usually post on the end of someone giving advice, but now I'm here from the other end. I feel there isn't enough a bridge from those who give and get advice, especially since many people create accounts just to post here. I considered getting an alt, but I don't think it's needed. I've just been sitting in my room, listening to Josh Rouse (Mellotron porn) and thinking about things.

Things keep becoming less real, and I feel like I'm slipping away from progress I once had. I'm older and spending more time away from home, and I'm out of classes and spending time in the city and playing music and seeing people. My grades are doing the best they've ever been, and I'm accepted into a great college, and my fiancee and I prepared to go through it even though we're going to be far away. These are things I really love, that really touch me. I just feel displaced by other things.

In terms of clinical stuff, I was on antidepression meds for a little while, and I phased in and out of cutting for a few years, and have been very close to relapsing in the past few months. I have intended to die twice. But on more than one occasion I've been clinically verified to be psychologically healthy; I wonder if it's because I'm good at lying to myself and others that I'm doing ok? I'm not really bipolar, but if we created a spectrum for bipolarity I would be on it. I am also transgender, which is hard. 

I think having these experiences and opportunities is scaring and disorienting me is definitely part of it. I spend the last third of my life at a school that I have a lot of problems with, with a very heavily structured academic like and somewhat oppressive culture. Now I'm doing what I love freely, and dropping a lot of balls and taking responsibility and losing whatever faith I had in myself (I'm still really busy with extracurriculars and community stuff). That's a scary thing, and I have a freakin' hour-by-hour dayplanner as an 18-year old because otherwise I get a panic attack. I try to be a calm person, but I don't think I take enough steps in my life to take care of myself and other people, and instead substitute empty pleasure and token gestures.

I get scared of criticism the most, and I really really really want to blame that on my mother. Whether or not she is proud of me has always obsessed me, and I feel unable to stand up for myself in a substantive way when she rags on me, even for stupid things. A few days ago, I could feel myself opening the cork of a well-worn-bottle and sticking something down there to get away. I feel like, though, it has more with how much faith and love I have in myself. I've never been able to stand up to people, or often trust and be real with people as a transperson. I've had this kind of obsesive-anxiety behavior with someone before, a guy who showed up in my dream last night in the context of school and my childhood.

Does anybody have thoughts on stuff like this? It was something I needed to get out of me, I really appreciate that we have this space. How are y'all doing? "
"okay, so i've been on and off with my mental health since i was 16 (i'm 22 now) and me and my boyfriend and i recently broke up. and i already dont' think i'm capable of making good decisions. when someone tells me they need space, i don't knwo how to give it to them, and i end up raging. like i kidnapped him in my car for 2 hours and then once i got home i tried to kill myself. i landed in the hospital for like a day and now i'm back home...and what have i been thinking of? my ex and how all i want to do is be with him again, and i know this whole thing (suicide as well) has hurt him and he needs time to heal from all that. and i don't know how to stop being so insecure with my relationships. and  how to not be so clingy... it's just so hard to. i feel like if i don't cling they will leave me. and now all it's done is push the one person i cared about so much so far away. i just want to rewind everything. any advice??"
"I usually just swing by here a couple times a month when I'm feeling shitty to make myself feel better/realize I'm not alone, but this time I'm actually posting.  I can't believe it's really come to this.  I'll give you some background without going too in to detail.

I really don't have any good reason to be as depressed or suicidal as I am.  I'm a fairly normal 18 year old male from California.  There's always been a tiny something that's been ""off"" about me, but most people disregard it and I live a normal life.

I've always felt like I wasn't good enough.  I used to be obese, but I lost about 60-65 pounds and I just look pudgy now.  I'm 6'1"", 210 pounds.  Always found myself ugly, and if I'm feeling really depressed, just looking in the mirror is enough to send me in to a crying fit.

I don't know what's landed me here, I had a loving family.  I always pushed everyone away for no reason.  I've always been the one in the family who doesn't participate.  I usually stick to myself and I always have, unless I needed something from my parents.

I have a 21 year old sister, living at home, who pretty much gets what she wants because she's very vocal about it.  I've always been the quiet one.  I'm really sick of not getting anything I want/deserve.

Elementary school I had some problems, but they were minor.  Mostly, I didn't want to go to school, and I always begged my parents to homeschool me.  They never did, and I'm pretty glad about that.  If they did, I probably would have killed myself by now, due to having even less friends than I currently do.

Middle school is where the problems started.  I grew up with a bunch of kids who thought being depressed and cutting themselves was cool, and I fell for it too.  I managed to hide it from most people, and I never was a really extreme cutter.  Just every now and then to impress a couple people, everybody was happy, I guess.

High school is where it really escalated.  Everyone else grew out of their ""depression"" phase, and I didn't.  I constantly lied to impress people, and I was always trying to be someone I wasn't.  My first three years I was mildly depressed, nothing too major.  No more cutting, because I had no one to impress with it.  My third year of high school, I had a few thoughts about suicide.  I was pretty upset most of the time, but I had my friends, and they got me through it.  My senior year of high school really solidified my depression.  Every couple days I'd have thoughts of killing myself, wanting to never come back.  But I was excited for college, and so were all my friends.  I stuck it out, and I graduated from high school with about a 3.0, just an average student in my school, really.

Senior year summer was the worst summer of my life.  My friends started to leave, I had my heart smashed a couple times, and every day just dragged on.  Constant thoughts of suicide, crying every night.  I started to write a blog for myself where I kept my thoughts.  Every day I'd stay up until about 6AM for no reason, and I'd lay in bed and most of the time cry myself to sleep.  I was pretty devastated this entire summer, and while most of my friends were having a good time, I was feeling sorry for myself.

College started, and I wasn't excited.  I really still pushed people away.  I met a couple people, and I still have two or three of my closest friends from high school who didn't move away.  They don't understand me, though.  No one completely knows about my depression, I'm too scared to talk for fear of being judged.  They live their own lives, and I don't want to burden them, because I think they'd stop caring and give up on me.

Fast forward to Spring 2010 and the problem has baked itself in to my mind.  I contemplate suicide multiple times a day.  I have cut myself a few times, but I try to refrain from it because I don't want to scar.  Some real problems have come about lately.  I've had my heart broken multiple times, and I found out that my dad has been cheating on my mom.  Found that out a month or two ago, and I'm really over it.

The problem is, I don't care anymore.  And I don't care to live anymore.  I have no idea what I want to do with my life, and I don't know how a school can expect me to choose a major which will affect my career.  My parents wouldn't be too happy if I dropped out of school, or ""took a break.""  I've lost my religion (Catholic) because I don't believe that any God who loves his people would allow a mental disease like this to eat people alive the way it does.  Every night before I go to sleep I beg and plead and hope that I don't wake up the next morning.  As it is currently, I've been driving around to different cities just to get away.  It's 5:30 in the morning, and I have an exam today I haven't started studying for.  I'm getting more and more scared of myself every day, and I'm too afraid to go for help.  I just wish it was over, I have no hope for the future.  I've pretty much broken down to the point where crying isn't really possible anymore, I only do it when I'm feeling extremely bottled up, which is an almost insane feeling.  Today in the car on the freeway I started bawling and screaming at myself, and I even dared myself to close my eyes a few times while driving, which I did.  I really wish I would have hit something, I just want this to be over.

I can't take this anymore, reddit.  Too scared for help, too afraid of being judged, and at my rope's end.  I'm not in danger of killing myself at this exact second, but I want it to come soon.  Preferably before school starts again in the fall, I'm not going to be able to take all my friends leaving back to their respective schools again, leaving me to the stress of classes by myself.  I feel like everyone's turned their back on me, like I'm a joke.  And I feel like a joke posting to a bunch of people on the internet.

I'm sorry that I took up so much room, I really didn't intend for it to be this way.  I know you don't care for my life story, and I don't like telling it.  I just want someone to know how I really feel, even if I don't know that person personally.  I just don't know what to do when everything just keeps heading more and more downhill.  I just want it to be over."
"Meow, that doesn't read as an explicitly suicidal thought, but it is. I think too much about it and different ways to do that than is comfortable for me.

I don't know why. There are all sorts of reasons- but it feels like all of those are things people most people deal with.

Am I cool enough? Do I look interesting enough? Am I an asshole? Am I really okay with who I am objectively (okay maybe not that one).

For some reason those all get me down. Down to the point where I just don't feel like bothering anymore. 

Scratch that. It's not ""anymore""- I just never have wanted to bother. But my mother who would be crushed by losing me and my own lack of opportunities has kept me from going through with it.

And as I type this, it's all leading back less to me looking for help with getting out of it, and more for me looking for any escape at all.

I ought to stop now or this is going to get really incoherent. Anyone have some advice?"
"I am unnerved at my own lack of control. My death is the only thing I still feel that I own, and that is debatable.

I am a medical student doing anything an everything that I can to just make it through. I just failed what will likely be my last test. My dreams are shattered. After the exam I walked up the stairs to the top floor, sat in a corner and did my best not to go near the bridge. 

Sick of being poor as shit. I live in a small studio apartment by myself, walk to the ghetto grocery store and fill my backpack with the few things I can afford each week. My diet is awful, but it's what I have available.

I've been selling illicit drugs and bartering off of craigslist with my little free time to pay for rent and food; my military scholarship and stipend have not been paying and a part time job is nearly impossible without an automobile.

I was accepted into medical school two years ago. Last year I was forced to take a LOA when I stopped sleeping; my poor living conditions and lack of food pushed me to the point of suicide. I ended up being institutionalized for a few weeks. This year I told myself that I wouldn't let that happen. I believed that the military would pay my stipend on time and that things would be better. Nothing has gone as planned.

At 19 I joined the service as a ""combat medic"". The training helped me get a job in a surgical intensive care unit, and I believe this made a difference in getting me into medical school. I wanted to get out of the service when I was accepted to school, but ""stop loss"" prevented that from happening. Initially, taking a military scholarship did not seem like a bad option.

The people that I sell drugs to treat me like an object. I'm worried about going to jail or being kicked out if I talk to my classmates, my counselors or my psychiatrist. I've given up trying to maintain any meaningful relationships.

The medications that the psychiatrist wants me to take have not been easy either. I have been through many different mood stabilizers, anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medications. I now take a combination of escitlopram and atomoxitine because I can order them online. My school insurance doesn't cover anything and still has a debt collection agency asking me for money for my previous stint in the hospital.

The stress is driving me mad. I've found myself in a number of questionable situations in the past month, forgetting how I got there, and doing things that are out of character. I'm still very upset at myself for paying a prostitute for sex. I don't know how I ended up drunk and pissing in the sink in a crowded bathroom before being 86'd from a bar.

I'm terrified I'm going to kill myself."
"So i got several issues, heres a post I put on self two days ago [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/c1pfv/hey_im_drunk_and_depressed_so_just_read_please/) just read this and tell me what you think here. That basically describes what i'm going though expect on the 25th i have a court date ( for underage possession alcohol and weed. got busted at a party, i know stupid) i get more and more depressed.
I'll answer any questions and help clarify the situation if needed, thanks
nobody else knows about this but you guys, sigh, my family sucks at communicating 

and here's the post i put in self kind of explains a lot 

Btw the way I just got tested for ADD Ask questions and I’ll answer as best as I can
I think about suicide regularly these days but never do because I Know I’m smart, creative and capable. I Know I fuck up a lot and I always thought that was just me. Now there’s a Possibility that my fuck up of life isn’t my fault and I was glad for a bit. I’ve been called useless, worthless, no good, selfish, self centered and many other names. For a while a thought I was worthless and useless and dumb. I realized this year that something might be ruining my life and my family makes fun of me for it. I fit the description perfectly and yet my parents decide to ignore the possibility until it becomes an official.
Reasonable I guess until you consider the fact I haven’t done anything with my life and about to get kicked out of my house. There’s was always an issue with me growing up but I can never put a name on it, I wanted to make my parents happy more than anything but nothing worked out. I always messed up and I always blamed myself not knowing why I fucked up to begin with, my mom and Dad are wonderful people but like every person they have their limit and there’s have already been crossed a long time ago. I love them so much but now, they can’t seem to understand that it I wasn’t intentionally fucking up all these years, that I was purposely embarrassing them at those parent teacher conferences.
I always wanted to make them proud but because of me always self destructing I lost faith in myself and my ability to do things. I always second guessed myself in doing anything, my parents were less than kind I guess, calling me worthless, useless, lazy, a loser, fatass, selfish, self centered. One day last week my mom accused me of purposely trying to tear the family apart. I just stood there in horror and told her that she has no idea what I think because off what I said. My dad punishes me like every other problem blunt and forceful without understanding why, He’s a retired veteran who’s the son of West Virginian coal miner, needless to say he’s republican and conservative. He’s a nice man but is bit close minded. I’m a bit drunk right now, sorry I wouldn’t be able to focus my thoughts like this sober. Today I just had the blackest depression I’ve had in a while and wanted to know what you thought."
"That's not quite true.  I love my professional life.  Lately, however, I'm so depressed with my personal life, that I just can't concentrate and enjoy my professional life anymore.  In short, the only thing that I'm happy with is my professional life, but I'm so unhappy with who I am, outside of that, that I can't concentrate and enjoy that.

Briefly.  I'm a PhD student.  I was doing great until a couple of years in, and I was happy.  I had a nasty breakup, and decided to change my dating habits.  I took to Mystery Method and all of that.  It kind of changed how I look at people.

I looked at my friends, and saw that they could go to the bar and go home with a girl.  Women actively avoid my gaze in public, as if to assure me that they don't even want to meet me.

Even among my friends, I feel like I'm regarded as a loser.  I have friends who love and care for me, who would be upset if I didn't show up to their stupid dinners, or parties, or whatever, who also think that I'm totally lame.  I want friends who respect me.  I know that there are people who respect me (see my professional life).. they're just not my friends.

I feel like I can't relate to anyone, and like if I ask for advice or help, then they'll develop a negative opinion of me.  But the sex thing, that's the thing that kills me.  I feel like every girl out there fucks a million guys, and then wants to settle down with a guy like me.  Like the cads and dads hypothesis, where I'm the loser who gets cheated on.

I'm just sick of everything.  I'm not going to kill myself, I just want to reboot and fix myself.  Is there some way that I can do that?"
[removed]
"I think about it a lot. When I'm driving alone, I consider crashing. Walking over a bridge, I can't help but look down. Death invades my imagination on a regular basis.

I'm a 20 year-old male. These thoughts began when I was 13, so they grew with me as I shaped into the person I am today.

My parents separated when I was 7. It was for the best, I knew it even then. I watched my mother struggle to raise my sister and I, and it was the hardest thing I've ever been put through. She had to start from scratch once she was on her own with us, and that meant working herself to exhaustion. She was ruined by her situation, while my father (made of money) complained openly about child support to her, my sister and I (and does to this day). I recently found out he even attempted to sue her at the time of their split. We moved away when I was 10, and everything continued.

I began to encounter my own problems (of which there are plenty) at high school and ended up hating myself at age 13. I create a lot, and play some instruments. I think I was seen the 'tortured artist' type. Suicidal thoughts during this time fluctuated from actively trying, to thinking about it maybe monthly. 

I did two years of university. The first year was in some ways pretty good. I moved out of home (a new home: my mum re-married and is raising my sister in a nice environment - I couldn't be more pleased for them) and into a place with friends. I got steady As and a letter of recommendation. I felt really proud for a little while. But it got to the point where I had a panic attack every time I had to talk in a tutorial and eventually whenever I left the house. I decided to take this year off studying to spend time creating, working, and mostly trying to clear my head. It has been liberating at times but mostly I feel no self worth. I'm working in a hospitality job where I have to present myself and smile a lot. It is harder every day.

I'm sleeping less and less, and I think I'm going insane. My friends don't know I still feel this down. They don't know that I think about death as a means to an end. I can't bring myself to tell anyone. Natural death feels so far away.

I suppose this is a test, to see how it feels to tell others (albiet strangers) how I feel. Thank you, even if you just read this and nothing more. You played a part in my attempt at healing. Sometimes I genuinely want outside help, but am I wrong in being morally against parts of what is involved? I don't want to be categorised. I am aware there are major philosophical disputes in the field of mental health. Maybe I'm just too scared. I don't know anymore.


EDIT: I'm still here :) - Thank you... This all feels very strange, but reading your replies has been really productive. I stayed up most of the night considering my options. I think I'm going to tell a good friend how I feel, and that I'm now seriously considering going to a doctor about it. The thing that scares me the most is how much control over my life I will lose once I admit my suicidal thoughts and behviour. I am extremely hesitant about this part. I live amongst a male-dominated culture that perpetrates social stigma towards sadness. One overhears the word 'pussy' a lot, in reference to melancholy. I can make no promises, but I think I'm going to try. Thank you all so much."
"I'm not going to post anonymously since I don't really care anymore. My first plan, for next year is going down the drain. No part time college for me, I was told I didn't have ""the competences"" for that kind of job, that's what they saw when they had me through an interview. Well, I guess a year and half of volunteering at a suicide hotline won't change anything. What hurt the most is that they clearly said it was something related to my personnality.

I had a plan B, but I'm almost sure it will be going down too. The same program is available at two public colleges but there's a limited amount of place and it's already full to capacity. I received both of these answers yesterday... I'm now on a waiting list in case there's an opening in the future. My plan C involve trying to do it part time but in another college this time, but I have no idea what are my chances. What is wrong with me? Why did I have so much energy in 2008-2009 and now, I can barely make any good plans. When I have a chance to start a new plans, it fail. I did believe a visit to the doctor could change something, that's why I saw him in February and he prescribed Paxil but it's not really changing everything.

If even plan C fail, I can only see one solution, apart from suicide (which is not really a solution), I will try to go to hospital. That's why I'm asking if anyone have any experience related to psych ward. I can't see how I would simply go back to a job and go on living a mindless life as I did for more than six years. There was only one true passion which made me feel alive and it was when I was helping as a volunteer at the suicide hotline. Now, I'm so depressed and fill with anxiey/social phobia that I can't make any plans to move on."
I am new to reddit. I am a 28 year old woman who suffers from many different psychiatric disorders.  There are times I feel so lost I don't know where to turn.  My depression leads me to this deep dark place. I hear people talk about coping skills but i can't find any. If anybody has any advice let me know.
"Depression is practically my shadow. It's tagged along through life's events since I was 11. But there was no real reason to have it. I didn't have a terrible childhood. I was ridiculed a lot, but who isn't? My parents were good to me. I was never raped. Never starving. Never on the streets.

When I was twelve, they took me to therapy, after finding some rough drafts of suicide notes and finding the cuts on my thighs. When I was seventeen, I was hospitalized for three months after an attempt. For the first time, I was given antidepressants. And by ""given,"" I mean they fully loaded me up on them. I was maxed out on Zoloft, Cymbalta, Abilify and Vistril. I think they helped. My mind felt clearer. I felt more capable.

I've since moved out of my house and am no longer eligible for insurance. I've hit my quarter-life crisis where I realize there is so much I want to do with my life, but in the end, it all seems pointless. I'm a musician. I want so badly to make an imprint with my music, and I want do be able to do it full time. But I can't. I don't have the talent. And in the end, after all this lifetime of efforts, I will only end up dead.

Everything means nothing in the end.

The shadow has once again attached itself to me, and I'm unable to shake myself of it. I think of death daily. Sometimes I can't even drive to work, because the entire time I'm fantasizing about driving my car off the freeway. I find pleasure in absolutely nothing. And there's nothing I can do to help myself out of the hole. I can't afford therapists or drugs. The only mental health clinic in this shit town is backed up for months. I don't have months.

I wanted to see this expressed in written form. I wanted someone to hear it. I wanted someone to take it to heart, and for it to matter, finally.
"
"About one year ago I attempted suicide by drinking Anti-Freeze and sleeping pills...I was found in my car and rushed to the emergency room. I was then placed in a psychiatric ward for 3 days. 

this year has gone by fast....I've tried to get better...for the most part I was...but I have fallen into old habits and well the very definition of crazy is doing the same thing again and again and expecting different results....

I've been lying to my family..I've avoided friends and associates for as long as possible...It's been a very steep hill and I don't know if I'll be able to over come it...

I logically understand my life is better than 98% of the people on this planet but I don't know how to cope. I've created a ""fantasy world of sorts"" that I can't seem to live up to. 

I've been living a lie. 

I graduated from a top University almost 7 years ago but I didn't do much while i was there either. I have no real skills...I have horrible people skills.. I've had a couple failed businesses and I've lost almost 1/4 million in the stock market. I have a very very loving family that I lie to daily in regards to how I am doing. 

I've dug myself quite a deep hole...and I don't know how to get out of it. I have been given plenty of opportunity yet I can't seem to grab a hold of it...

I won't talk to anyone because objectively i know that my problems are minute compared to others yet that adds to my inferiority complex and makes me feel even more ashamed.  

By most measures I am probably intelligent yet I am extremely broken.  

I've been lying daily and the guilt is creeping up...the Final Exit keeps popping up in my head. I'm almost 29 and the past 10 years have been a blur of failure and neglect...I'm amazed at how little I have actually achieved. i shy away from responsibility and duties. I realize many things I should do but I can't seem to do them...I fear running into people I've known in the past because quite frankly I am a mess. 

There are so many things wrong with me I don't even know where to begin... 

I've literally never worked for anyone else in a real job. I've lived a privileged life where I've either had my own business or working with my family. 

"
"Hi, I'm a 20 year old male. I've been traumatized by my past, which includes being molested, paranoid parents with strict rules such as no TV or games, and have currently given up on trying to help myself. I have tried seeing a counselor/psychologist but I'm disappointed with my failure to change because it is my responsibility. I have been thinking of ending my life for a few years, but I have not because I've been waiting for something to happen that would change my perspective on life, since I am unable to change myself. The purpose of my post here is to understand why I should continue living. "
"I am thinking about killing myself. My Nana died 2 weeks ago and she was like my Mom. My mom is a piece of shit she let her ex boyfriend molest me from the time I was 11-13. I told her she thought I was crazy. I told my Nana when I was 13 she took care of everything. When I was 14 I was raped by a stranger and other things in my life drove me to this point I have tried many times before but I always end up in the hospital. The thing that bothers me the most is most people don't understand I suffer from ptsd,bpd ,bipolar disorder,major depressive disorder,cutter,and recovering from an eating disorder. I have not cut since Dec. I see my Dr on Wed and my therapist on Tues and on Mon I have group so I have to make it through the weekend. I know it would hurt my boyfriend but I think he would get over it. I know I sound like a bitch but you have no idea how much pain I am in. If anybody can help just pm me I will be on for a while because if I do decide to do anything I will have to wait until later tonight. I hope someone can help me because the hospital is not an option for me.   "
"To plainly state the problems on the surface feels strange, and maybe putting it lightly. Somehow, every year since I have graduated (high school), I have tried to make good decisions (tried, anyway), yet every year is worse than the last.. at least in financial terms.

I'm at this point where I want to make something work just long enough to be able to leave money behind for loved one's, but making money just seems impossible. For years, I have struggled with employment, depression, education, etc..

I don't want to make anything out to be an ""affliction"", like I'm disadvantaged. I could do anything anyone else could theoretically, but somehow, I feel like I just can't. I can't see myself ever being in a suit, five times a week.

Oi, I'm not sure where to go with this. I'm just in such a hole. I am now in Germany with my fiance. Starting off, I'll be on Germany's government assistance to get through school, and hopefully approach my old debt-holders to see if they'd be willing to put me on a payment plan again. If that's not possible, I think I'm truly fucked, heheh. I wish I had learned lessons about finances before I turned 18.

So... I guess when it gets down to basic terms, what do you do when you've got unpaid debts, no money, no education, although varied experience with other jobs (not that they paid much, nor would they qualify me for much).

The crazy part of me just sort of wishes I could just live, and not spend each day of my life, knowing that I'm not making my ends meet because I have not spent enough fortunes and years of my life on making myself qualified to do so.

I no longer have to worry about driving to work to be able to drive to work.. living in a city. It's much nicer here. The system seems more aimed at supporting those who may ""fall"" in less fortunate scenarios, but I just don't know anything. I feel so unsure, and I'm supposed to be getting into a partnership. And I've been active.. physically and mentally. I'm not stupid, but I guess I haven't got a clue with life skills. And I'm back to drinking, almost every night, because I just drive myself insane if something doesn't knock me out.

I feel like I should stop taking advantage of people's generosity, and just stop now before anyone spends another concern or dime on me.

This is getting really disjointed and nonsensical, so I'll end with just this: I no longer know how to make myself employable. I don't know what to do. School takes years. Can I self-teach myself anything? I just don't know. I have passions, like music (namely, piano), computers, politics, economy.. none of which I have a formal education in. And they seem like pastimes, rather than careers. But if there was a possibility that I could find a path to success and happiness, I would love to take it. I just don't know where to go.

Ugh... sorry for the mess here, and it's much appreciated any advice anyone offers. This is probably my third or fourth post here now.

**edit:** It doesn't look like this has been approved yet, so I think I'll add one more thing. From time to time, I'll just search for whatever I can find about depression or suicide, and I find things like this:

&gt;It comes as no surprise the debt can trigger feelings of depression. A person who is able to work through these emotions may feel stress, irritation, anger and frustration when faced with a severe financial hardship. Most people are able to work through these emotions and focus on taking action to resolve the problem. Apply the same circumstances to a person suffering from depression and the results may be very different. Already feeling as if life cannot get any worse, this person may sink deeper in depression making it impossible to face, let alone correct the situation.

I've spent the last 10 years of my life, invariably for the most part, in depression. If I was depressed and thinking about suicide when things were looking better, am I just doomed to this path of self-destruction until I finally end it? It just feels like it. And you can't really talk about suicide or depression to people close to you.. how can someone mention such horrible things? In my mind, it's more selfish to insist on being outwardly depressed and unchanging, than to just try and keep the rest to yourself. I dunno."
[removed]
"Back 1 month ago, this would have been like a fairy tale. Happens in the books. 

Lemme start, I was sad for a long time, going through different kinds of depression. Lonely, sad, apathetic, hateful, dislike. I went through it all, it about 3 years. Started out with rejection, and that started it all. I felt like I had no friends, and I didnt. I had 1-2 friends I hung out with. I tried to change my life, and its been a crazy ride. Times where I wanted to die so badly, my mind was ready to explode. I couldnt think clear. I really wanted to die. I pleaded with god, being atheist. I had pills and had them in my hand just waiting. Somehow getting through, just barely. Driving on the road, thinking about just swerving. Thinking about having a plan to die, always. Some way, somehow. I was worthless. I felt like nothing. I felt like I didnt deserve to live. It took a great deal to get out of a negative image of yourself. I hated one person, and it was me. Out of everything that went wrong in my life i blamed myself. Marijuana helped a lot. Its not for everyone, but for me, without it, life would suck. It basically sorts my mind out, what I care about, and what I dont care about. Easily forgotten past, regrets, thoughts, everything. Silence, and pure connection with my concious thinking. I had a few girlfriends and they all went weird. After the 3rd I said No more for a while, I have to think. Last summer I got into a car crash due to some health issues I still have. I dont remember much, but I hit a fence and a piece of wood came through the windshield and came 3 inches from my face. It was surreal. And another board 6 inches from my waist. I cheated death, once again. This being the 3-4th time. I decided then, something is up. If I were to die, it would have been then. I shouldnt have lived, yet I have no cuts and minor bruises. People who saw the car thought I died. Or at least in the hospital. I have a pic somewhere if you want. I look fat (I lost 45 since then....health issue) which leads me to my health issue, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, sleep, and eating. After the accident I got sick, like I usually do (Swollen tonsils, cant get removed, get sick 2-3 times a year, not the doctors 4-6) but my stomach got really bad. I literally cant eat, I take a few bites of food and my stomach says no, pain, I hit a wall almost. Cant sleep at night, Ill wake up fucking every 30 minutes and be half asleep. Or cant sleep at all. Ive run out of options in that area. After the accident I went into reclusion. Didnt want to see anyone or be in any social event. I hated society for some reason. I guess it was because I felt like i gave so much, and ive got nothing for it. 

But about a month ago, I met a guy on craigslist for a job. Helping him for IT. Somehow, that got me in the in. He was a real estate owner, he owned a lot of homes and rennovates them and resells them. Makes decent money. Basically, any person I meet, they take my business card. I havent been this busy ever. We meet someone who needs IT work everyday. Everyday. Regular people, old people, home owners, mma fighters, lawyers, consultants, etc. The whole bunch. Thats just a little part. We have many side businesses going. Huge ideas. Im basically set if all just goes smooth in the next 4 months. After, Ill be set for life, ill have many contacts and money flowing on a good basis. Ill be saving for a house and renting it out to tenants. Ill have my own side business doing IT, homes, what ever the FUCK I want. I found it. Ill be set for life. I never, ever, have to worry. It makes me feel so relieved. 

I know not to count my apples before harvest but I like to plan ahead. Things could be great. In 2-3 years, I could have a house paid for, and be set if everything went to shit. At least ill have something I can call a home. Im 20, Im going to community college, I hold no degree, Ive worked in IT for officially like 3 years, no certificates. Ive somehow planned it perfect. I had all these connections, and found a web to connect them too. Im not euphoric, but life, for once. Does not suck. I havent talked to many people since the reclusion, so now Im meeting so many people of every job and age. I rarely talk to girls, yet somehow they seem to stare at me and talk to me first. Lifes ok. I went from 0, to about a 8. I thought for a while, I would never be happy. Ever. Im down of the upsides. Nothings gonna take me down. (Lol, reference)

TL;DR Hang in there. If you feel even a little hope that something might change, it will. Give it all you got, believe in what you want (Karma for me) and be honest. It will pay off. I can attest to that. 

"
"Seems like I've given myself an ultimatum--if I fail out, I'm killing myself, if not, I'll only consider it.  I started college late, then decided to try out law school.  It has sucked immensely, which was not unexpected.  Unfortunately, I've worked harder than I ever have and I'm about a sliver away from failing out after the first year.  Grades will be in in a few weeks.  Finals didn't feel good at all.

If were in my early 20s and my first brush with failure, this wouldn't be such a problem.  As long as I can remember, I've struggled through school.  Been kicked out and transferred all over the place.  That doesn't bother me so much.  This time, it's not just that I'm failing, but all the other ""failures"" to go with it.  Throughout college, I didn't make a single friend.  I have an old friend who lets me tag along with his group, but I'm clearly not really accepted.  I'm used for my car and money.  I'm totally aware of it, but I'm on the losing end of things.  I can't convey that feeling exactly, but you should accept it, instead of saying I'm delusional or something.  When you're friends with someone, they converse with you, respond to you, ask you questions, and don't go completely silent when you enter the room.  I somehow get my hopes up before hanging out, but that goes out the window when I'm treated like a leper and am pretty much only asked to do things.    
  
I didn't make a single friend at the big-10 university I attended.  I was fine with it while it was happening, but the few people I've told about this rightfully let me know that it was weird.  I've made one friend at law school and she has tolerated me, but we're drifting apart because I have a lot of qualms about the way she has handled the friendship...she's emotionally vacuous and self-absorbed, so getting anything from her is like pulling teeth.  

These kinds of relationships have plagued my life.  I'm not completely without inertia...I've always found somewhere to go, something interesting to do, and have my hobbies and interests to keep me busy.  I just can't seem to form relationships, hold a job, or stay interested enough in anything to start a career.  I've been through this kind of thing with people many times.  I can always look back and know how I should've done things, but when time comes again, shit is always in shambles before I can fix it.  It never sounds bad to the few people I've talked with about this and they always have advice like ""perk up, move on"" etc.  but it's shitty existential hell I'm always in.   

I'm tired.  I've written the note.  I've written several notes before as an exercise to get out of my system, but I really feel ready to move on, which I guess is the scary part.  It just doesn't seem like after 30 years of crap that I can suddenly change and get my shit together.  I think the fact that I'm planning shows that I may not actually do it and it's likely something will come along to temporarily satiate me...not sure what I'm asking for here."
"I don't know why I'm still alive. I've been thinking about doing it for so long... But I can only imagine how much it would affect my mom and little brother... I know it's the kind of thing that would change their life and I can't even imagine how it would make them feel. That kept me from doing it for years... Lately I've just buried myself in drugs and alcohol, but, obviously, that's not helping. Can't really make things much worse, but definitely isn't making them better.

I've tried everything I could think of. I made new friends. I tried new things. I completely rearranged my lifestyle in every way I could.

I honestly don't know what makes me so upset with life, but it's never seemed worth the struggle and I think about ending it every day. Every hour. All the fucking time.

I should be happy because I have a pretty amazing job and I've always had great friends and a family that loves me and all that shit. But none of it has ever mattered to me.

It would be very easy for me to kill myself... I have a fairly dangerous job. I could do it in a way that could easily be seen as accidental and my family would get a very generous amount of money...

I'm going to visit my family next weekend. They don't know I'm depressed or even considering it... But I think this visit might be nothing more than a chance to tell them I love them one last time."
"A little background ... she's a very strong willed person, stubborn, but pretty fragile inside. She just can't seem to keep friends, and good lord 15 year old girls are vicious.

She just texted my mother, apparently she's having a rough time today with some of the other girls, and said she wants to move or she's going to kill herself.

I've had some deep talks with her before that seemed to help her get through times like this (she mentioned suicide to me as well, earlier) but what I've said hasn't done the job I guess. I'm not sure exactly how to sum up what I said before that helped, but it did at the time.

I guess I'm just looking for some other advice (hopefully from girls that have dealt with high school problems) that I can give her to help her through this.

Freakin high school, she just needs to get through it and realize that it's not your entire life.

So reddit, any tips? Please? Thanks! "
"Don't want to be an attention whore, as it sound like I'm posting a bit too often in here but anyway... I received my rejection letter from school last week and I got pretty depressed by that. Especially because they used words quite discouraging. They said I was lacking ""emotional stability"" and I now know why they took that decided. I told them too much about my private life. They didn't have to know I had to resort to medication to get out of depression after I lost my job in August. Anyway, after that failure, I seeked help from a counselor who already helped quite a lot in the past. That discussion was quite helpful, I now realized it doesn't really matter how I'll be achieving my goal. I just need to have confidence that I'll be able to achieve it.  I know where my real passion is, since I've worked for two years as a volunteer, so I could maybe get hired at a place where they dispense treatment for patient in need of psychological support. Even if it's just a low wage job as a night watchman, it will be in a area where I know I have real passion and I could use it as an experience to get in a part time course to get even more involved. I started looking for job in that sector today and I'm really interested in finding something because I know it wouldn't be a job where I'd be constantly waiting for the week-end because of boredom. I don't care if it doesn't pay that much, I intend to use as a launching pad for even better thing. I don't even care anymore if my cousin, is getting 25$/hour at his job constructing aircraft. I'll probably still have some depressing moment as it's normal in real life but I hope I'll be able to stay focused until I find what I'm looking for."
EDIT: FUCK IT
"I've just so tired. I've tried and tried and tried. And I am so sick of problems piling up that I can't seem to solve or resolve. I keep look at my windows of my 10th floor apartment and feel like going to the windows, opening it and just jumping out. I hate myself, my life, my depression and how I am so stuck , I literally can't move. Well, except visualising jumping out of the window. God, I hate being so pathetic and sounding so pathetic"
"Hello members of the sw subreddit,

First something a bit random before I get into the main post: I have a public request to a moderator.  I have a question about making a main page reddit post and I was hoping a mod who can help can message me, I would greatly appreciate it.  And now for the main post:


I figured it's been a long while (7 months since the last sw post) and I figured I should do a follow up with everyone.  I am trying my best to change my life around.  I finally got a job! I'm a roving IT guy which basically means I get a call and head to the location and fix the problems.  Its gotten me out of my room and interacting with the outside world so it is of great help.  However it is not full time and the hours vary widely.  Good example of the varying hours,  last week I had 9 hours while the weeks prior I was routinely clocking in 30 hours and this week I haven't gotten a job yet. No healthcare provided though so still no doctor or psych visits to see how truly messed up I am mentally.  It's not much but it is definitely a good start.  

I also recently bought an exercise bike for real cheap (thanks amazon!) and I have been exercising routinely.  I have set up a med help account to track everything and I am making some good progress.  You can have friends on med help (it's a borderline social network) so if you already have an account  I can add you as a friend if you want to help give me some accountability or just create another unstoppable reddit machine on another website.

I still have some bouts with depression although lately it's because the family dog (Gordon Freeman: figured you might enjoy the name I gave him) is going to need surgery and my family is in a position of find money to pay for it or put him down (he's only 6 and full of life dammit).  Aside from that little blip, it's been ok for me.   I have received all your messages and you all have my thanks.  I do have long periods of time in between logging in sessions thanks to the RSS feed features spoiling me so sometimes it was a while before I saw some messages but I wanted to let you all know that I did read them all and I truly appreciate the caring you all have shown me.  It really did mean a lot .  

So I just wanted to follow up to say you have my many thanks, I'm slowly starting to get things to turn around and hopefully once the veterinarian situation is behind me I can truly see the results this is having on my well being both physically and mentally.  Well thanks for taking the time to read this and once again thanks for the comments and the help.

Also apologies for any weird grammar or typos, I haven't been getting much sleep lately (averaging about 3-4 a night) and have been mostly distraught the past few days.  Every I go back and spellcheck I find more and more errors, I think I finally caught it all.

Ninja Edit: Thanks for the kind words everyone.  Had to put the dog down today and as bad as it is to say it, I do feel a weight lifted off my shoulders.  He was deteriorating really bad and it was the right thing to do even if he as a youngin.  Thanks to the mods for being awesome and thanks to ya'll.  Now that this is behind me I can get back to my exercise routines and work and truly see the benefits of a happier life"
"I don't want to make this dramatic - I've posted once before and thought I was getting better. Unfortunately I believe I was lying to myself more than anything else. 


Life seems to refuse to get better for me despite my best efforts. I dated a girl for 4 months I thought I liked, but she used me for money. I starved practically to ""help"" her out and when she got all she needed out of me she cheated on me and then dumped me, on my 30th birthday, via the cell phone I paid for so she would have a contact number while applying for work. Unlimited text and calling I shit you not. 

I met another girl later on and she used me for emotional comfort and when she was done told me she just wanted to be friends for now. 

The point is I am being used and have a long, life-long history of it. I am a survivor of what I only willing to describe as slavery in another nation before I came here. My adopted parents here (I am an orphan with no knowledge of my extended family) used me to get kickbacks from the government - I was dressed horribly while my 2 brothers had every piece of shit trendy ass clothing you could think of. I don't care about the clothes but I do care about being cared for. 

In my life I seem to literally be a tool. I am tired, sad, depressed, and don't want to go on anymore. Not like this. I still can't seem to make friends. The ones I do have don't listen or understand how I am in so much pain over all this. I have never, ever experienced real happiness and have a large ugly emotional scar on me for being used so horribly during the course of my life - from people who I thought were friends in school (until they didn't need me) to my so-called family, to women, to my boss who despite my severe ass busting won't promote me and likely someone else, to people who only act as though they like me until someone else shows up. 

**TL;DR** I have been alone my whole life - I see no other choice or alternative to end the pain. "
"I am a male in my early 20s, lets leave the backstory at that.

It's not that I want to kill myself necessarily it's just that I can't get these thoughts out of my head how much easier it would be to just fucking end it. But I could never do that to the people who care about me. I've seriously contemplated it, I could never do it.However if I were to die tragically tomorrow that'd be ok with me. 

I want to get help but I'm scared to think what will happen if I admit this to a doctor. Am I likely to end up in a mental hospital? Has anyone here been to a mental hospital?"
"I have nothing. My first semester in college I had everything, the respect of my family and my peers, great courses, a great life. Then one day I woke up and just stopped caring. I stopped calling my friends, I stopped going to class, I stopped doing work, I stopped hanging out with friends, I just...existed. I had done enough good work to pass my first semester, so I could go back a second one. This second one, I tried. I really tried. I did everything I could. I failed all of my classes. Every single one. And now I have a month to get out of my house with no help, because my dad is pissed, I broke off all of my connecvtions with friends, and every time I get money, I save it, but it just goes missing. Someone in my house is stealing any money I try to save to get out of here, and I can't even survive on my own because there aren't any jobs that I'm qualified for and I can't go back to college because I failed and I have no hope for my future so I should just end it. I don't plan to yet, but I am very seriously considering it."
"And I've got no one to talk to til then. I don't suppose I could talk to you guys, could I?"
"I always liked giving gifts to people. Small things like moving people in and out of a new place, free tickets, rides to places, paying for food and drinks. 

My last girlfriend lived with her 35 year old pizza hut manager whom she was having sex with off and on since she was 18, I started dating her when she just turned 19, she lied about weird stuff like being a stripper. He would text her 30 times a day when we were together. I spent a shit load of money on her, she says a lot of mean stuff to me now and has sex with people who pretended to be my friend. I should let it go. But it really bothers me because I feel used and lied to again. The last girl I had interest in hangs out at bars and is into guys that wear tapout shirts and ride super bikes. I don't like that, but I like having a girlfriend. So I am alone right now. 

My friends for the last couple years have mostly been pseudo gangster/hippy drug dealers that go to raves and are just complete white trash. I have cut myself hundreds of times. Mostly as a release from a stressful situation, my torso and arms are covered in scars. Last time I came so close to slicing my wrists open, im covered in blood crying ""do it you fucking pussy!"".

I have felt what it is like to die and let go many times. It's like drowning, it's a shock at first but you just let go and everything goes dark, there is nothing you can do about it. It seems peaceful once you cross the point where you can't return and you know that you can't. I have been training myself for this moment over and over.

The only people I hang out with are all into wearing tie dye, getting fucked up on drugs/alcohol, having sex, and waking up in a pile of vomit. If I didn't call any of them for a year, they wouldn't even notice.

I only talk to one person about how I feel. An ex girlfriend who is a nurse. She seems worried but she has a kid and a boyfriend, I don't think she has an answer, I just vent to her and talk about normal stuff too. She is the kind of person I would like to have as a friend because she has her shit together and isn't a trashy hick, but it's probably best if we just talk online.

 I have panic attacks a lot, where I curl up and feel terrible. I think of people being mean to me and what my funereal is going to be like, it's all I can think about. Lately I tried to channel the rage I have into lifting weights and riding a bike. It helps, but only so much. I still feel the same even after biking 30-40 miles everyday. I had a strange childhood. My father worked out of state mostly and my mother has something wrong with her that I could never figure out. I think she might be bipolar. We started having fights when I was in middle school, she would say terrible things to me and hit me. Tell me she wish I was never born, she hopes I die in my sleep. I was hospitalized several times. This is when I first started going into what I can describe as a numb feeling.

In 7th grade I weighed 120lbs, in 9th grade I weighed 280lbs, in 12th grade I weighed 130lbs. My body is covered in stretch marks, loose skin, and now dozens of unsightly scars. I dropped out of college at the end of my second year. I haven't had a stable job in years. I don't want to work or go to school. I have lost faith in humanity. I am convinced that I suffer from borderline personality disorder. I don't see a future, except being homeless or dead."
I don't know what to think about it. I feel I'll be just as miserable going through a divorce (and my life after that) than staying in the miserable marriage itself. This leaves me feeling awful and suicide feeling more like an option. Please has anyone felt this way?
"There's a lot of things I guess (if I put my mind to it) can change about my life. I can go to college again and try to get an education and I could probably break off the bad relationship I'm in if I tried. That's not the problem though. It's me that has to change.

All my life I've always been the shyest, most timid person I have known. For 22 years I have gone through life hardly speaking to anyone. I did have a couple good friends that I only found from circumstances I did not create, but I wouldn't call any of them my BEST friend. I would call them my only friends. I feel like I just don't know how to speak around people, even if it's my extended family. (I do speak in front of immediate family, but I guess I wouldn't say we're open with one another.) When someone says my name or asks me a question I literally freeze up inside and my mind goes blank, when I manage to spit out something (usually no more than one or two words) I cannot look them in the eye, much less at all sometimes. The only thing I've ever been able to speak about WAS my ability socially awkward, so at the very least I can explain myself, but I never can tell if they actually believe me. Most of the time I think people assume I'm stuck up/hate them/am mad because those are a few things people have said that's why they didn't approach me either. I'd like to say conversing online is different, but I'm just as scared..just lucky that's easier to erase something dumb I'm about to say before I hit send and replace it with something else.

Obviously this has put a damper on a lot of things in life...like getting a job. Acquiring friends. It's even inhibited my ability to get a driver's license, as I am so nervous while taking the test I began crying as soon as I made the smallest mistake. There are also random, everyday things that scare the wits out of me, like looking up at the sky, or the wind if it blows too hard, or looking out at the vast ocean at the beach. I fear disaster at any moment. Sometimes I even worry people can read my mind and I have to coax myself back into knowing that's not true. I just freak out on the inside. When something bad happens to me or I say something dumb it replays in my mind over and over and over again.

I've never seen a doctor about any of this. I am too scared to even  call up. I just want to be ""normal"". I want to be able to talk to people. I feel so fucking worthless when I finally do find something to say and no one to say it to. I want to be able to stand up for myself when I know someone is trying to treat me like the doormat I am. I can't. I don't know how. I know some people just aren't big talkers, but at the end of the day I find myself crying myself to sleep wishing I were someone else. I utterly loathe myself."
"It's 2:30 am and I am writing everything that has been in my head for you to read. I have never told anyone any of this, and this is the second time I have tried to write this for others to try to understand me. As a kid I have always felt out of place. No matter where I went or what I did nothing ever felt right to me. I know what I am supposed to feel but I just dont feel it. I laugh at jokes but I dont really feel like laughing. Something that makes other people angry or sad does little or nothing to me. I can brush off these emotions like they where never there. I have been this way for as long as I remember. But I wouldnt say that I feel no emotions, its just that they are there somewhere deep inside, almost like they are deep within a vault inside of me and the combination is always changing. Sometimes I guess the right numbers and get to open the vault and experience emotions, but mostly I am wrong and I have to fake it. I knew I was not normal at a young age so I started lying to make myself seem normal, to protect myself. Faking who I was started to become normal and soon I got good at it. In high school I learned how to become humorous. I watched many comedy movies and stand up routines until I learned how to be a funny guy. I thought this was the perfect way to get people to like me, and it was. I always said things to make people laugh and this became who I was, I almost believed it. Its easy to be friends with guys because guys dont share emotions with each other. I can fake being a normal guy no problem. But being a normal guy means that eventually I would get close to a girl. I have gotten close to a few girls in my life. I was always one step away from a relationship or even just having sex. Each time I dream and hope that this would become a relationship, but I would be brought back down to reality when they try to get close to me. That is where I cannot fake anymore. Once they see there is nothing else deep within me they move on. If I was a building I would be a beautiful tall and big building with lots of signs and decorations that made it look good on the outside. But as soon as you went in, its nothing but cob webs, cold, and darkness. Nothing inside that would make you want to stay.

I am always alone and this is how I like it, I think. Sometimes I wish I was the last man alive on earth. Nothing but peace and quiet and no more faking or lying. But truthfully I want to be normal, this is why I fake being normal. But there is just something wrong with me that prevents me from getting close to anyone, something that is way beyond my control. I hate myself, I can barely look at myself in the mirror. I avoid looking at my reflection whenever I can. I can fake being normal, but as soon as I see my reflection I am reminded that I am not normal and I am still myself. When I look into my future I dont see anything good. I just see more faking, trying to be normal. I know I will never be happy trying to be someone I am not for my entire life. I almost took my life the night I realized this. How do you live a life that is a lie everyday? I have no more respect for my life now. I want to die and I curse every morning that I wake up. If I where to die right now who would care? My parents yes, but they dont really know me. Im not sure they still would if they found out that I have been lying to them and that I havent really been going to college for 3 years. But I do have one last bit of hope, one last way I can try to salvage my life and try to start things over. Im going to join the Army or the Marines in a few days. I feel like maybe they can shape me into a different person, like maybe something might snap into place. If anything can break down a person its boot camp or battle. I hope this is can be true, if nothing changes then I will kill myself. If I can die while fighting I feel that this would be the best way for anyone who does actually care about me to cope with my death, mainly my family. I hope I will be accepted into the Army or Marines. If not I will have to take my own life. This next week will be the most important for me. It will be the next step to what may be the last of my life. "
"I'm afraid that I eventually will. There have been many close calls this year, due to stress, relationship problems, and severe feelings of inadequacy. I had suicide notes written and pills in hand, until I finally called a friend to help-- but I feel like this won't last long.  

My childhood was abusive-- I thought I was truly happy when I came to college: studying something I loved, many friends, and fell in love with a great guy. When I realized that I wasn't enough for him, it just threw me back into depression. For the past two years, I've been tormented by having to see him and the girl he likes now at school-- and I've also become more reclusive from my friends. 

 Daydreaming, games and art have always been my escape; now I've added the internet, and procrastination. It's also devastating to think that people were not all created equal, that perhaps the girl my ex fell for is just better than me.  I constantly wish that I could be someone different. 

I know this might sound ridiculous, but I feel like there's no point in going on if you're not at the top of the gene pool. "
"I'm 26, and I've been struggling with depression since my late teens.  When it got really bad the first time, I smoked a lot of pot.  I spent years in a haze before moving back home.  A couple years after moving back, I finally got on drugs that worked, and attempted to go back to University.  Things were great until I experienced something called an ""SSRI poopout"".  My drugs stopped working.

It's been a few months now, and the first new drug I tried only made me feel worse.  I'm waiting for the second new one to kick in now, but my hope is minimal.

When I'm thinking clearly, suicide is far from an option.  Logically, I know that I'm going to find another drug that works and things will get better.

Lately though, I haven't been thinking clearly.  I'm so tired of being depressed.  I'm tired of not being able to function in society without medication.  I'm tired of being tired.  Worst of all, since the drugs stopped working once, it can happen again.  It's hard to have hope knowing that I may have to face this struggle again and again and again.

When I'm feeling logical, suicide is never an option.

Lately, though, my mind wanders to such terrifying thoughts, and in the moment...

My mother is concerned, she knows someone who recently, when changing depression meds, killed himself seemingly out of nowhere.  I told her I would never, but her concern reminded me of moments... scary moments.

The last time it felt like a real option I frightened myself out of those thoughts, but what if next time there's less fear and more exhaustion?

I should tell my therapist or my psychiatrist, but in the clear light of day it seems silly.  Why would I do that?  I fear death more than anything.  But then I have these thoughts and...  sometimes...  I'm afraid of what I might do.

I keep telling myself that it's silly, that I would never go through with it, and yet...

I don't know."
"I have been under a lot of stress lately - too much work, not enough time to do it, that sort of thing.  For the past few months, it's been pretty much non-stop - the only time I am not working is when I am sleeping, and I don't get enough sleep.

Lately, I've started having random suicidal fantasies out of nowhere.  This morning, I woke up with a clear image in my head of me taking a kitchen knife from the knife drawer and cutting into my carotid with it.  I've also had equally clear, detailed images of hanging myself or throwing myself under a car.  This morning, I could not think of anything else.  I eventually just forced myself to go back to sleep, and a few extra hours of sleep really helped, but I am scared.

I'm not depressed; really, if I think about it, my life is going pretty well now.  I've never been on any psychiatric medication or seen a psychiatrist for any reason.  I am, when rational, very afraid of death and I know I don't want to die.  But what I had this morning, and all of last week, was not rational.

Has anyone else had this, and what do you do about it?  Alas, any kind of rest / relaxation is not an option right now."
"Sorry for the disjointed title (and sure to be disjointed post). I am having a lot of trouble thinking clearly right now.

Basically, I've been extremely depressed for months on end, on and off since I was 8 or 9. It got worse when I was around 12 and has become more severe since then. I'd say I seriously consider suicide &gt;2 times per week, and the only reason I hold on is because I know my suicide would (metaphorically) kill my friends and family.

I don't like living anymore. The other day I realized that instead of killing myself, I should probably put aside my pride and try to seek treatment first to see if I can truly be happy. I don't like my dad, but my mom is, while often annoying, very loving. But I just can't bring myself to talk about it with her, because I know she will treat me differently (they're the type of people who'd never let me be alone again if they knew).

I have also has insomnia for 2 or so years (trouble falling asleep because of racing thoughts) and get panic attacks every so often. I told my mom about my sleeping problems and she's bringing me to a doctor to get checked out in 2 weeks. I get really scared when talking about my mental state and only a few very close friends know about how I've been feeling.

So... Am I supposed to bring it up somehow? Will my doctor ask me?

I usually lie and say I'm great, but I just want to be happy and a normal teenager, or else I want to die, and I'm so very tired.

I'm sorry for all of this. I just want some help, but the very thought of talking to my mom makes me cry."
"I made a bit of progress toward my goald but nonetheless, I still know I have no more than 10 weeks of unemployment insurance left. So, it brings me lots of anxiety and stress. Last week, I began looking for job in an area I know I have a passion, after I received advice from a counselor but I still have that deadline in August and I'm really afraid. So far, I received one answer, I made a call on Friday and he told me he will soon need another employee, this summer. It would be a nice job as nightwatchman in a place housing people with mental health problem, but the trouble is I can't rely only on supposition. I need a clear answer soon. I don't really know how I would get back to work at a place, like in a restaurant, I know I won't have any other choices if I don't get that job as a nightwachman, but still I don't know how much time I'll be able to handle the pressure from it. I mean, I worked for years doing something I didn't really like and not doing anything interesting in the week end, but it can't imagine doing it again for months even years after years of boredom. Ughh, this is kind of a decisive moment, I should maybe call the doctor right away to find wether if I could get any other help related to my condition or anything before moving any further."
"About a year ago, I sat in a bathtub with a knife in my hand taking solace in the fact that it would all be over soon. The only reason I stopped was the text I got saying ""I love you"" from a girl. 

Tonight, I spent 4 hours crying after explaining how I feel to her and having her reject me, so there is no hope for me. So where do I go now? I graduated high school today. It should have been a happy day for me. But today just had he floodgates of bad news open up. Now I just feel empty inside. I can't sleep, I can't eat, and I feel sick.

I'm just a husk of a person now. Showing what has been."
"spot the throwaway account.

I read the ""read this first"" thing, and it's really good. But how do I increase my coping resources?

I've emailed the samaritans, and also contacted a friend I can trust by IM, but we are in different timezones, so no reply from there yet.


I've been under enormous strain since November on two fronts. Financially I have been trying to survive on less than half of benefits rates [uk, emergency rate IS less deductions, £32/w to run a flat and pay everything]. I've only kept the net together, which is all my social life since I can afford no other, due to donations from friends. I'm awaiting an appeal, 7 months of waiting now. Even if I lose my income will double.

My partner has just dumped me,3 days ago, and I've struggled to even find out why. All I really know is he meant it. He's got issues with alcohol and ptsd, and has dumped me 12 previous times due to his flashbacks to an abusive wife who stabbed him and had many affairs. I'm not like that, I'm loyal and faithful. I fight clean, but am accused[probably rightly] of having a devastating tongue [perhaps because I skewer the target with my on topic, no insults truthtelling].

I'm bipolar ii, not on meds. I really struggle to get any help at all from my doctor, and he's one of the better ones. It seems I come across as quite together. I've learned to ride out depression and not run the self-derogatory scripts in my head.

I really loved that guy, perhaps inappropriately, and I'm utterly devastated to be dumped after what amounts to our first real fight. I have the full emotional gamut running here... it's not fair! since I let him off the last 12 dumpings when he woke in the morning realising he'd made a mistake again. I'm really quite isolated, and utter poverty gives me very few options to change that. With him gone I've lost all my support, love and luck, at least that's how it feels.

I don't expect to stay in this emotional hell-hole for long, I'm a survivor of too many broken situations and I have learned to harden my heart and keep going.

Right now I feel utterly exhausted, despairing, scared, hurt, lost... and clueless.

Please help me get through this patch, even if it sounds like self-pity. That great link on the sidebar defines suicidal thoughts as more pain than coping resources. That's just how it is right now."
"i'm very lonely and don't have any friends. I suck at school because I have no motivation to study. I failed all my finals.

Some people invited me out on my birthday last night out of pity and it ended up with me ruining their night because I'm such a stupid loser. They all left early, because we weren't having fun. They also wouldn't introduce me to any of their friends they were talking to. I think it's because I talked about weird things, even though I don't remember most of it. I get anxious before I'm supposed to go out, so I drink.

I realized it's all my fault, and no amount of people taking pity on me and inviting me out is going to fix me. I don't know what to do.

Tried all the therapy and medication stuff, tried imitating other people and acting normal. But nothing works and at the end of the day, I feel like I'm already dead."
"[We'd love your input, dear SW readers :-)](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/c7786/what_now/)

Please post in the thread linked above, though, thanks :-)"
"I'd like all readers and submitters of SW to remember this, and hang on."
"Why I'm feeling this way:
1. I have several chronic illnesses, i'm in constant pain, and can't afford medications I need.
2. My husband and I lost everything last year. Our car, house and almost everything we owned. 
3. We now live in a garage.
4. We are always broke. 
5. There are no job prospects for someone as sick as me, and disability has turned me down 3 times. 
6. I feel that things will never get better and it's time to end it. 

I'm at the end of my rope. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. I beg God to end the pain, let me see a glimmer of hope, and then things get worse. There's nothing to believe in anymore. There is no hope. Any thoughts or ideas before I go? 

Edit: It's been 2 hours since I posted and I'm feeling more hopeless by the minute. Guess it's time after all....."
"Hello SW people,

I made [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/byawi/please_someone_listen_to_me_i_feel_completely/) post a couple of weeks ago, and I'd just like to give a little update/life-sign, to get some closure (and maybe give the people who helped me some).

I'd first like to thank the people here in SW, from the bottom of my heart. I remember sitting in my apartment alone, confused, feeling like a beaten dog with no-one to turn to. It was *you* that stopped me from doing something stupid. I remember I was ogling a bottle of Vodka at the time, which seemed like the solution to what I was facing. I just wanted to be gone, and to be disattatched from the horrible feelings I had. If I would've drunk that bottle I'd either would've had alcohol poisoning and no-one to help me with, or would've thrown myself off something. It was you that gave me someone to turn to, someone to talk about everything and even someone to confide into. This goes for all the people who responded to the topic, and who PM'd me. So, again, thank you. 

If you want to know what the after story is: I went to the train station to buy myself a ticket home. I had turned my cell off for some reason. When I came back home he was in front of my door. As soon as I saw him, I broke down crying. He started to try to apologize, but my whining kind of drowned him out. I sank to my knees in front of the door, and he leaned down and hugged me. As soon as he touched me, I felt contempt. I pushed him away, got up, and told him that he had broken us and that nothing was ever going to be the same. I opened my door and slammed it shut. The next day I was off on a 9 hour train ride. My family didn't know why I had come, so I just engaged in some routine actions, to keep myself busy. Being away from it all gave me a long time to think, what subsequently lead me to more and more mixed emotions. After about a week, I sent him a single text message: ""I miss you"". I was angry that he hadn't tried to contact me, for the whole time actually, until I checked my email account. I had stayed away from the internet for some time, because i didn't want to communicate with anybody. In my inbox I saw mail after mail from him, telling me that he was sorry. 

So I decided to give him a second chance. I saw him again for the first time yesterday. Things are different. They are awkward. I don't think we'll be a couple again, but I think we can get along.

So, that's my story. 

Thanks for listening."
"I posted here a while back and I really felt better afterwards. I actually recently thought maybe I wasn't depressed and that I was just being stupid.

I don't have any motivation to do anything, I can't even get out of bed most days and tasks like finding a job or talking to other people just seem so meaningless and stupid.

I don't know where people get motivation from i've tried so hard recently to just get up and do stuff and I just can't. Most weeks I can't even be bothered to shower. Nothing I can think of doing, or that I see other people do seems worth the effort they have to put in.

I'm not really considering suicide or anything but this community has really helped me before and i guess I'm just hoping for that kind of lift again to get me out of bed in the mornings at least.

I don't know who else to turn to really, I don't want to worry my family because they have all their own shit going on at the moment and I don't want being being an idiot to make things any worse for them. I don't really feel close enough to any of my friends either to talk to them about this, they don't really know how I feel about stuff and i'd kind of rather they didn't know really."
"I'm 18 years old. I've never had a girlfriend. I'm a virgin. I only just kissed a girl for the first time a few weeks ago. I just spent the past 2 weeks of my life having my heart ripped out and stepped on by a girl who in all respects was the girl of my dreams in terms of intelligence, looks, having similar interests as I do, not being a christian, etc. She was cheating on her boyfriend with me because I thought she wanted out. It turns out she was just test driving me and then got nervous and felt guilty because she told me she never loved anyone the way she loves him.

All I've ever wanted in life is someone I can love, but I've never gotten it.

 I just graduated High School. I went to a vocational school for what was essentially graphic arts. I liked photoshop and video editing, but towards the end I just felt like I had completely killed my creativity. I love creating. Every single career I've ever wanted to be has involved making something. Robotics, Game Design, Film-Making, Programming. I like to write poetry and play guitar and keyboard but I'm not good at anything. I used to try and teach myself japanese but I never got fluent. I tried teaching myself python but I didn't understand it. I don't know what I want out of life anymore and see no point in trying any longer to decide. I just want to end this meaningless existance."
"How do I admit to my loved ones (Mother and Father) that I desperately need help and medication.  I am a faker and pretend to be somewhat happy, but I'm a failure on many fronts and I cannot keep this up for much longer.  The lump in my throat swells as I write this because I am admitting that I am truly weak and pathetic.  I am being yet again forced into a job that I hate because I cannot find my passion because I hate myself.  My thoughts grow darker and dark as I fall endlessly into the void.  Maybe it's the air here in Denver, but I feel like I've been suffocating for so many years.  Any advice?  Thanks."
"I'm sure everyone's tired of getting these kinds of posts, but basically I've been madly in love with a girl for the past 4 years. I've forsaken friends and family to spend time not with her, but just like... I can't even describe it... thinking about her? Back when myspace was big I'd read all of the comments left on her page and follow the comments she left on other people's pages. I printed out all of her blog posts and combined them into a book so I could have a physical copy of the words she'd written. I committed all of the little myspace chain bulletins she did to memory, and can tell you her favorite colors and numbers. I can tell you the colors of her room, and the colors of the sheets on her bed, even though I've never been within a block of her house, just based on contextual clues from reading everything she's written. I've  become so distraught that at times I literally beat myself up, punching myself in the face or throwing myself into walls due to the frustration of how much I like this person. I think I've become an alcoholic. I need it to sleep. If I don't drink enough, I can't stop thinking about her long enough to fall asleep. She doesn't hate me or anything, and she actually likes me as an acquaintance. She thinks I'm funny, and smart, and enjoys my company when we're with mutual friends. But she's dropped very clear hints that were I ever to make any sort of romantic move, the relationship we have would be over.

Basically, I'm at the end of my rope. I'm not sure how much longer I can go on like this, and I'm running out of stories to cover up my injuries. In a few months, I'll never see her in person again, and I'm not sure I'll be able to take it. I know this is very stereotypical whining, but I'm hoping someone can give me some advice. I'll take anything. Please."
"I am really sorry for how messy this is going to be, I just need someone to talk to right now, I don't know how much more of this I can take. I am constantly unhappy, everything just feels wrong, I keep being told about how I have nothing to be upset about and that my life is just fine and that I'm lucky and I know I'm alive I'm healthy I have a family.. But that all just feels like an obligation to keep going like I owe it to my parents and my boyfriend, but I just don't want to do this any more. I'm tired of having no friends and bring in a long distance relationship with someone who thinks I'm nothing but selfish. I spend so much time balancing between keeping him happy and keeping my family happy and trying to make sure that nobody feels that I'm leaving them out... My mum feels like she's going to lose mr because of how much I love him and because they don't get on and he thinks that I'm selfish for trying to stop her feeling that way and that I just like making a scene out of nothing because I get upset about this andhe says I don't love him I just love having him. I'm selfish and I don't think of his feelings enough because I get worried about his feelings for me. The only thing keeping me going is the knowledge that it'll hurt people I love if I die but I just hurt them now and maybe if I was gone it would all just stop. I need someone to be there who won't just think I'm attention seeking, I'm hurting i feel so alone and I just don't want to hurt anymore..."
"http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/a2l3g/loser/

Some of the ideas festered in my head and I realized that I loved my family too much to kill myself, and that I don't have the balls to do it. Since then my social life has taken something of a turnaround. Two random people out of the blue asked me to hang out. Little random stuff like that really helped me out.

Last summer I just watched movies and did other stuff all by myself, and that is how the school year used to be for me. Now I have some people to hang out with.

I found the advice about taking walks and getting out of the house to be really good. I took up a sport and started doing other ""stuff"". 

The only thing that remains is an odd spurt of depression about once a month, and it is rarely suicidal in nature, just a lot of hatred. I find myself getting more and more mad at the school I go to, and its inhabitants, but summer is around the corner. Lack of a girlfriend bugs me, but there are a lot of girls out there, and I'm sure I'll find one that likes me.

I feel like depression is no longer a crippling part of my life, but it will come up now and then. I now have the ability to reroute my mind, in a way. I can analyze what my mind is upset about and end it, fast. Something I couldn't do before. I think that ability came about after I was happy for a solid month.

Thanks for all the advice, you people are great :)"
"Jumped off a bridge into a river, got picked up by police, and can only think about doing it again. I just don't see any reason to live."
"My wife found out I was looking at porn; and lieing to her. To give some background quickly, this happened once while we were still dating, and we had a discussion about it where she explained how it hurt her and she considered it cheating, and I explained how I had been weak and/or addicted. After this things returned to normal, in a bad way. She got pregnant with our first, and out of stress and weakness I found myself going to porn again. we still had sex regularly, and when she asked about if I still did it, I'm pretty sure I said no, lying. Knowing that she would be angry/hurt, I tried my best to suppress this, and at the same time keep it from her.

We got married, and it continued, and I slowly kept sliding into depression from knowing this would hurt her, and that on top of that I was lying still, hiding things from her. I tried to justify this a thousand ways to myself, and tried to live normally. She got pregnant with our last, and I still did these things, selfishly. 

A week or so ago, my wife found out I was looking at porn, again. This time the situation is a whole lot worse. I've (inadvertantly) made her feel like she wants to die, and it's made me want to do the same. I've always looked down on the thought of doing this, but I've hit a dead end, so to speak. We've talked constantly, and shes told me how much she hurts, went into every detail of how I've destroyed her world. She's asked for us to start again. She admitted she can't trust me anymore, and therefore can't be with me; then she told me she made a choice to try to trust me. Then she's told me she couldn't do it. Can't live with herself at all. 

She's been telling me things I've never heard about how she trusted me more than anyone, and how I've hurt her more than anyone ever, and how I've CHEATED on her with a thousand other women, who are all sexier than her, everywhere in our house, and I haven't even shwn respect for our marriage bed, because I've done it there.

She has a lot of issues with anxiety that are undiagnosed, and I actually went yesterday to the doctor, the first I can ever remember going to since I was 5, and got medication for depression that was up until now undiagnosed. I've been the one to schedule appointments with the therapist for couples counseling, to try to work to stop her from hurting and get us together as a family -- and she's started again to say that it can't work. 

There's a lot I'm leaving out, by nessecity; I'm at work right now, for 1.5 more hours. All I can think about is losing all of them. she's said she can't kill herself because of the kids, of course. but constantly tells me she wants to die, in between telling me all the things she deserves/doesn't deserve and I do/don't deserve. I've said the same (about the kids), but she's slowly breaking me down; I'm dropping reasons to live left and right. I keep thinking of warriors commiting seppuku, dishonored to the point of destroying themselves. I'm normally a happy person, but I'm never a normal person.

 I thought she would see, and she's made efforts to try and understand why I did these things, but she turns back in to her thoughts and wants to know more questions, and I have to answer them, because I don't want to lie anymore. She'll believe me, but then asks me more, and makes herself hurt worse for knowing. Then she'll tell me she can almost understand, and wants me to never hurt her -- anyway the last straw for her was that I had done it on the bed. She asked how many times, I answered, she said bullshit, I elaborted, she said I was lying. Then that it didn't matter. then that she wanted to die, and fuck you, etc. The last thing she said was that I better not do some stupid shit like suicide, that I'd be a fucking coward and leave (of course) two little defenseless kids. I would say the same to somebody else, but I'm starting to think maybe that is what I am, and therfore I deserve that. I've hurt her, and it's killing me.
"
"I really need someone to talk to, preferably via PM. I know it's a lot to ask, but I can't talk to anyone else and I don't want anyone to see this, I'm really ashamed.

I am ready to just give up. Something really bad happened the other day, and it has pretty much pushed me over the edge. I want to be done, I can't take this anymore. Please help."
"I feel bad even being here, but I feel really bad. It all started around September last year, I had been travelling in Central America and was enjoying it but still had a year to finish in college, I was about to book a flight to Peru, but thought 'hang on, maybe I should go home and finish my degree instead, then I'll be able to travel as much as I want', so I booked a flight home instead, which, in hindsight was the single worst decision I've ever made in my life.

So I got back, I didn't feel too bad at the start when I arrived but I soon began missing classes due to laziness (I had been studying in Mexico, where no effort at all was required, I guess I never got back into the swing of things here), that wasn't such a problem, but most of my friends had left my city while I was away or were busy with their new things. I used to go to the college chaplaincy to hang out, that's where all my friends were, but this year there was no one sound there at all. I'm not religious but this year and last, the chaplaincy had become more focused around religious stuff, so the people there were religious and conservative and generally not my kind of people. Luckily, I met a really gregarious guy and we hit it off, so I was able to hang around him and his friends for the first semester.

So, I'd get up at like 3pm, not go to any classes, then go out to some party that night. However, I was never able to make any progress with any women and it kinda brought me down coupled with my bad performance in college. I started wanting a girlfriend too, not just a one-night stand, but, though I was surrounded by lots of girls, I couldn't make any progress with any of them, bringing me down.

Then, my ex-girlfriend came to visit my city and we ended up hooking up again, but we broke up a second time soon after. This kinda made me want a relationship even more, it made we want to go out and party less, so I began declining a few invitations and my new group of friends stopped inviting me to new stuff as a result (what wankers, no?). Around this time I began a fuck-buddy relationship with a girl I had fancied since before I went to Mexico. In the second semester too, I focused myself better, began getting up earlier and going to classes and even studying a bit, at this point before my other friends stopped inviting me to things were actually looking up and I began feeling really good, I had several groups of friends, a fuck-buddy who was really hot and cool and things were looking good academically.

Then it all began to fuck up because of my dissertation. I had only been to two of my dissertation classes first semester and had been too scared to just turn up again, so I procrastinated a bit but eventually emailed my teacher who told me that the class had ended already and everyone was just working on their thing now. He told me, though, that I could email him my proposal and he'd see the story. So I emailed it to him but he didn't get back to me for a good week or two, during which time I didn't work on it myself. He eventually got back to me and gave me some resources, but this was like two weeks before the deadline. I nevertheless began working on it, going to the city library for newspaper archives, checking the internet for stuff, etc. But I made little progress. After a day spent trolling through 80 year old newspapers before realising I had been looking at the wrong dates, I gave up, decided to try instead to hand in the dissertation in August, when normally you repeat exams and I informed the teacher my decision. He emailed me back informing that if I did that, my mark would be capped at 40%, a bare pass, giving me a pass degree and making it effectively worthless. Nonetheless I didn't keep working at the dissertation cause I knew I'd never be able to get anywhere with it in time. So, I basically lost all interest in college. I kept going to classes and turned up for tests, but I stopped studying and began considering other options.

At that stage, I felt really bad, but not yet suicidal, I said to myself 'well, it's ok, I'll get a job here for the summer, it'll give me time to think and get my feet on the ground'. That had been my plan anyway, so I began to feel a bit better. So, I went around town asking in loads of places and each one told me no, no interviews, no nothing, just no. There were no jobs. This made me feel really bad and is when I began contemplating suicide. I ran my scissors lightly across my wrists, which I had only ever done once in my life before. After I came back from looking for jobs, I just lay down on my bed, not able to move.

However, I somehow recovered, I met my fuck-buddy friend that day and she made me feel much better about myself. I began thinking again about my options and cam up with a few ideas for making money, I was going to work as a computer repairs person to get cash while I interned on film sets (neither of these things had anything to do with my degree, I was going to get experience with both and work my way up). So, feeling better, I emailed every computer place in my city and they either didn't reply or said no. Cue a depressive cycle again, though not nearly as bad as before.

At this point, my 'regular' group of friends basically had stopped inviting me places, we saw each other rarely at this point. I had also completely given up on college, my exams were coming up but I didn't study for any of them, thought I turned up for most of them, one I missed cause I didn't reach it in time and for one I couldn't answer any of the questions but I was too embarrased to just get up and leave so I sat there for an hour and a half and handed up a blank answer-sheet.

Vis-à-vis the fuck-buddy, I was always cautious of her cause I knew she probably wouldn't ever feel like going out with me, so I was kinda looking for someone else. I did not find anyone, I didn't go on a single date the whole duration of the fuck-buddy thing, though I did almost hook up with one girl, the only girls I met would be drunkenly at clubs when out with my few acquaintances.

I began trying to write music too, I bought a guitar more or less to make myself feel better. I wrote a bit but found it hard to stay motivated and doubted the quality of what I wrote.

With the fuck-buddy, we'd had a bunch of ups and downs, both of us liked each other, but we were both unsure about whether or not to get into a relationship, eventually then, this Monday we sat down and talked, I said to her that I was willing to give it a shot if she was. She said no, she wasn't. On Tuesday then, I finished my last exam, so the money/career thing was really brought home. Those two things have triggered extreme depression. They've really brought home my loneliness and lack of prospects. I feel like a complete and utter failure, especially when I think of the life that my fuck-buddy's had. I haven't done anything cool like she has, she said she's had 4-5 affairs *since september*. Since fucking september and here I am, the retard, trying my arse off to get one girl and not able to and she has 4 or fucking 5 without even wanting them. Fuck's sake, what am I worth like? I have no friends, no girls, no career prospects, I'm a loser. My whole life, the only thing I've wanted was to not have a wasted life and now here I am, completely useless, in 23 years, I haven't produced a single worthwhile thing, she's a musician, has been in bands, has performed various times and her stuff is fucking great. And she does it all naturally, just for fun, I have to push myself, create strategies to try keep myself motivated and they usually fucking fall through anyway. Correction, they always fall through, except for once, I have failed to achieve any of the goals I have set for myself.

Yesterday I emailed about 20 different addresses looking for jobs, today 4 got back to me to tell me no.

I have failed, I am a failure at life. If this was a video game, I would have press reset a long time ago. I have nothing to show for my time on earth and it looks like I wont have anything to show for the next 20 years either, since I have nothing going for me now. All my friends are excited about finishing college, they have such great prospects and plans and things lined up, I've failed college, I'm the retard, I'm nothing compared to them, after 5 years what have I got to show for it? Nothing, like, not even a degree.

What the fuck do I do now, like? What can I do? I am completely unemployable, I'll never be able to be the things that I want to be, I'll never be rich. I'll never have friends or a girlfriend, what the fuck is keeping me on this planet?

But I don't want to die, I want to be happy, I want friends and prospective girlfriends, I want to be cool, confident, sociable, financially stable. But I'm never gonna be that, reddit, I've fucked up and I don't see a way back. So logically the best step is to kill myself, continuing living would just be painful and would not bring any reward."
"It's like the universe (or whatever) is mocking me. I get invited out, now, at the end of the fucking semester. I get an offer for a better place to live when everyone is going back home and I am expected to as well.

It's all out of pity anyway. Fuck them. 

I'm thinking cyanide. That is supposed to be painless."
"hi there.  I've never posted here on reddit before even though I've been reading/following it since near the beginning, so bear with me, I guess.

...I've spent hours going over this in my head and I still don't know where to begin.  I am a thirtysomething guy, diagnosed autistic &amp; bipolar (going w/o therapy or antidepressants for years now -- one of the uninsured masses who can't afford that stuff even if I wanted to, long story short).  In the past three years alone I've gone through the worst events of my life, the deaths of one of my best friends, my sister, and my husband, all one after the other -- watching the last two die right in front of me -- on top of a history that includes getting raped at ten, my other sister being murdered and left in a ditch, and an almost-100% complete failure rate with friendships and relationships over my entire life.

I have literally no one left except my mother -- she's the only reason I've held on this long (though I've made two serious suicide attempts, once in my teens and the other after my husband's funeral, both failed).  But she is in very poor health and when she's gone, I'm gone.  I consider that all but a foregone conclusion, really.  Perhaps the sickest, part is that some part of me is strongly WAITING for her to go -- both because she has been in so much pain of her own for so long -- &amp; because it is the one last excuse I have against ending my own.

I used to be a very creative guy, but ever since the day I found my husband headfirst out of the bed, his face slammed into the floor shattered like glass -- all the spark has pretty much gone out of me.  When I watched cancer eat my sister away in front of my eyes less than a year later -- &amp; then heard of the death of my dear friend (and I have only two or three friends left, all thousands of miles away) only weeks ago... all that just sealed the door farther shut.  (Literally -- I've also wrestled w/ agoraphobia &amp; reclusiveness most of my life -- which I was coming a long way in overcoming with the man who became my husband... but since he died I almost never go out anymore, entire months at a time go by now when I don't even set foot outside the front door -- &amp; I haven't met or spoken to anyone in person besides my family for nearly two years now.)

I guess the worst thing is that, believe it or not, I'm not even really depressed.  I just feel so... beyond that, I suppose.  I've been bipolar all my life and I've developed my ways of riding out the rollercoaster, there's always a part of me that knows in the worst depths or the most manic highs (and I still do have happy days, sometimes -- I don't know how, my screwy brain is its own free agent on that count) that these will pass, that everything does.  The problem is not depression... I am just... so... fucking... TIRED.  Soul tired.  (I'm an atheist, but I can't think of a better way to succintly put it -- drained bone dry in mind and in heart.)  My brain chemistry still keeps the rollercoaster going, but it's just carrying a zombie waiting for the ride to just be fucking over.

And there you have it.  I don't even know why I'm doing this, I honestly don't expect anything... but thanks for listening anyway.  I'm sure there are many, many, many other people like me who read/follow places like this, and have never or will never say a word -- who, whether we go over the edge or not... are still just genuinely grateful that people like you are here, listening, trying."
"It took me a while to get this done because I absolutely hate talking about this but something needs to be done.  Haters gonna hate so downvoters do your thing.

Yes I am thinking about killing myself.  Again.  Let's just get that out of the way.

Now, for a back story, which involves (predictably) a girl and a few regrets.

In 2003 I nearly slashed my throat with a knife.  I was a self-injurer back then.  I nearly bled to death, once.  I got it cleaned up though and nobody noticed.  That was the closest I've come to killing myself until a few years later.  This is probably what really set in motion an ongoing cycle of suicidal thoughts -&gt; almost suicide -&gt; hey things got better -&gt; things are okay -&gt; oh god what the FUCK -&gt; suicidal thoughts -&gt; again.

Over the years I've gone in and out of this cycle several times.  I am currently bouncing between ""oh god wtf"" and suicidal thoughts.

I'm going to summarize the most recent disaster quickly because I fucking hate having telling this story for the 11 millionth time.

In 2005 I met a girl - I will call her Susan - we were classmates.  It took me 2 years to work up the courage to ask her out.  She said no, of course, but I was proud of myself for trying.

We graduated in 2007 and maintained loose contact (her idea, really).

In 2008 we started talking about things over email.  We shared a few personal things.  Susan was a friend of my own friends so we were already part of the same social circles.  We got close (as much as you might be able to over email).  I guess I must've been doing something right because she invited me along on a trip to another country with several of our friends.  Did you get all that?  Susan, myself, and a few other people were all going on a trip to another continent.  This was her idea.

So in 2009 we go.  At first Susan is herself but about two days in a switch flipped inside her head and suddenly she turned distant, bitter, short, angry, annoyed, etc etc.  I didn't understand what was going on and it was putting a serious damper on my ""vacation"".  This went on for two weeks.  She had become a completely different person.  My solution for calming down involves removing myself from a bad situation, but in this case, being trapped on the same bus/car/plane/room/hotel/trolley/whateverthefuck meant I couldn't get away from the problem so I eventually had a panic attack for the first time in years.

We get back, she says she never wants to talk again, we bitch back and forth a few times through email a few times, done.

Well fuck.  Vacation ruined.

Oh, I should clarify, we weren't dating.  Heh, we were ""just friends"".  We never touched each other.

&lt;/story&gt;

The story above occured in 2009 (it is one of several similar stories).  It's been a year to the day, and I'm am still goddamn mad as hell.  I can't even put into words how fucking pissed I am about this.  I cannot fucking believe that someone would treat me so terribly and then later just walk the fuck away like I wasn't worth the trouble.  Furthermore, Susan has manipulated her schedule such that it's either Susan + friends or me + friends for hangouts.  Not that I would show up if she was there anyway.

This incident has unleashed a torrent of pent-up anger and regret and hate and bitterness that has been stewing inside me for years.

When I was a kid, I had a habit of getting the shit beat out of me.  Either at school or at home, someone usually had their first or hand against some part of me in anger.  People told me that they hated me, that I was a burden, that I was stupid, that I should kill myself, that nobody else on this planet would ever love me, or that I was ugly, or weak, or etc etc so on so forth.  I would get things stolen from me, I'd be singled out for ridicule, or wrongly blamed for some crime, or some other shitty thing would happen.  I dealt with it, though, because even when things were absolutely fucking miserable, I would think to myself ""man, when I'm an adult, things won't be so bad, I'll have money and a girl and things will be okay"".

I guess that feeling died in 2003 but I kept finding ""litle reasons"" to hold on.  Now in 2010, I am 25 years old, I go to the gym three times a week, I make almost 80k/year, I have no debt, and I am in good physical health, so shouldn't my life be working out okay?  I am so bitter and angry about how people have treated me that I just want to just get a shotgun and blow my brains all over the inside of my living room.  I cannot stop living in my past.  I still have nightmares about high school, nightmares about Susan, nightmares about women in general and generally feel like shit, all day everyday.  I am 25 years old and while I see people around me having fun and being happy and moving on with their lives I still stand there and think, wait a minute, what about me?  When does all the fun start for me?  Girls?  Hello?

When I go out and ""try"" to do something good for myself, I can tell in the way that people look at me, or the way I'm treated, that people just flat out do not like me.  I know this is because of my defensive nature.  I was taught to act that way by those useless asswipes from my early years.  I cannot break that feeling of ""oh god, this guy/girl is about to totally flip the fuck out and I'm going to be in so much trouble"" when I meet new people.

I'm seeing Susan again at a friend's wedding in about 36 hours.  She emailed me once to say she's ""sorry about what happened last year"" and ""hope you don't have any reservations about seeing [her] at the wedding"".  I am so anxious and pissed and upset I could barf until I turned inside out.  Twice.

UGH.  Wall of text.  Fuck everything."
"This is taking a surprising amount of effort to actually write out...

There seems to be a huge disparity between what I *know* to be true and what I *feel*.  I know I'm loved and I'm capable of doing almost anything, but I feel...I don't know...restricted I guess by obligations and expectations of who I should be.  It's not like I have some dream I'm keeping myself from doing.  I just don't know what to do, so I've been stagnant since graduating from high school.  I do the same things every day and I just don't see myself going anywhere or changing.  

I graduated about 2 years ago and I haven't really pursued a higher education at all.  I know that many people aren't aware of exactly what they want to do when enrolling in college or university, but...I just can't imagine having a career that makes me happy.  And this feeling isn't something that I didn't see coming.  I've been saying I'd be homeless since I was a child.  I used to say it as a joke, because I didn't know what I wanted to do, but now it seems oddly prophetic considering my current circumstances.  

Tomorrow my folks are kicking me out for what I've been told will be the final time (kicked out once before).  Quoting them will explain their feelings best: 

&gt;*""I'm not angry.  I'm just very very very disappointed in you, son.  You could do anything in the world, but all you really choose to do is nothing.  We're not going to enable you to do that anymore.  Get your stuff together because we want you out of the house by Saturday and we don't want you to contact us or call or anything until you have your shit together.  You need to get out of your little world and learn to face reality.""*  

There's not much I can add to that.  They're absolutely right.

It's funny, but I'm not actually worried about it at all.  I know that if I ever really want to leave I'm just a stab to the heart away.  For a long time I searched for a painless way to commit suicide, but I was never able to get ahold of the drugs I'd need and the other methods I considered could result in brain damage if my attempt failed.  I'm done over-thinking that aspect of suicide.  I can handle pain better than most people.  

Suicide isn't really what I want, though.  I'm not even sure if I know what I want.  I guess I want to feel alive.  I want to be able to let go of everything that I think I *should* do and do exactly what I *want* to do.  What do I want to do?  I don't know...I want to be able to say exactly what I feel.  I don't want to think of consequences or worry about other peoples' reactions.  **I just want to let go.**

I don't know where to begin now.  

I've been thinking about these lyrics while writing all of this out and I wanted to shoehorn them in somewhere.  I think they appropriately describe where I'm afraid my life is heading.  They're from Deerhunter's song Cryptograms.

&gt;*My greatest fear I fantasize*

&gt;*The days were long*

&gt;*The weeks flew by*

&gt;*Before I knew I was awake*

&gt;*My days were through*

&gt;*It was too late*

"
"This is going to be a bit disorganized and somewhat stream-of-consciousness.  Sorry.  I can't manage better right now.  I just woke up with a severe panic attack, heart rate at 200 bpm, feeling as if the last threads of my sanity would unravel and I would just completely snap and do who knows what.  I downed a bunch of alprazolam and am feeling slightly better.  I'm going to describe what I was feeling at the time - what I really feel deep down, what I consciously feel when I'm not numbing out with medication or by force of will:

I feel as if I were on the verge of becoming catatonic - as if I had only a very tiny amount of mental energy remaining to me, which if I stop exerting for the purpose of repulsing the encroachment of catatonia, I would become truly lifeless - nothing more than unthinking unfeeling awareness just staring blankly, eyes glazed over.  Metaphorically, in my youth I had an inferno burning within me, but now I have only a few faint embers about to be extinguished any minute.  In short, I am suffering from severe burn-out, unable able to muster the energy to do anything other than lie in bed or space out in front of the computer all day.

I need the love of another human being.  I crave it more than I have ever craved water or food.  To be embraced and made to feel safe and secure, to have a shoulder to cry on, would provide such a healing, cathartic warmth in my breast.  And, yet, that could never happen because I have no qualities that could induce another human being to love me (I do not say this in a self-pitying way):  I am stupid; I am ignorant; I am hideous; I am boring; I am a downer; I am not witty, funny, creative, or imaginative; etc...  And, anyways, it seems to me that human beings are simply not capable of loving one another in an enduring way; love and solidarity convert to the most bitterly rancorous feelings at the least offenses, though the relationship were founded on ever so many years of trust and mutual beneficence.  How could I enjoy a relationship with another person knowing that it would end eventually, either when the person should have learned of all my short-comings, or when I should have committed some trifling or serious error, or when a preferable piece of meat should have come along to replace me.

I would like to provide a brief history of my life abstracted in such a way that it treat of the perpetual loneliness I've felt and isolation I've actually experienced:  My parents were too preoccupied with their own problems, mostly marital, always screaming at one another, to pay any real attention to me at all.  My father was gone most of the time and when he was around I wasn't able to interact or speak with him because he did not wish it.  I remember speaking to him only a few times before the age of twelve.  He was physically abusive and abused me sexually once or twice.  My mother would take me to preschool a hour late every single day and the teacher would rebuke my brother and me in front of the class, indirectly influencing them to dislike us; so I was ostracized even that early in life.  Until third grade I never had anything like a friend, always being ridiculed and harassed by other kids, including my brother and his friends.  After school I was expected to go to a baby-sitter's house, a paraguayan who insisted that I remain in the basement watching television the entire time and whose children attempted to force me to have sex with the other kids on numerous occasions.  My brother would disappear to hang out with a number of kids in the neighborhood and made a point of excluding me because ""I wasn't funny"".  I later moved to a ghetto-like neighborhood, where I had something akin to a friend until six grade, whereupon we again moved, this time to live with yet another of my mother's many many boyfriends.  From 7th grade to 11th, I did not have a single friend.  I would wander around at lunch time because there were no tables that hadn't already been claimed by some clique or another and if I ventured to sit down at one I would be harassed until I left.  Because of bullying, abuse, depression and severe suicidality, I eventually dropped out of highschool at the age of 17 and have been a recluse ever since.  I am now 24 and have not even obtained a driver's license let alone a GED or anything of that nature.  In this time of total social isolation, my life has basically been a mild reprisal of the [Pit of Despair experiment](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pit_of_despair), in which I endured unknowable suffering.  The only thing that has kept me sane is talking to myself - using my imagination to pretend that someone were there with me, and creating the dialog between both interlocutors.  

I have attempted suicide more than eight or so times.  Thirsting for death, I would often place a gun against my head, but as soon as I'd placed it there my survival instinct would kick in and I'd find myself unable to go through with it.  Other attempts involved drug overdoses or an effort at exsanguination.  

I have seen many psychiatrists, therapists, and psychologists, and spent time in psyche wards which made me more suicidal.

I am currently seeing a male therapist, with whom I have fallen a bit in love, though he does not requite these feelings in the least of course (I am a gay male).  Lately, he has been showing me quite a bit of hostility and, so doing, is really just undermining my mental health far more than he is improving it.  Despite knowing that my self-esteem is nearly at rock bottom, he has been trying to submerge what small islands of self respect remain to me by implying that I am a hypocrite, that I have a lot of double standards, and that I'm generally a bad, immoral, selfish person - some of which may be true but I hardly see the value in telling me such things (his job isn't to make me a better person primarily, but a happier one, I should think).  He also defends my father a great deal, though I have related many accounts of abuse on his part.  It's really quite mystifying and upsetting.

I NEED the charity, love, and kindness of other human beings.  I need it or I am going to go insane.  I have made efforts to reach out to people in the past and it always ends badly or with insults.  It makes me feel so hopeless.  Is all of humanity like this or is it just people on the internet?  I want to believe that it is only by coincidence that I have encountered so many truly despicable, selfish, and cruel people in my life so far, but I really doubt it.

I have lost the ability to experience pleasure, having been without a libido of any kind for years now, or hope.  I feel as if my life were already over and that none of my ambitions, dreams, or desires could ever be realized.

Finally, I have the following mental disorders:  Depression, Social Phobia, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, C-PTSD, Body Dysmorphic Disorder, Avoidant Personality Disorder, and Dependent Personality Disorder.

I need to be euthanized.  "
"My Moral Suicide

**ACT 1**

Grew up in a nice Christian home. My family fit in that slot with the rest of our extended family. We even all lived on the same road. My mother and father were regular good ol' Christians.  Liquor and Power Rangers were evil. I was only allowed to watch Looney toons and evening news.

Family suppers at the same table.
Family vacations.
My dad built the house we lived in.
Church every Sunday.


This is where I developed my over developed sense of fear. As a kid, I was getting a sense of how all things end. At 11 I had a bad feeling that my parents were heading for divorce. So I went up and asked my dad,  even though the idea of it in our circle of family and friends seemed ridiculous.

“Dad, are you and mom ever going to divorce?” He laughed, hugged me and said “No, never. Your mother and I love each other.”

Year and a half later they divorced. 

**SONIC BOOOOOOOOM!!!!!**

Dad moved out. Mom kept the house. Got a shitty boyfriend. She became an alcoholic out of regret for her failed marriage. She just let it go when times got tough.

Anywho long nights she was gone, some nights wouldn’t come home. I lied in bed wide eyed scared as fuck, praying she didn’t kill herself. FEAR FEAR FEAR FEAR FEAR. She had committed moral suicide and this, i guess, is how my path was laid out.

She even rolled her new truck drunk one night. Morning I usually had to nurse her hangovers. Came home most nights just to find her drunk, glassy eyed. I wanted to kill her. She'd pick fights and it would always make me feel like shit. I told her I hated her on a number of occasions, and I think I really did. I’d destroy bottles of booze and leave messes of it on the kitchen floor to show her how pissed I was. She'd try and get us to hate our dad, who in reality, is a perfect person next to her. 


My two sisters and I lived in fear and hate. Man was it fantastic! /sarcasm


It continued to happen. And she drove drunk ALL THE FUCKING TIME. Holy shit this pisses me off just writing this and I’m listening to Owl City; try getting mad while listening to this music. Try it, seriously. 


Anyways: I kept strong! I really did. My faith in God and Christ grew and grew, I figured there would be a light at the end of this tunnel. I enrolled in Bible School because I figured I was going down a shitty path and God was an answer i was willing to try. I did this because my Dad was still an upstanding straight edged good man who actually FOUGHT for his marriage, so he inspired me. 


Bible school helped, I made great friends and yadda yadda yadda nothing changed with dear mother. But something did with me. A+


**ACT 2**

**INT. COLLEGE – MORNING**


Jack, 20, walks up to the COLLEGE DOORS for the first time; his smile broadcasting to the world “VIRGIN”. CAMERA PANS across the vast atrium and all the beautiful women.


**JACK**
(under breath)

Fuck yeah…


Jack is me, btw. **BOOM COLLEGE FAST FORWARD!!! HOLD THE FUCK ON!!!!** 


I changed a bit, everyone kind of liked me because I was unique to them, different. In college I’m that funny dude but I was constantly aware that this ‘bliss’ would end. That my youth would end and I would be replaced by a new crop of students. I’m so afraid of growing old. FEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAARRRRR.


Get my first girlfriend in the my first year. This was the time of exploring for me. She was even the first girl I kissed. For our relationship to progress, I had to shed layer after layer of my morality. The very thing I put my self worth in. I started to slowly commit moral suicide over a period of time until I lost my virginity to her. 


The first time I had sex I was so fucking drunk I barely remember it. Something I thought would have been special and something I was going to share with my wife flew out the window. And almost ever time after that having sex with her I was drunk. And it **fucked me up**


Then I did something I swore never to do. I drank and drank and drank and drank and drank then drank some more then puked then drank again. 


How to become an alcoholic:

1 part school stress

2 part destroy your very identity and self-respect with violence

1 revenge on your mother


Stir, then shake: PRESTO Jack is an alcoholic.


Im now done school, broke up with my girlfriend, feel useless, don't trust women, high sometimes, drunk every night, not giving a shit, lazy, out of work and i feel left behind; something I vowed never to become. I’m also fatter. 


You see, I understand that I've already killed myself. I am ash, a joke. There is nothing left. My foundation has been destroyed. I'm a jellyfish on hot sand as the tourists walk by and poke me with a stick.


I deal with my destruction by drinking and forgetting my failures and my fears. I'm 24 and I haven't hit a bottom yet. Sober nights (rare) I lie awake and I'm forced to ""think"" about what my life has become. I'm not even depressed. I'm confused. How did this happen? Im unable to take risk i'm so afraid of EVERYTHING. Why did it happen? WTF GOD?! I think about suicide and it makes me feel better, I know this is not healthy. Please help. 


Atheist responses welcome. All responses welcome. Even if your response is ""GO FUCK YOURSELF! HAVE YOU EVEN READ OTHER POSTS ON THIS REDDIT? YOU'RS IS PIDDLEY SHIT!!! GTFO""


I'll take it in stride, but I really do need help before I do something even more retarded


*ACT 3*

Dust

"
So I got a call about 7 pm that my broke mother was arrested for shoplifting food.  We bailed her out and the officer said she was baker acted for being suicidal.  She is being transfered involuntarily (and voluntary) to a psychiatric hospital.  I want to know what I need to do to keep her safe and deal with the criminal charges.  The only time I can get in touch with her is when she gets the opportunity to call.  
"According to my shrink pot/mdma brought my latent schizophrenia to the surface.

 I was a perfectly well adjusted 17 year old kid, lots of friends, did well in school, and knew what I wanted to do with my life. I started smoking pot all day daily for a couple of months and it triggered my latent schizophrenia. Within a period of 2-3 months I was a complete mess. I can no longer tell the difference between whats reality and what is happening in my head. Im now 22

 I see halo's, tracers, around objects, people that are not there, hear things like the TV playing when it's not even on. I can no longer function socially. I live completely alone. The state is currently paying for my medications, therapy, etc.

Most of the time I don't even know where I am or what day of the week it is. I am on lots of meds which make almost no difference. Zyprexia ambien cymbalta xanax depakote. I have tried what seems like dozens of others

It's been 5 years and this has not gotten any better. Maybe if I was always like this I wouldn't mind, but constantly all day i sit there and remember how things were. It's the comparison which kills me.

I miss what i had before. I cant handle this anymore.

Its been 5 fucking years. Its ok to end it if you have a physical dengerative disease is it not OK to end it if you have a mental one?"
"Last night, my friend's brother killed himself. I'm not really sure how but it was definitely intentional. 

He was struggling in school. Last night was our senior class' graduation ceremony and he was the only person not receiving a diploma. He was into drugs for a very long time and I believe he was suffering from depression. Kicked out of the house/issues with cops/being ""left behind"" by all of his graduated friends. 

All I know is that he is no longer with us and now nobody will be the same. His sister, one of my best friends, is changed forever. She can never look at her childhood the same way. His parents will think about him every day. He was a son. He was a cousin, nephew, grandson, friend. The pictures, all of their family memories mean nothing.

Suicide is one of the scummiest, selfish things that anyone can do. Nobody escapes it. The hurt sends shockwaves through families, schools, communities. And it is *never* going away. 

Please. PLEASE get help if you are struggling. Things like this should never happen.  "
"I'm 25, male, wondering why should I even bother living. I'm living with my parents, haven't had a job in three years, haven't had sex in four years. I have no friends, no degree, no skills, no money. What kills me is that I used to have a future! I mean, I never really had any friends or a girlfriend, but I was a fucking national merit scholar, had a free ride to university, and I blew it by getting depressed over some girl and skipping class. I tried the Navy, but they kicked me out because I lied--hid that I was bipolar. I've been homeless for months at a time, sleeping in my car and eating garbage for breakfast, too shy to apply for a job. I'm an only child and live in isolation, and my family's repulsed by me because I'm a ""downer."" The only thing that I ever liked to do was sing and play guitar, but it just makes me sad now. I've believed since I was 17 that I'd eventually commit suicide. The only question is how long I can postpone it--and why? 

EDIT: I know I'm whiny and selfish. I need some perspective please. A reminder of why I shouldn't do it. Thank you."
[removed]
"I'm an 18 year old about to graduate high school in just a few weeks. My entire life I've been socially stunted and in my own little naive straight edge world. It wasn't until 11th grade that I realized I needed to change, and at that point I fell into a deep depression because I realized I had wasted my high school years. I have no real friends, only acquaintances I see at school. I have no job, no car, and no driver's license, as I have no place to drive to. I have never had a girlfriend, had sex, or even kissed a girl. I have never been to a legitimate party or real social gathering among peers.

But wait, college could change that, right? Nope. I'm going to community college for at least two years with the dream of transferring somewhere else. I get to watch all my friends go on to real colleges while I'm stuck in High School 2.0 with no parties, friends, or people who want to make them. I'll also be living with my choice of A) alcoholic mother or B) verbally abusive father who only cares about his girlfriend and is ashamed of me, as much as I'm ashamed of myself.

I want to change. I've been slowly getting more social and personable over the last year. I think I'm a relatively nice looking guy (good hygiene, not overweight, etc) but I could improve. I want to get my driver's license and a job but there's still the problem of a car. I also want real friends, and maybe even a girlfriend. I just want to feel like someone cares about me.

I'm going to spend the next two years with abusive parents while attending a crap community college. My dream is to be a television writer (I've been writing science fiction/fantasy since I was 7 or 8 years old) but I don't know any realistic means of achieving that goal and it's a very tough industry. I don't want to work some boring 9-5 desk job. I start to wonder what use it is to continue on this meaningless path when I won't be able to achieve my dreams and don't have anyone else who cares.

Please help me out, Reddit. I want to change and I want to get my life on track."
I reached the end of the line
"For the past few weeks or so, I've barely had any suicidal thoughts.  My confidence has been increasing lately, as well.  Oddly, I think some of that was from participating more in discussions here on Reddit instead of just lurking.  Being able to express my opinions, hopefully in well, thought-out, comments, has helped.  I've also done a few things that have put me in the public spotlight (in the news) for positive things.

I'm not sure why I decided to visit SW today, the thought just occurred to me.  It sort of made me a bit uneasy, so I decided I wouldn't read any of the posts here.  It's not that they aren't worthy of being read, I simply don't feel I could read any of these without bringing back some of my feelings of depression or having suicidal thoughts again.  I'd like to push these aside and continue my progress to being a productive and healthy individual (but I wouldn't say I'm there yet, I'm not quite the person I want to be).  Since I did visit, I thought I'd write an update.

Thank you all for the previous help you've offered.  I still don't know what the future holds for me, especially with any financial hardships ahead.  At least in the meantime, I can slowly feel better about myself.  I'm not sure I'll respond to any comments, as I'm planning on logging out of this account after I submit it, since it is hard to visit this place again."
[removed]
"One day nothing will exist, why is that not now? 

Asphyxiation seems like a nice way to go. "
"I'm 25 years old and unemployed. I've been in college for close to seven years (4 in community, 2 1/2 in uni) and I'm still not finished with my B.A. (one unit short). My parents worked hard their whole lives and made many sacrifices to give me and my sibling a chance to succeed and I've given them nothing of value in return. I don't know if I can ever pay them back for all the love, patience, and support they've given me. I've been feeling depressed for a long time, but it's become my habit to repress it until it temporarily subsides, because I'm afraid that if I talk to someone, I'll be judged as an attention whore or a whiner. Considering what I have, I probably shouldn't be complaining at all. Also, I'm not really close with anyone except my family and I don't want to add to their problems. 

I know what I should be doing (which is get a job, lose weight, and graduate), but I find it so difficult to motivate myself that I end up feeling frustrated and making some lousy excuse to delay it. When I actually do make some progress, I start wavering at the first sign of trouble. My job interview was yesterday and they haven't called me back since. I know that it probably takes time, but the feelings of self-doubt have already started creeping in and now I've reverted to feeling like a loser especially after just talking to my mom on the phone and hearing how worried she is about me. Even with an almost-completed college degree, two years of writing experience, and a previously-held summer job in the same line of work, I still can't get a full-time entry-level position that you only need a high school diploma for. It's not even a job that I really want, but money is short and there are worse things to get paid for. I would love to become a creative writer for a video game developer or production company, but the furthest I've gotten is a four month internship that went nowhere. I've tried applying to other places since then, but no one has responded and I don't feel that I currently have the luxury of taking one on, because they don't normally pay.

I feel as if I'm getting nowhere in life and I'm just stuck at a standstill with no hope of recovering. I've thought about suicide a few times in the past. The intensity has varied, but I did get pretty close to the edge around Christmas. I don't know if I want to kill myself, but I don't wish to exist either. I just wish I could make things better and change, but I can't seem to stop myself from sabotaging my life or preventing it from going forward in a positive manner. I don't know what to do. I feel as if my family would be better off without me."
"First of all, I'm not an angry or particularly depressed person and I've never had issues in the past. As far I as remember I've never been abused. I have good, loving parents. I've had a relatively easy life. 

I don't know how to write about this, so I'll just go directly into it. I have abusive, cruel tendencies towards animals. But I actually love animals. I know that probably makes no sense, but I honestly do. For the most part, the thoughts only come when I've been lonely or sad for a long time. And then I think about how much my pet loves and trusts me, and what I could do to break that trust... I have acted on it before, although I did nothing extreme, nothing that left physical marks. I can't explain why I do this. I hate having these thoughts. I've been as strong as I possibly can be, but right now all I can think about is doing horrible things to my pet rat just to hear what sounds he'll make and see if I can get him to be terrified of me. 

I have had these thoughts about people too. I think the main reason why they mostly involve pets is because they are easy targets, sweet and vulnerable and endlessly forgiving, but hurting my parents or a human would have lasting consequences. I really want to get help, but I don't know how. I still live with my parents, and if I told them I wanted to see a councilor, they'd want to know why since they would be paying for it. Explaining this to them is out of the question. I just want to find someone to talk to before I do something stupid. 

EDIT: It's not that my parents wouldn't care or wouldn't try to help me. I just don't want to go through the inevitable emotional break down that would result in telling them. The idea of them knowing is beyond embarrassing... I'd just like to get through this without their presence. "
"I keep throwing away chances for the things I want out of cowardice.

I keep having these private episodes of absolute rage where I basically scream silently but uncontrollably and hyperventilate for ten to twenty minutes or so.  I was doing it so hard my lungs ached all yesterday.  I feel like I'm about to have a psychotic break or something.  I've been thinking about killing myself.  What keeps me from it is reminding myself over and over how much doing it would hurt the people that care about me (all five or six of them).

I can't talk to anyone.  I've always been shy but it just keeps getting worse and worse to the point where I can't even chit chat at work with people.  It's just a total brainlock about even the simplest things.  I basically don't look at or talk to anyone anymore unless it's absolutely necessary.

Relationships are out of the question.  I've was trying the okcupid thing but I keep running away from any chance I get.  The last one... she started a friendly conversation and we seemed to match really well.  She's smart, gutsy, and a truly good person.  We shared a lot of the same opinions about things.  Both liberal, both pro-feminist.  Then suddenly I just couldn't talk to her anymore.  I vanished with no explanation and didn't come back to okcupid for over a month.  Then I basically edited my profile and answered a test in such a way as to make me look like a bad person.  I don't know if I was just chasing her away or trying to hurt her for being nice to trash like me.  In any case, whether she saw any of that or not, she quit okcupid, deleted her account totally.

I'd like to apologize but I have no idea of how to contact her.  But I probably shouldn't bother her anymore.

I say I'm liberal and support charity and feminism but I lack the courage of my convictions.  I too quiet to actually speak up about anything and, as most charity involves interacting with people, I shy away.  I did volunteer to do Habitat for Humanity with my dad.  We'll see if I actually go through with it.

I want to be a writer (you'll forgive the disjointed nature of this, I'm sure) but I don't have the guts to publish anything even if I did have the discipline to finish anything.  A zillion started projects, two finished.  Two, after doing it for over ten years.

I don't know what to do with myself anymore.  I want to go to college, I want to get published, I want to get a life but I never do anything significant.  Just the endless lull of my deadend job and an empty house to come back to at night.  I'm so fucking lonely I can't take it.  But Darfur war orphans and beaten housewives, right?  Suck it up, spoiled american male.  You don't even know the meaning of pain, you whiny prick.

So..."
"I posted on here a while ago, from another anonymous account, I can't remember the password anymore and it doesn't really matter. I just don't know how to cope anymore right now, I wish I could just end the whole situation that is my life. I feel like I've just screwed everything up beyond being able to fix it and I just can't fix it. My only reason for not killing myself is because I know it would just hurt people even more.

I'm really close to my mum and I love her a lot, but since a few months ago when she had a fall out with my boyfriend and there's been a rift between them, she feels I'm growing away from her because I don't talk about him much anymore. Something he said really hurt her, he didn't mean it to, but it did and he can't see what he did wrong and thinks he's in the right. I know my mum's really hurting and day to day things are ok, but I know it's not really ok. She's in a really bad marriage which she is only staying in so she can afford to take care of her kids and I feel like such a bad person for being the reason she's still trapped in this marriage. I'm living at home for a year now and going to university next year, we live in the middle of nowhere and neither of us have any friends here (expat community is dying out and the locals hate us), and I'm going to be leaving her on her own and she's so unhappy. I can't not go, my grades at school were brilliant and I have no semblance of a life or way of supporting myself and she would be even more unhappy if I stayed, it seems that whatever I do I end up hurting her.

I'm in a long distance relationship with a guy I love but who takes me for granted and we've taken to fighting such a lot lately, and it's always me who's hurting and always me who ends up having to apologize. We're meant to be going on a really expensive holiday in the summer together, I booked flights yesterday. My mum is not impressed because she doesn't think it's a good use of my savings. I told him how I was feeling stressed about organizing stuff and the money it was costing, then he got a phone call from his mum (who hates me) who lost it about him going anywhere with me and he announced that we should just cancel the whole thing and that I should go away he doesn't want anything to do with me. He hasn't spoken to me since. At first I didn't want to go on this trip, and then I said yes because of how much the place we're going means to him. You have no idea how much I regret that. Why couldn't I just had said no? He'd have gotten over his disappointment, now I've booked flights (using my mum's credit card and cutting into her monthly limit, I paid her back, but she doesn't have access to the money off the card because of financial laws here and she has school fees and a trip to see my grandparents to pay for) and I don't know if he was just angry and we're going or if I'm going to have to explain canceling them to my mum. And she's going to be so mad at me if I cancel, wasting her time and my money like that. I have no idea if I have a refund. And besides, she already thinks he's ungrateful for me and that I should leave him. If she sees him putting me through this and me letting him she's going to be so mad. And I feel like I should just break up with him to try and make things better with my mum and to stop all this fighting, but I love him so much and outside of my family he's the only friend I have. I can't imagine life without him. And I'm scared. We had a breakup a year ago and I spent 6 months in a permanent state of depression. I know I'm weak and pathetic but I need him. There is nothing about me worth being, I can't seem to make or keep friends. I hurt people all the time and the one thing I have is this guy, and I just can't bear the idea of not having him.

I just want to wake up and be someone else, because I hate this person that I am. I have been bullied and unhappy for most of my life, and it's my own fault, because I don't fit in and I'm not a better person. And I just hate being this person and I don't want to keep going. I just don't.

Edit: Also, I know this sounds stupid but I'm having quite a hard time dealing with the loss of my head of sixth form (last two years of school) and my dog. I've been out of school for a year now, I've visited a few times, but he has now moved on to a different school and while I have his email, he's pretty busy and I don't feel it's fair to continue to expect him to be there to support me. During school this man was a father to everyone in the sixth form, he was always there for you to listen your problems and was always willing to try and help. My father doesn't really seem to give a damn about anything but his hobby, and barely ever talks to me, so I feel like I really have lost my father. It's hard to know he's just not there to go to anymore. My dog died suddenly of a twisted stomach in March, she was old, but she was still going strong and she was part of the family, I know she couldn't fix how I feel, but I miss her so much."
"Hey everyone, I guess it's never a happy occasion to post here.  This is a throwaway account and I have tried my best to disguise my writing style because I'd rather not have certain people seeing this.

About me: I'm in my mid 20s and I have a semi-good career.

Problem: For whatever reason, for my entire life I have never been happy by myself, basically I always needed a woman in my life somehow to be happy.  When I was growing up, my mother was my best friend (as lame as that sounds).  

When I turned 14 I met a girl and within a few months we fell in ""love"" (we were 14, we had no idea what that meant).  This girl was really a great person, but she was also in the top 1% of her class all, and she made sure I knew that she was better than me.  I figured I wasn't the one for her, and moved on.

In 2003 my brother killed himself.  We don't know what happened, and I personally don't want to.  I know it had something to do with his girlfriend breaking up with him (or at least that is what happened the day he did it).  Needless to say, there were problems.  My parents ended up getting divorced.

I few months after my brother died I met another girl, and things went well for 2 years.  Eventually I proposed to her (at the start of my senior year of college), and I thought everything would turn out well.  A few months before our wedding she broke up with me, because she claimed she met her ""soul mate"" on Yahoo Chat (yes, fucking yahoo chat).  This was early 2008 (the worst year of my life).

Summer 2008 I tried (unsuccessfully) to kill myself.  Basically I made the ""mistake"" of calling someone to say my final goodbye and he rushed over and tried to stop me.  This wasn't a call for help attempt or anything, because I woke up that morning I was 100% sure I would be dead by sundown.  I got help, tried to keep going, and moved on.  The rest of the year still sucked but I got through it.

Summer 2009 I met a girl, and everything seemed to be going great.  She eventually moved in with me and I had felt like I had finally found the right person.  Everything seemed great between us for months, we had some rough times, but we helped each other through it.  Then one day (about a month ago) she decides that we're ""missing something"" and she moves out.

So here I am again, alone and a failure.  I don't want to hurt myself, but I am afraid of how calmly I have been considering it.  In 2008 I was in a full rage during my attempt, but this time I am actually calmly thinking through how I am going to do it.  All the thoughts that keep going through my head are ""this will keep happening"" and ""I am just meant to be alone"".  Many of my friends are now married and having kids and here I am by myself.

I know it's rather cliche to want to kill yourself over lost love, but it's so much more than that for me.  All of this just represents my failing as a human being.  I just feel like this will continue to happen for my entire life, and I will always be in this cycle of being extremely happy and extremely hurt.  I'd rather be underground than feel that way again.

Anyone have any suggestions for things to take my mind off this or calm my down?  Music has always been a therapy of mine (I did almost major in musical theory in Uni).  I've been trying to avoid the depressing stuff, because I just makes me feel worse.  For some reason Hayley Williams's (of Paramore) voice has always had a calming affect on me, does anyone know of anything else that could help?

Honestly, I want to live (I think), I just don't know how long I can keep going like this."
"I guess I am lucky because I live in a rich part of California. There are lamborghinis, ferraris every so often, tons of BMW's (that's the staple), mercedes, etc.

But today, I walked out of my engineering class and into an orgastic group of people. Every person was beautiful. They were all dancing to music in their bikinis, their barefeet, bopping their shoulders, shaking their wangs, whatever. There were probably 1000 people in this crowd. I looked around and fucking all of them, all primped clean, those gaudy sunglasses, amazing golden tans, six pack abs, badass tatoos, everything. I was thinking, how many permutations of an attractive face can their be! At least one could be goofy looking or something, and I realized how goofy I must look walking through their gay parade, goddamn textbook under my arm, wearing sneakers, you know.

Anyways, those people just exuded sex from their pores. Curly blonde hair, perfect faces, i'm sort of getting nauseous. I don't know, just made me feel like shit. 'Course people say ""what's physical beauty, blah blah"". No, truth is your physical goddamn body determines a lot, a megafuckton. It's how people receive you. Maybe you're a unique character, but you're also the side-show extra, you have 2 lines in their script.

Well, I don't know, I know not everyone is beautiful, probably not even most. Just wondering, how the fuck do you block this out of your head? And if you think it's easy, I'd venture to guess you haven't lived in this part of lucky California.  "
"I haven't been feeling well recently. I started thinking and realized that nothing is the way I want it to be. I hoped that moving to a bigger city and attending university would make things better but it hasn't. It made it worse in many ways.  
At least back home I could tell myself I didn't fit in and that that is the reason for all my problems. And it's because of that I didn't have any friends. But now here, I feel as or even more isolated than I ever been.  
I began watching some people in the adjacent building. Their windows is always lit and there's no curtains. And I see a bunch of people around my age living together. They always have friends over. They're always doing something. And I realized that no matter how much I want it, I'll never be like them. The very fact that I'm outside watching confirms that. They didn't have to go through being so alone that they were feeling sort of happy when it was time to go outside to the store to buy milk. They don't know what's it like to be somewhere and feel like shit because you're there alone.  
It's not like I didn't try to socialize here. I have, but to no avail. At the most, I'd go out a few times with someone and that would be it. I'd always stay just an acquaintace. There's nothing I can offer those people anyway, they already have their social circles and cliques. Or maybe I am just such a bland person. There's nothing that really interests me, but I try my best to keep up. I try to fake being just like them. Guess it's not working.  
This is getting too long now. Since the semester is over, I could just go back home and accept a life of loneliness and isolation. I'd maybe work in my dad's shop, and the rest of the time I'd spend online. It's probably for the best, I am not so good at uni anyway. And I'm lonely here too.  
But I don't really want to go back. I don't really want to do anything. I just really want to die. I am a complete failure. Both socially and academically, I fail at everything I try to do. It's time to just end everything and admit defeat.  
I tried to change many times. I tried everything there is to try. I failed every time. And now it's too late."
"“The thought of suicide is a powerful solace: by means of it one gets through many a bad night.”
- Friedrich Nietzsche


I really identify with this quote. I thought my mom was the only one who would really care if I killed myself, and everyone else would get over it pretty quickly. Whenever things got bad in my life, I always thought “I only have to hold out another 20 or so years, then when my mom dies I can kill myself and none of this will matter anymore.” But last night I found out that my best friend / ex-girlfriend cares about me a lot more than I thought she did. She said that I am her best friend and she would never get over it if I killed myself, and it made her cry and ruined her night just to find out that I was ever even thinking about it. My mom is old, so she would die in only around 15-20 years or so on average statistically. But my friend is young, and since she is a woman and also one year younger than I am, she is statistically very likely to outlive me. This effectively means that I can never commit suicide, because my friend would be devastated. 

I don’t know how to cope with this. It sounds ridiculous, but I almost liked the idea that nobody was that attached to me because it meant that there was a simple solution to all of my pain and all of my issues, and I would be free to use it as soon as my mom died and nobody cared about me anymore. Now if I were to try to use that method, it would be a horribly selfish and unjust thing to do to my friend. It’s suddenly off the table forever. But my problems and my irreconcilable feelings of loneliness and self loathing remain. Nothing I ever do solves them, and I still think most people dislike me. I still think I’m a failure at almost everything I’ve done. I’m not young anymore, and I think it’s too late for me to change. And even if it weren’t too late for me to change, I’m not sure that I want to change. I want everybody else to change to accept me for who I am, I don’t want to mold myself to their whims. I am exhausted and humiliated. I just can’t handle it right now, but the thought of Nietzsche’s brand of “solace” has been taken away from me. I don’t know how to react to this. I am grateful, but feel irrationally deprived at the same time. I don’t know what to do. What other solace is there for someone like me?"
"Sometimes I just get so miserable and upset, I just think it would be easier to just kill myself than struggle through life feeling like this.

Othertimes I'm happy and motivated, and feel like I am doing something. Most of the time I just kind of don't feel anything and am bored and tired and feel meh. I've been trying to fix this by trying to get more hobbies and exercising and going out more but it's not really helping. I don't have many friends, only a couple close ones. I'm super socially akward because of my anxiety about everything so its difficult meeting new people and getting more friends. I hate myself because I'm like this. I try to improve it, but I just find it so hard. 

I'm already on anti-depressants/anti-axiety medicine (cipralex 10mg) but I don't think it's been helping me.  I hate that I feel so uncomfortable around people. And when I'm out I try now to dwell on it and have a good time, but when I get home it's all I can think about. I'm going to college soon, and none of my friends are going to the same place. I'm really worried about it and don't really want to go through it. But I'm already behind a couple years because of previous health problems that cause me to lose most of my friends and become the way I am right now. If I don't go I know my parents will look at me like I'm a failure. 

Recently I've been used by this girl too. I kind of what to tell her how I really feel about all her bullshit. She's crazy and emotional and gets upset over everything. But I work with this person, and telling her off would make work less enjoyable for me. Also I would definitely lose this person from my life, and I still like her and even though I don't want to torture myself by remaining friends I don't have many friends and don't want to lose another one...

I wake up sick feeling miserable with my life every morning, most times I can barely eat.

I'm going to make another appointment with my doctor tomorrow.

I love my family, and my closest friends a lot, and I know they love me.. but I just don't want to live anymore feeling like this..."
"Hi, I just wanted to give an update on my situation. I don't feel so bad right now... I only have two months left on my unemployment insurance, for sure it cause me some stress but at least I took a few steps and they're starting to give concrete results (I hope so). I called at a place dealing with toxicomany and homelessness and I asked if they were hiring nightwatchman. Then, they told me to come to see them right away on the next morning and I got an interview with the manager. It seemed encouraging, he told me he will need employees soon, at least for the summer and maybe for an even longer period. I got an appointment at another similar place too. Then, there's also a chance that I could get Prior Learning Assessment Recognition, I asked for a recommandation letter at the suicide hotline center, where I worked for two years as a volonteer. I had 180 hours of accumulated volunteering, so I hope it will be enough to get throught the PLAR process, they told me that in case I don't have enough knowledge, they will ask me to do some homeworks to complete my curricular and then, I'll be able to receive a diploma. Let's see how things will be going in September... Finally, I don't feel so depressed, I feel like I will at least have some fun in the future."
"I really don't have any advice. I just wanted to say what I felt. It has been a year and though I don't think about him everyday, I occasionally take out his sweater, look at pictures. Today for some reason feels like an especially hard day. Maybe because I'm so stressed. 

I loved him so very much and so deeply. He meant a lot to me and I don't think I'll get over losing him. I miss him. After it happened I thought about him everyday.  Its hard to realize that yes I did love a boy who committed suicide. And I'll always love him. This is tragedy in its best form. But would I ever change my feelings for him knowing what the outcome would be? No. I have loved him more than I did any other. And I wouldn't take that back. Not for anything. 

So here I am. Learning to be happy. And its still hard but its getting better. I like to sit and just take in every feeling and every memory. It makes me sad. But also I am reminded of what a great person he was. And how very lucky I was that he loved me too. "
"It matters not how strait the gate,
How charged with punishments the scroll,
I am the master of my fate:
I am the captain of my soul."
"Don't really know why I'm posting here, just venting really.
Since I was quite young I've always had the feeling that I would end up ending my own life at one point in life. About 14 years and a chronic, undiagnosed physical illness later I feel like that point is quite rapidly approaching. I do not say this lightly, I generally consider myself to be quite logical and rational.

I ended up quitting ""highschool"" (the european equivalent from age 12 to 18) because of my illness, I can not sustain a job for more than 2-3 months either. The illness is temperature related and produces a significant amount of pain and discomfort on a daily basis. The ruins this illness has left my life in combined with this pain and discomfort on a daily basis have left me feeling quite .. hopeless.

It's not something I'm planning to do immediately, I don't have a date set or anything. I have decided on the method though.

Ah well..




"
"I can't get it out of my head. This is the closest I've come and I have no one to talk to about it. You guys seem to offer genuine advice and support. I need you right now, I have no one else to turn to. I've dealt with depression since high school and now that I'm 20 it is worse then it has ever been. I take Zoloft 100 mg and I take Adderall XR 20 mg. The Zoloft numbs my emotions but it drains me of motivation which the Adderall should take care of. These used to be pretty effective but not anymore. I can't see a future right now. I hate everything about myself right now. I failed out of community college, I am probably going to quit my job in the morning because I don't want to have to wake up tomorrow and deal with people when I'm so close to the edge, and the boy I have been seeing told me he is still in love with his ex and is going to get back with her. These sound like such cliche problems and I know time heals all wounds but I don't know if I will be able to make it and I see no possible light at the end of the tunnel. I have no hobbies, I have no true friends. Can you please help me ease my inner turmoil? My mind is constantly running and I have been crying for hours. This is it, I need help. I really have no one else to talk to.


  **Update:** Wow, thank you for the amazing advice. I have started on the path towards happiness and a fulfilling life. And your comments and support have given me hope and closure. I'm going to stop the meds. I talked it over with my doctor and I will start weening off the Zoloft. I plan on starting a fitness regime and eating a balanced diet. I took an extended break from work and the boss was really cool about it, he was mostly upset that I didn't tell him sooner (I was already on the schedule for the week). Every once in awhile I have these kind of bouts of panic and I just go into crisis mode, but I believe the support that you have given me and hopefully continue to give me, will break this cycle. I told my mother everything. I'm lucky to have really supportive and cool parents. She understands and since she is a workout/health freak she will set me up with a gym pass or yoga class. 
And as for my social life I have begun connecting with old friends. Making plans to hang out this summer and just catching up. As for the boy, my only regret is that he still has my goddamn RayBans. :)
Thank you everyone!"
"unfortunately, this isn't my first time here. i've suffered from depression for quite some time, for really as long as i can remember, but this is different. i can't sleep. haven't slept in 3 days i feel exhausted, feel like i need to sleep, can't sleep. i've been trying to work through it, but i don't know if i really want to this time. im no stranger to misery, and i'm no stranger to wanting to give up. but i've never had any motivation to make my life better than it is. im still dealing with the same shit i've always dealt with, i've only been able to understand it better - i've been able to verbalize it, i've been able to play mind games with it, but i don't feel like i've progressed at all as far as fixing it and feeling like i live a life that's worth living, and i feel like i've been making excuses for not taking responsibility for my life and getting the help that i need to get it better. i feel like i haven't accepted that responsibility because my depression and anxiety, as debilitating as it is, is comfortable in comparison to going out tomorrow and sitting down with someone and saying that i need help. and i've rationalized and i know that the help will make my life better in the long run, but i can't fucking do it. and i'm sick of reaching out for help like this and reaching out for help to friends just until i go through whatever i'm going through, and i know that fucking around and feeling sorry for myself and trying to make other people feel sorry for me solves nothing. 

so i can't sleep. i've been exercising and meditating and eating well when i can, i'm on absolutely no drugs, but i'm hallucinating and i can't sleep and i have no idea how someone can feel so much like death but not be able to be unconscious. last time i checked for hypothyroidism and i really wished it was just hormones and that i could take a hormone replacement and feel better, because i'm too exhausted for therapy. i just want to take baby steps here and be able to sleep. that would be a good start. right now i feel as i imagine mild schizophrenia feels, i feel as if there is some separation between my identity, my body, and the world around me, it's a constant feeling of the last leg of a long road trip where there is this underwater medium that everything travels through before it reaches me, where i feel like i perceive things a couple seconds after they happen,thats it"
"I am 15 years old. I have been battling depression for about 3 years now. For the first two years I really just dealt with it. I didn't quite understand it, I thought I was just normal. Recently I decided it was time to get rid of this. I started seeing a therapist and taking medication (Prozac). The Prozac has really started to help. I finally felt like I was normal. Yesterday, I got caught with some weed by the cops. I really didn't know what to do in that situation so I basically got tricked into getting searched. The whole time I was lied to and treated like shit. A 15 year old kid with less than a gram of weed on him, searched and then handcuffed in the middle of a crowded park and being treated like filth. I was more hurt by how I was treated then the consequences (I'm a minor so they aren't too bad, community service, drug therapy, etc.). Now I know you're saying to yourselves, ""He is being dramatic, this is a stupid reason to commit suicide."" This was just the final straw. Summer finally arrives, and right when I think everything is going to finally be better for me, this happens. I know, shit happens, but I'm so tired of it. I have trouble coping. I'm just so worn out...I'm so tired. "
"I have been having suicidal thoughts for a long time now, years probably. They come in spates, between which things are fine. Except that it's not happening like that anymore. In the last few weeks my ""down"" moments have been growing increasingly frequent, until the point where it has turned into a permanent state.

I constantly think about ending my life; walking the dog I wonder about running into the road in front of a car. Closing the windows in my flat I think about letting myself fall out of them. I recently read a book about a serial killer, he stabs a woman in the heart to stop her screaming. I can't stop thinking of the release that would come with that, just knowing that it was over, everything was out of my hands.

I try to keep a brave face on for my family, but whenever I'm on my own, I feel awful. I cannot stand myself. There is nothing about the person that I am that makes me want to continue being me. I don't know what I want to do with my life. I took the wrong subjects in high school. I failed to get into college the first time I tried. I got in the second time, but not for a subject I'm passionate about. I haven't even got my driving license at the age of 21. I have no friends. Even online I seem to be capable of ending conversations as soon as I join them. I am obsessed with how I look, I don't know if this counts as vanity, as I have no positive feelings about my own appearance. I feel repulsive, I live in a very image focused city, and I do not meet the standards of beauty required. I have been dieting and exercising to try and lose weight, but having reached my ideal weight I still find myself disgusting. I am not a person who I would want to know. I have always tried to be nice to people, it's resulted in me getting used, a lot. I don't really have any hobbies, I was quite academic at school, but I don't find I have anything interesting to say to people. They obviously feel the same way.

I love my family a lot, I don't want to hurt them. Right now my main reason for staying alive is that I don't want to cause them any more hurt.

I feel like a waste of space. I don't want to be this person who drives people away like this. I've been told that being different is special, it's what makes me me. I don't want to be special. I don't want to be different. I just want to fit in. I am sick of the person I am."
"First off and foremost, this is a throwaway account. And I figured you guys would be better to talk to about this than askreddit, for this is what you guys deal with everyday.

I just got off the phone with my sister, and she informed me that my brother is in the hospital. His wife found him unconscious in his house, and called 911. He took a lot of alcohol with a lot of different anti-depressant pills. He's been going through depression recently due to a lack of job, no place hiring him, and the loss of our dad. He's 5 hours away and I can't take off work, so I can't see him.

I don't know what to do. I've lost 5 close people in the past 6 months. I don't think I can lose another. Dear God... I would go completely numb (I'm already there). This would devastate my mom, she would take it harder than any of us. She always told all of us that she couldn't live with herself if she lost a kid before she died.

I just... I don't know what to do reddit. I have a bad feeling...

If you need anymore info, just ask away. I'll be here pretty much all night."
[removed]
"A year ago, I took a job that I could have easily gotten out of if I wanted to in February. I wanted to get out of the city since I knew I was gonna get laid off and there was nothing for me there.. I recently had broken up with my girlfriend and I swore to myself that I would stay single until I got settled with a new job. 

I was physically training and I was big into getting in shape... My buddies girlfriend called me and told me she was throwing a surprise birthday party for him. I didn't wanna go, I wanted to go swim, but he was my friend for a few years so even though I didn't wanna go, I went anyway. But I saw this girl that was just magnificent.. She was way outta my league.. Through high school I was always called fat and ugly so I didn't think I had a chance with this girl... She was beautiful... I wasn't scheduled to leave until september and It was March so I figured, why not try it. I told my pal and he set us up on a triple date. We hit it off... She wanted to make sure I wasnt just gonna play with her, so she made me do little challenges... Idk why I did them, but she seemed worth it. I had this feeling. She made me set up a Christmas tree as one of the challenges... told me how much the tree looked like crap... but she laughed the whole time and I still thought she was beautiful. 

I finished the tree and sat down next to her... we talked for about... 8 hours that night.. We started dating. One day I told her about my job and that I had to leave for it. However, family was still in the city so i'd be back and I wasnt leaving for September, but if she wanted me to stay I would. She told me she was perfectly fine with it... until a week later. She broke up with me... cried on the phone and broke up with me... but next time I saw her she acted like we were still together. I called my job and asked if I could leave as soon as possible. I didn't wanna be at home anymore so he moved it up to June. I was getting ready to leave.. and I told her and she cried more.. I left.. and after going on and off and back on with the relationship, September rolled around. She ignored me until I asked if she was still alive.. She proceded to tell me she had met someone else. 

This broke my heart... the girl I wanted to be with, the girl I offered to give up with job for, cheated on me... I picked up smoking during the time and was sitting out smoking in december with a few friends when I got a text message from her. A really long message about how she loved me, she didn't ever wanna hurt me... all this stuff.. I bought it and called her. 

We never slept together the whole time. I didn't want things to get complicated and I never pushed for it. If this is the girl I was meant to be with, I'd do it.... 

I was at work one time and I was outside smoking... (Where I work overlooks the ocean) and one of our cooks came and realized what I was thinking... she looked at me and just said ""are you gonna do it?"" ""Thinkin about it... too many people that would be sad though... I couldn't hurt anyone like that, so I can't do it.."" ""you wouldn't know how anyone felt, you'd be gone"" ""well I dont wanna see my mom where i'd be going because she couldnt handle me goin away forever... so I just can't bring myself to jumping"". 

I recently started talking to her to find out last week she had a one night stand... and this guy took her virginity... I never knew she was a virgin.. she forgot to tell me that part when we started dating and the year months and months we were together. This guy was more important to her than I ever was.. but now hes fucked up and shes coming back to me.. I cant listen to songs because it reminds me of her or see pictures or anything because it just brings me to seeing her face... she wants me to be her friend and I just cant do it...

I had so much planned for my future... I'm only 19.. and I tell myself everyday.. ""Your just a kid... things will get better... you cant even drink yet and you'll meet more people as you get older and have a family and do what you really wanna do..."" and im good for a few hours... til I start missing my family, my friends, and her. I just wanna go home but I cant. I'm up to my neck in debt caused by stupidity and I'm too young to hang out with friends from work. I'm lonely...

I'm not gonna hurt myself... Like I said I couldnt bring myself to it... but I dont wanna keep waking up depressed every morning.. I wish life was just more simple... I just wanna wake up and it be 5 years later. I just took a test and it says I'm pretty damn depressed. I know I need to go see a shrink and I realize im depressed... I dont need someone to tell me.. I hide it good enough in front of everyone else that they think im always happy... they always say, ""idk why your always so damn hyper... your always in a great mood for some reason.."" and really inside i'm torn up... Although people know I have a low self confidence level... I dont trust anyone and its hard for me to believe there is anyone out there and I just believe the kids from High School that said I was ugly... I know im not fat anymore though. Alot of people say im not, that im cute... but then why cant I build up the courage to meet new people... I dont even know how to going about that... do you guys have any tips or advice? please help me.."
"If they were not here, I would not be either. When I was 8 I tried to hang myself. I wrapped a wire around my neck and tied it to the light in my room and stepped off my bed. My weight broke both the light and the wire. The noise attracted my mom who found me lying the in middle of my room, wire around my neck, surrounded by shards of glass. She held me and cried.


I'm here now because of them. I'm here because I know it would destroy them to bury me.


I'm simply waiting for the right time to overdose. Been waiting for years."
"I just failed a very important test. The most important one this year. And I even studied for it. I honestly tried.

Who the hell am I kidding? I'm not good at all this. I'm not good at anything. I'm not even good at giving up and going home, and I know that I'll continue to torture myself here studying for less important classes so that I still get enough credit to pass the year.

So I'm going to kill myself today. It's just over. This was my last chance and I blew it.

I don't want to spend my life always being not good enough.
"
"The last few months have been extremely rough for me. My wife left me with the house and all the bills, and I ended up losing most of it. I found comfort in the thought of suicide. Luckily, things have changed for the better. My wife and I are NOT getting back together, and I've realized that I don't want to get back with her. I did for a while, but we are just different people now. When I was having bad days, feeling worse than the broken condom that brought me into this world, I would come into reddit and read some of the things people said in postings here regarding my situation. I've come to realize that, even though I will most likely never meet any of you face to face, you guys saved my life. I would just re-read the comments, and for whatever reason, I felt like everything was going to be ok. 

So, heres to you SW! I realize that my ordeal is far from over, but I wanted to take a moment and extend a very sincere thank you. Cheers!"
[removed]
"This morning, I fell down the deepest, darkest hole I could never imagine. My brain usually does a very good job of suppressing most, if not all, emotions, and keeping me from realizing everything that I don't have. It took me an hour and a half just to make myself get out of bed.

A little back story: According to my parents, I suffered long term abuse by a trusted baby sitter (not sexual, just physical) when I was a child. I can't even remember anything from my childhood, save for a few fleeting memories (more like a quickly fading image rather than a memory). I fear I have no real personality.  For the longest time, I've gotten by merely imitating those around me. When I'm alone, all I do is occupy my time as best as possible to waste the hours until my ""friends"" are around again.

I say ""friends"" because this morning, I realized that I'm more like a tool to them, being used for my physical possessions and such. My family has been marginalized almost to ""facebook friends"", seeing them a few times a year, which usually consists of us going out to eat and discussing shallow topics until I return home. I've never opened up to anyone. My brain will not allow it. Right now, as I type this, I feel as though my brain is standing behind me shouting ""TOUGHEN UP PUSSY."" This post will probably be the closest thing to opening up I'll ever do.

I drink heavily. By this, I don't mean I drink often. Almost every time I do drink, I overdo it to the point of blackouts.The only time I feel a part of my group of friends is when I drink. When I don't, I usually just sit in a corner, producing a fake chuckle every now and then when I think appropriate. When I drink, my brain shuts off and allows me to ""open up"", which usually is just me being rambunctious and making a fool of myself.

So as of now, I have one actual friend from my childhood, a fleeting group of acquaintances that usually only lasts for a year or two, and a distant family. I've never had a real relationship with a woman. This probably stems from my weak ability to feel emotions, my crippling shyness, and my inability to open up. I was also isolated from grade 4-9 because my parents became paranoid after the school shootings, so they decided to home school me. This probably has something to do with it as well. As far as I can tell, I guess I'm not a physically attractive person. I've never been complimented by anyone that was not related to me, save for the few ""you're tall..."" comments. I've never seen ""the look"" from anyone. I've exercised for the past 5 years, hoping it would help, but of course it did not. I lost 70lbs then put back on 30lbs of muscle, and nothing changed at all.

I'm an atheist, and my take on the ""meaning of life"" is just the continuation of the species, which will happen with or without my existence. In fact, it will most likely be beneficial for my genes to not be passed on. I feel like my brain is a busted unit.

My plan as of now is, as many others have posted, to wait until my parents pass on, then end it all. The only person left to be hurt by my passing would be my one true friend, who has the biggest support network of close friends you could imagine, and could get through it with ease.

And now I've posted my long, insane ramblings to complete strangers on the internet. Awesome..."
"Although I used to somewhat happy ( I've been depressed since High School, but I kept it at bay ), I don't think I can be happy anymore. No matter how hard I try, happiness just seems fake to me. I really do try to have fun, take an interest in things I used to really enjoy, but I can't. I just don't care.

It got really bad when my mother died two years ago. She was the only one i could talk to and who understood me. After that, there have been friends, but none as close as my mom. I have a second family, not related by blood, and they try to help, which I am grateful for, but I still always feel depressed. I can't run to them everytime I feel anxious or depressed because they have their own problems to deal with. 

Nothing works anymore. I worked out and started getting fit, and I just stopped. Used to be a party animal, hangouts all the time, but now I hate going out. I'd rather just stuff myself in my room. Music doesn't even really help. The only thing that makes me feel better is smoking weed, and I even feel bad for THAT. I don't have any close friends aside from one, and I can't even open up to her. Everytime I talk to her, its pretty much about how good her life is, the people she's dating, school and all the wacky fun times she had the last weekend, and all I can think is 'Saturday I smoked and sat in bed all day.' I'm thankful for our friendship, but its going to end soon anyway. Every relationship I start to have that's actually beneficial to my well-being seems to be taken away from me (either we grow apart, they move, whatever ). I've never had a constant in my life. I want a home. I want to be loved. I want TO love, but at this point, its a longshot.  

I graduated from college last Friday, but even then the smiles I was forced to give for pictures were fake. The party I was forced to go to was okay, but I didn't see the point. I mean, what am I graduating for? I'm going to be 22, no job, no real talent, can't drive, not very educated, I've never been in a relationship or kissed or even had attention paid to me and I don't ever see it happening, in massive debt, no self-esteem or confidence, I have a condition called NF1 which can't be dealt with, nothing is attractive about me physically, I'm may be easy to get along with, but I can't open up, so people don't bother really getting to know me. In my friends group, I am always the overlooked one. They say 'be the friend that you want to have' but realistically, that never works and only brings unfullfilment and pain. I've dealt with so much, most people would probably think my life thus far was made up, or belongs in a movie somewhere. 

I want to end it. I really don't think my death will bring much sadness. I mean, there are a couple of people that would be upset, but for the most part, it would be 'Oh, that sucks...' and thats about it. I don't have anybody that needs me, and I never will. I will only have platonic relationships, and at this rate, will only continue to be living everyday because I have to, not because I want to. I've thought about it everyday, and I wish I had even a drop of confidence, because I'd end it as soon as I finished this post. I'm tired of hearing the ""happiness is what you make it"" or the ""it'll get better soon!"" because really, life doesn't workout for everyone, and chances are, life will always suck. 
"
"I just took a lot of medicine, clonazepam, with some other stuff. maybe I've done something a bit stupid... I'm not felling very alright... should I go to a ER?


**EDIT:** Good people of reddit. I'm well. I woke up in the floor, probably slept some 20 hours lying there. At least I was on the carpet.

I'm sorry. and feel embarrassed about doing that. I'm sorry for letting people worried... and ashamed for myself... I'm not sure what happened.

I'm on some antidepressants.. not sure what I was feeling, but just felt very very sad.. and empty. I think I've got no real friends, I'm doing rather badly at college, dad's dying of cancer, i've never really had a boyfriend or anything like that. (i'm a boy by the way...) you see, just felt like it's just not worth it all...

sorry for the confused speech I'm still not very clear-minded."
"I don't know why I'm posting here, I am not sure I can be helped.  I have my plan and I'm purchasing my supplies tomorrow.  I don't want to be posting this, because I don't want to be an attention whore, but there is still a tiny voice, deep in my stomach, yelling for help."
"Our power was turned off yesterday and we hocked most of our valuables to get it back on. I have psoriasis on 80% of my body, which sure doesn't help my depression. I've had so many jobs fall apart (company shut down, laid off, whatever) that my resumé is shit.

I went back to school 3 years ago to finally ""get a real education,"" but my depression last year caused me to fail a ton of classes and get put on probation. I was unable to get my grades up high enough this time around, and have been booted from the school unless I pay in cash from now on because my financial aid has been cut off. I am only 30 credits from completing my B.S. in Management Information Systems.

I'm thinking again of just offing myself. My kids deserve so much better than the failure piece of shit I am. I used to be a fairly decent programmer and have been trying to learn Objective C so I can write some iPhone Apps and try to bring in a little money to our house. I don't think I'm capable of learning anymore. I just sit and stare at a page I just read and realize that I get nothing from trying to learn anymore. My brain is shit, my social skills (I used to be the life of a party) are shit -- I stutter all the time, can't complete sentences, lose track of what I'm saying....

I'm so tired. My kids and wife deserve so much more. So much more."
"Hi everyone. I'm male, 17, I live in New Zealand. 

I've been home-schooled most of my life, but for the last 2 years have been studying at school level via correspondence, so that I can earn credits, so I can enter university. I plan on studying IT. 

I procrastinate a lot when it comes to study, and then lie to try and cover it up, which ends up becoming a vicious cycle as I try to catch up with myself 

Occasionally, I become terribly....I don't know the correct word. Bored? Vanilla? Dull?

Where I can't really be fucked doing anything. My mind always goes to one of two fantasies when this happens: I live on a beautiful beach, away from my family....or the second is where I end myself. 

The idea of killing myself seems so calming. Just letting it all go, never having to worry or think about anything ever. Seems like paradise.

But i can't, or won't, because I know the pain it would cause my family. I'm the oldest of 6 children. It would destroy my parents, it would scar my siblings. 

But I also realise somedays: I don't actually love my family. I feel indebted to them, naturally. But I don't love them. Except they've never ever done anything to hurt me. And I know they love me. So I pretend to. But besides the feeling of debt....I'm pretty 'meh' emotionally about them. What is this? Is this how most people feel about their parents?


I've considered seeing someone, but have no idea how i'd break it to my parents, because I know they'd immediately feel it as some sort of failure on their part.  I envy my school going friend when I hear that, if the need arises, they can go and speak to a councillor, privately, and their parents never need find out. 

I'm just so tired reddit. I don't expect you to help, but you seem like such a nice bunch of people. I wish you all the best. 
This is the sixth time ive tried posting to you, but every time just lose the ability to put it into words and go lie down


"
"I'm 16 years old, a sophomore in high school. Today was my last day of school, and when my dad came home, he greeted me with ""did you pass all your classes?"" I gave him a firm yes, but that led me to checking my school website for my grades. 

There was a solid 40 waiting for me for the marking period. Reduced me to tears. It was for English, and I know exactly how I earned it. I didn't do my term paper, and I didn't read any assigned books. Of course I'd get a 40. But I'm absolutely fucking terrified. I need a way out from the disappointment.

Last progress report (which didn't contain any grades), my English teacher wrote that I did not submit/complete homework. That's it. Just ""needs to give in homework."" My mom went fucking homicidal. During a 4 hour car ride to the orthodontist round-trip, she road raged the whole way while simultaneously YELLING at me like WHY the FUCK am I such a FUCKING PROCRASTINATOR. NEVER has she EVER had a problem like THIS with ANY of her other TWO CHILDREN. THIS was the MADDEST SHE'S EVER BEEN IN HER LIFE. And me, failing to argue back because I knew what she was saying was right and crying, even though she told me to STOP FUCKING CRYING. I didn't deserve to cry. I failed my way into high school, I failed my way out of one of the top 20 schools in the country, and here I am failing one of the worst public schools in New Jersey.

Just thinking about her and my dad's reaction to this failure makes me want to throw up. I need to go to the high school's graduation because I'm in the band, and as I stood in front of my closet to dress up, I bawled my eyes out. I'm really shaking right now.

I'm scared shitless of my mom and dad. I don't want to face ANYONE. I don't even want to admit I'm suicidal, because that'll just cause MORE problems for me. And here I am. I still haven't told anyone, no one knows a thing except for whoever's reading this. I don't think I stressed how much this is murdering me and how much I want to murder myself."
"they say its always darkest before the dawn but its just been getting progressively darker for the past fucking year. its been like ""ok this is definitely the worst of it"" for MONTHS. I dont even understand what the fuck is going on anymore its so stupid. why me out of all the people i havent ever done anything remotely wrong and yet i get the worst of everything. life is fucking bullshit i keep trying only to get the same results over and over and over. the scariest thing is its all shit i cant even control. i get no respect and anytime anything remotely good happens the only thing that follows is something terrible. these arent even normal problems to have i look at other peoples problems and think that they've got it easy, this is just fucking bullshit."
"It's like I got this way in a matter of days. A week ago I was not suicidal. 

Nothing bad has happened, well some things have, but it would look like things are looking up. Going to a better college next fall, family life is fine, it's all peachy.


But, over the last few months, I stopped enjoying things. I was doing better for a little while, but then I had a panic attack. I have a small symptom, nausea, slight headache, and then I think I have brain tumors or bacterial meningitis. I have been this way for a while, but it's been more manageable. The other night, I lost my shit. I was sitting in my room, felt a little nauseous, then thought I had kidney failure or something and I started trembling, felt like throwing up, but I know now it was a panic attack. I think i had a minor one tonight, I thought I was going to throw up at dinner with a friend. It made me freak out, I'm over it now I guess.

But, the last few days, I realized that I don't see a point to life, why I should bother. It scares me so much, but I think I could take my life. I feel depressed, I don't enjoy anything really. I am panicking right now because I realize that I feel this way. I am not sure what needs to change, but it's something inside me. I really don't ever feel like reaching out, I think, ""what's the point? They don't know how I feel."" This feels better expressing it, but I would like your help. I don't know what for, but if I'm going down, I might as well try to pull myself up. Thank you."
"Maybe its the new pills Im taking that are messing with my brain chemistry, but I just dont wanna deal with the stress. Im not sad anymore....but I worry a lot I guess. I stress a lot about everything, if Im doing everything right, what about tomorrow, the next few days, weeks, people, what they think, etc. Just...bleh. Need help sorting my brain. Sometime I just jump to the worst. I just want to end it. But I know the feeling will go away. Its just been coming and going more often lately. 

edit: radiohead is some good music when you're in a low mood. Fits perfect. "
"I often find that my thoughts tend to dwell on myself, and that I'm almost constantly lost in my thoughts. This really hurts me in the social scene as I tend to keep to myself and keep quiet. It also affects other activities. I could be reading, playing a video game or watching a movie and my thoughts drift towards myself.

This changes, however, when I've been drinking. I do absolutely zero self-examination when drinking and I'd like to be in this state sober.

Any ideas?"
"I have had loud (80db at times) constant ringing, whistling in my ears, head for 3 years now. Its from hearing loss due to working in bars and dj for years. I have struggled with alcohol and pot issues and struggled with paxil. i am sober now. I have suicidal thoughts every min. of everyday. I used to think i was depressed years ago, nothing can compare to the depression i am feeling right now. I'm with my parents, but am losing my will to go on, i feel its a matter of time before i do something truely stupid. of course i do not want to die, i just want relief from this noise and the anxiety and depression. i know i will never get relief from this noise. only thing louder is the shower. its piercing. everyone says just live with it i get that, but what if you dont want to fucking live with it??!? it kills me that i didnt take care of myself all those years, and now i really dont feel like it at all. i am on 6 fucking drugs right now for my depression and anxiety trazodone 300mg, immovane 5mg, pristiq 50mg, seroquel 100mg, librium 5mg, and ativan 0.5mg  daily. i am a zombie. is there really light at the end of the tunnel? i live with my parents and i barely talk to them. am in a new city and am fearing the worst. what do i do!?"
"I have been teased since I was a child, and now as an adult I am still teased. People think that because I am timid that they are somehow superior to me. I see their teasing as extremely aggressive and I don't fight back because I don't want to anger them more. I continue to lay down until the teasing becomes unbearable and I want to violently hurt them. **It all gets bottled up inside and I have no way of releasing that aggression**. At one point in time I decided to fight back against the teasing (years ago), and the aggressor broke several of my bones – I couldn't do anything about it though since technically I 'initiated' it, although only after he egged me on to fight. I still hate him to this day because of it. I initially forgave him because he apologized, but then I later learned that he had laughed about it on that same day from a trusted friend. I now hate him with every fiber of my being, even though I no longer in contact with him. I couldn't file criminal charges because I was in the military and we would have both been court martial-ed and dishonorably discharged because of zero tolerance policies (the UCMJ is unforgiving and a dishonorable discharge labels you for life). The military is archaic. It was swept under the rug like most things in the military. I thought I was done with that event, but the permanent scars (from surgeries) and emotional scars remain.

Now, I'm still teased at work for being timid. I have no friends, and everyone is has their own 'cliché' and I am in the outgroup. I don't know anyone in this world, and I'm starting to hate everything.

Sometimes I think that if I go back to college, I can get into a career where people don't act like children and tease each other. Children who tease should be severely reprimanded.

Maybe I should just get really drunk, grab a baseball bat and go smashing things. At least no one dies, I get aggression out and the night in jail will put life in perspective.

Maybe I should just fucking quit my job, and check myself into a mental institution. The ONLY thing preventing me from doing this is that I will have a permanent stigma attached to myself that is even more crippling. (I have taken several psychology courses) No one hires someone who was in a mental institution, and even worse, you can't buy firearms for sports hunting. (Stupid archaic law, if a mentally insane person wants to hurt people, there are far more effective ways than with bullets)

I seriously don't want to be fucking alive anymore in this fucked up world. My life has been nothing but utter misery, molested when I was 4, raped at 9, teased ever since because of being shy – I am now in my thirties and life is meaningless. I've tried talking with VA psychologists and psychiatrists, but they only schedule appointments during the day and I HAVE TO FUCKING WORK. I can't see them, because I have to work. They tried antidepressants before and they had no positive effect, CBT was getting no where. I want to end it, options? (Please no “Don't do it, life is precious comments” It isn't precious, it's worthless and constantly full of pain) I feel trapped in a scheduled prison of deadlines and meaninglessness in a cruel and cold world.


EDIT: I've taken out some of my profanity and insults (yes it was that bad before), and please don't take my anger to mean it is directed at you. I am asking for constructive criticism here and any help is appreciated. 

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who replied - there are some serious writers in there - some of you should write books."
"History: I've had various diagnoses of clinical depression and anxiety since about 7th grade or so (22 now), with one pretty solid breakdown 2 years ago.  I do the therapy thing, and it certainly helps.  In all, I feel pretty good right now, especially by comparison to how I felt 2 years ago (the daily Effexor XR helps too–facilitated by a psychiatrist).

So, the point of this post is basically to ask this:
As of college graduation, I've done literally everything I'd dreamed of as a child.  I have no motivation or ambition to do anything else of substance in my life.  I know this probably just sounds pretentious and sophomoric coming from someone as young and stupid as I am, but that is 100% sincerely how I feel.  Completely, blissfully content with what I have accomplished.

I haven't been considering suicide as much as I've just been wondering why I'm even trying any more.  I feel like in Mario Kart when you cross the finish line but the computer takes over and the karts keep racing forever until you hit A... that's where I'm at in my life, and the controller is broken.

1.  Is this an unhealthy way to feel?
2.  I feel that my future has literally no meaning or consequence, in relation to myself as an individual... how do I change this?  Should I change this?  I feel like I'm only getting out of bed any more because it's what other people want me to do.  There's no part of my day that I find to be especially rewarding, meaningful, or challenging.

It's not depression, at least in the traditional sense that I've known it. This is nothing I've felt before.  Furthermore, it's not suicidal ideation, at least not in the stereotypical ""I hate this and I don't want to keep going"" sense.  I don't hate living at all, I just don't see the point.

Fix me internet!"
"hey there... 

things are getting worser lately and I'm feeling shittier from day to day... 

my life is more or less a mess since I'm 18 oder 19...

I'm nervous, stressed, constantly overloading myself with media input and I'm unable to aquire any skill or learn anything the right way. 

I've been not really good at school - I understood things often quite easily but I failed to work regulary and procude some results on my own... 

In my sparetime I was stuck on the internet, always passive - reading stuff, following debates that have nothing to do with my life... 

This is now 6 years ago. And nothing has changed. 

I've never had a relationship last longer than one year. I've started studying physics and failed misarably and now I've changed cities and I'm into media computer science and I'm still failing anything. I'm constantly stressed out, lost my support from the state and have to work. 

I'm feeling strange around poeple, have no big friends. I'm always on the run, talking, trying to be accepted... or whatever... However everything I do is shitty and broken. I can't think a clear thought on my own. 

I'm always enthustic about things but when the shit gets real I'm putting my head in the sand. 

I can't keep the simplest shedule for lange than 3 days and chain smoking and I can't deal with poeple loving me. 

I hate myself for the person I am. I am ashamed of my own words. I'm even ashamed of my own ideas and my mercilessness against me. 

I try to start something but as soon as I have to keep sticking to it I'm running away... 

I'm far over the regulary study-shedule and for sure nobody is taking me seriously because I'm always nervous and chaotic and talking shit. 

So I thought I could manage this. I have the understanding if I practive enough and meet with colleagues but I just can't fucking concentrate myself or bring some structure into it. I've totaly lost it.  

I'm feeling fake. Feeling fake for not realising that I'm shitting myself procrastining the whole time. 

I just don't know why. It must be a huge fear of beeing stupid, of beeing made fun of or something like this. 

I'm soo unsucure. It is really sad. 

I've tried exercicse, relaxation techniques, breathing. went to study counseling and I'm going to see a psychatrist.... 

Am I just expecting to much from me? Am I destined to do a stupid boring job, where no thinking if required because I'm to stupid to manage my time? 

This is killing me. Because actually I'm even afraid to start something because I know I will fail... 

I'm not planning on suicide, but I'm scared of myself that I'm starting to think about it lately because I'm feeling so fucking empty and fake. 

But I really don't know neither who I am or what I want to be. The person I wanted to become obviosly doesn't exist. 

Am I just an ignorant idiot who is to lazy to work? 

 "
"I am depressed, in the sense that I am in a rut, I'm down. The last couple of days, starting Friday, the thought of suicide has popped up.
I am not showing all the symptoms of actual depression, though. Some I am, like waking up completely awake in the middle of the night and I am very sad. 

Let me say now: I have things to seemingly look forward to, but since summer started I don't do much of anything. Nothing bad has happened, if I killed myself it would be unexpected.

But, here is my thought: There is no point living. Sure, some things might be funny, some songs might sound good, but what's the point? I am so scared that I will kill myself. It feels inevitable for someone that would think that. I don't know what to do, I'm shaking. 

I don't enjoy anything. I don't get that ""rush"" of happiness when I think about the future, even later in the day when I would do something I like. I don't have the feeling anymore, I thought I was getting better, but over the last week, I don't know, I became like this.  I realize that I should feel happy when I think about the future, and I seem to have a bright one, I could do anything. But. it's just not there, the happiness that should be.

Can someone give me some advice? I think about what i have to look forward to, and I think, why? what's the point? I really just don't have a spark. I know it's not rational to kill yourself, but my thinking gets me in trouble. I am scared, I need your advice. Obviously something in me wants to live, I need to use that part while it's still here. I appreciate now nice you all are, thank you."
"So I messed up. I'll be honest. I have a problem with my sex drive. I'm not a cheater in that I don't flirt with other women, knowingly anyway, and in the literal meaning too. But, I get aroused pretty easily, and I used to masturbate a whole lot. She didn't like me watching porn as much as I did, makes her insecurities surge way high. So after messing up numerous times, I finally got better at it... cutting down from what was daily a few times, to maybe a few times a month. But it literally hurts me to do so. I need serious therapy, I just can't afford it. I also quit porn mostly. I'll get to that in a second.

So she has a history of being suicidal. So many times I've helped her. So many times. I've tried to leave her because of that pressure. We don't live together, and I dont have the best paying job so it gets hard since she also doesnt live in the same city as me. 

So I watched caligula last week, not knowing it was going to be a porn movie. And I did what I usually did. It wasn't planned out, but yeah, it counts. I messed up. 

Shes in Japan right now. I told her I did it. She feels suicidal now, and once again I'm in this situation where she is claiming to do it. Her favorite pet, which she loved very much, died while she was over there the first week she was there and she's been suicidal over that to, but she calmed down a lot. Now shes coupling that with the fact that I did this to her again. So, needless to say I'm afraid. She said I have till the morning (her time japan) till she says she wont give me a chance, which i feel will be followed by her trying to hurt herself, and worse. I need advice on what I can do soon... really soon. 

Edit 1: You know, I have faith in reddit, because this isn't 4chan. So I expect that a group of people on a Suicide Watch board will not talk bad about my fiance and perhaps give me ideas on how to help her remember I love her. I understand how it is, but as of right now, I just don't want her to die. Thats all I'm talking about. 

Edit 2: A lot of you have a point. I've probably allowed myself, to become someone I'm not happy with myself. Her insecurities shouldn't come before our relationship. Of course, that wasn't the issue. I think she'll do it. I guess I should get prepared for some serious depression. Thanks for the time. 

Edit 3: Thanks for the help guys. Its hard to feel this way, but even with the guilt I will have after I really honestly feel she will do something. I have a much better picture on things now. Thanks. "
"One minute, I'm fine.

Then I realize that at this very second, my wife is probably slobbering all over some guy's nasty, disease-ridden prick on the other side of my world. Or he's slapping her ass, and she's begging for more. Or they just finished and now they've cuddled each other into a stupor whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears. Am I jealous? You fucking bet.

I don't want to be separated. I don't want this to continue. I want to be with her again. I want her to be mine again. Marital separation is driving me to the brink of human sanity and mortality. I have no idea what to do with myself late at night, because I can think of nothing else but how badly I want to be laying with her in bed, falling asleep with my arms wrapped around her, like we used to. Hell, I'll be happy with even a simple promise that she'll come back, that she'll love me. Or to end the separation by saying 'I love you' to each other, and staying faithful until she's done with school where she's at or something. I just want her heart again.

The worst part is this entire charade is MY fault. I don't even know what happened. For some reason I wanted to divorce her, but I'm not sure why. I somehow got her to agree to separation, once she was living a few states over; she made no explicit promises of ever returning to me, though. I wasn't abusive. I don't... I don't think I was mean. I honestly think I had a fit of mental psychosis or depression or something, because the details of the whole ordeal are so fuzzy and distant that I can't even tell what's fact or fiction. It feels like I hit my head really hard on something and forgot a month or two of my life. Because I don't remember jack shit.

But I'm so incredibly, unfathomably terrified that I will never, ever get to see her or hold her again, whether from her own choice or from her getting in some kind of accident (killed in a wreck, raped, whatever) that it's driving me absolutely mad. My regret is so intangible and so indescribable - I have never felt so fucking stupid and so wronged by myself at all in my entire life. I fucked this up. I caused all of this.

I have never experienced anything in my life that feels as purely and completely fucking WRONG as this entire situation. It feels like an absolute perversion of reality. It doesn't even feel like it's actually fucking happening AT ALL sometimes. I catch myself coming home from work at night and looking in the kitchen to see if she's in there concocting some new culinary experiment to subject me to.

I have a hard time being optimistic because she's a mechanical, calculating, logical thinker. For her to come back, there would have to be some sort of gain for her existence, something to help her. But I feel like I don't offer her anything of value. I am an imaginary number in her equation. And I have no idea how to turn myself into something that will be of benefit to her - she thinks of things like business contracts it seems. If I want her to come back, there has to be something in it for her. Or at least that's how it seems. I'm probably just freaking out. I know she wants an assertive, dominant, masculine male who isn't afraid of social situations and who stands up for himself and is proud of who he is. I don't know how to do that.

 The pure pain that wracks my heart and my gut is enough that it makes me want to just fucking end it all. It hurts too much. I can't focus on anything at all. I'm a fumbling moron at work, I don't have any drive or energy or focus to do anything basic that needs to be done at home. I've tried tricking and fooling myself into believing that I'm okay, that it'll all be fine... but I can't do this anymore. Maybe if I end it, I'll wake up and I'll come back into reality, where none of this happened in the first place. I don't know of any other way to show her just how truly deep my regret is, and how much I love her."
"My girlfriend broke up with me. I went to her job without her knowing to see what was she up to (which I think its completely wrong and anyway I did it), and I saw her getting on a guys car. She saw me and told me I was the worst person she have ever met for stalking her like that and that she doesnt wanna see me ever again. You have no idea the pain im feeling right now. I know I fucked up but I needed to know the truth. What do I do now? I know I need help. She said I was a freak and I needed help. Im lost without her. She is the hottest girl ive been with, the must funny and smart of them all. She told me to completely erase her from my life since she was gonna do the same thing. I dont know what to do. I need help."
"Our daughter took her life last summer, and it threw us borh into the crisis of your lives. Rachel's response was top read up on it. Mine was to find a story that made it make sense. (http://mfinley.com/pdf/zombie-girl.pdf, if you're interested)

Rachel's breakthrouh occurred reading a book called SUICIDE AND THE SOUL, by psychiatrist James Hillman. Hillman's idea is that we all freak out when we hear about suicidal wishes. Like a fire department we all rush to the scene, and seek at all costs to prevent it.

Hillman suggests that the psychiatrist might be wiser to walk with the suicide to the lip of the abyss and stare down into it with him/her.  We still don't want the person to jump, but more than that we want to honor their journey to the edge of nonexistence.

He's just talking about psychiatrists, not folks like us. But there is something to this. Depressed people are not usually helped with chucks to the chin, promises of a better day dawning, good times being just around the corner.

In a way it is better to be a real friend, and acknowledge the pain that has brought the person to the edge. In short, to love that person and his or her struggle.

Some people, Rachel and I decided, including our beloved daughter Daniele, are involved in a dance with death. In a sense, they have already lived their lives -- intensely, often miserably. 

This accounts for a small percentage of those of us with suicidal urges. I'm talking the hard core -- the death's head kids. Daniele was such. When she died there were literally over a hundred plastic and ceramic skulls surrounding her.

Could she be saved? She was saved, once. But she took pains not to be saved the second time. No note, no longing glances -- even though she adored us.

What is the lesson of a kid like that? That suicide is very profound, and deserving of our respect. Sure, we don;t want one another to die. But we all will die. The trick is to know one another, to respect one another, so that when we do die, we aren't entirely by ourselves.

If you see someone having a hard time, don't be too quick with the wise words. Buy 'em a coffee. give 'em a hug. Listen to their story.

I got off the topic of James Hillman toward the end here. It was me talking, not him. I don't recommend reading his book unless you are a real good reader! But you got the gist of it right here."
"I have a loving boyfriend and I am on my way to getting a degree that will let me get a good job right out of school and allow me to live comfortably until retirement.

I can't remember the last time I was happy.  I have felt love, I have felt relief, I have felt the relief of a longing.  I don't remember what feeling happy is like.  I keep telling myself that if I remember how in love I am or if I remember how successful I will be, I will be happy eventually.

I am starting to realize I might never feel happiness again.  I want to go to a doctor and talk about how I feel, but they have only referred me to counselors before and I haven't solved anything through them.  I am sick of talking.  I feel like I need to be medicated.  My friends joke that I am sort of a hypochondriac, but I feel like I am always self-diagnosing in the hopes that one day I will find the condition that I have and I can fix how I feel.

I want to see a doctor but I think that tomorrow I will not care.  I go from apathy with blinks of positive feelings to feeling so low I think I would end it if I had a quick, painless method nearby.  Since I do not, I have time to think about the consequences and I choose to make myself feel better long enough to make it through the day.

I don't know what I'm looking for here.  I think I just want to talk to someone.


Update: Went to a walk-in clinic today and talked to a random doctor since I don't have a family doctor where I'm currently living.  He said I should have a call by Friday with a proper referral, although I am not sure if it will be to a general practitioner or somebody specializing in mental health.  His accent was thick, but he was concerned.  I am glad that I went.  I don't feel as bad today, just empty."
"I'm in my late thirties and have suffered from depression/bipolar since I was a teenager. I'm on antidepressants and mood stabilisers, none of which seem to do much. (I've tried pretty much every combination over the years)

Existence was a waking nightmare for me, living with an all encompassing feeling of self loathing and hatred. Things were about to get so much worse too, with my business going down the pan and my personal bankruptcy (two more failures to add to the list) suicide was the only way out of all this. 

Life is a pretty grim thing, look at all the shit in the world; Wars, famine, the rich getting richer whilst the rest of us get fucked. Who wants to be part of that! I know I don't want to do some minimum wage 'shit eating' job for the rest of my life! Even if I did, there wouldn't be a pension for me at the end of it! And yet the vast majority accept this fucked-up situation without question, just as long as they have their sport/soaps/celeb gossip/shopping! My conclusion; I am totally dysfunctional. 

Plus the voices in my head have started again – they tell me I'm a failure and to kill myself. 

So I've been reading the A.S.H newsgroup and read a couple of books on suicide and think I am ready to go ahead with it, while I have the house to myself for the next week.

Thanks for reading.
"
"I got relatively sudden suicidal thoughts last Friday, and then after that I have gotten to a point where I feel like those thoughts are from another person, and right now I'm not sure. My personal background is that when summer came I just hung out with my parents, didn't leave the house much, and my friends are all away so I just sit around. It seems like night time is when I get the majority of the thoughts. I wake up maybe an hour after going to sleep, even if I was really tired, and there's a bad feeling in my stomach, and I feel really, really low. Today's been a rough day, but here is my question:

Are these with me forever? I feel awful and I've dealt with the feelings for less than a week, and there are people who have had them for more than 10 years. I don't want these forever. I saw the Askreddit post where some guy said he was happy, but still wanted to die, making me think these are something you can't escape, just try to ignore as long as you can. I have personally thought of suicide before this, in a really narcissistic ""what would they do if I was gone, they would be so sad"" way, but never the scary way where I feel like the thoughts are a disease until recently. Right now, one of the biggest things keeping me far away from the urges is the impact it would have on family, but I see people so worn down by the thoughts that they don't let it stop them. I'm worried, and even more worried the way I see some people get no help from therapists, psychologists, or treatment in general, like it's as inevitable as it seems. 

So, yeah tldr: can someone fully recover and get past the thoughts and urges? Depression in general?"
"I've been depressed for a long time but as far as I can tell it's been for a variety of reasons.  Either way, the thought of suicide has been pretty consistent (read: daily) for a number of years now.  It just seems to make sense.  As cheesy as it sounds it's really down to one of those ""meaning of life"" kind of things.  Apart from suicide being extremely selfish I simply don't understand why anyone would actually want to be alive.

* No one asked to be born.
* We aren't working towards anything.
* Death is final and absolute.
* In death there is no 'you' to worry about anything (eg. feeling bad about being dead or whatever the living ego imagines death to be).
* In short, other than the negative impact it would have in the world that one is leaving suicide seems like the rational choice.  Why fight for nothing at all, and particularly if I didn't ask for it in the first place?

I guess I'm just kind of curious what kind of meaning you all have grafted upon existence (sorry for the loaded phrasing).  Again, this isn't urgent, the selfishness itself keeps me from going through with it.  But, treating life like a chore has been wearing on me for some time and I've been trying to work this out before it gets too serious."
"I didn't get into any colleges and I'm having to face that I'm going to have to go to a bad school.  All my life my parents have made it known they want me to go to a good university.  But now that I've utterly failed I feel so ashamed.

Disappointing them has been so utterly crushing to me, and the worst part is I feel like such a failure of a big brother.  I love my little sister so dearly and yet I feel I haven't set a good example at all.  The disappointment I've given to my family is so crushing to me.

I have such dark thoughts I just don't know what to do, I just feel like I don't deserve to live.  And everytime I speak to one of my friends and I hear their plans I feel worthless.  Why am I such a disappointment?  I just don't know what to do."
"Hi,

Recently my mother and my sister were killed in a car accident with a drunk driver. It was his fault, and the trial is starting soon. My father left when I was a kid, and I haven't seen him since I was about 10 (I'm 23 now). My mom had a really small extended family (one sister that's 4000 miles away, and her parents both passed away), and I don't really keep up with my father's family after he left. So, I'm really lonely. I'm a pretty quiet guy when I first meet people, so that doesn't really help (I basically max out on any sort of personality tests for introversion... I guess it's just how I am). I don't really see myself committing suicide, but the thought of it is somewhat relieving.. I just feel so lost and lonely on the inside. I see a counselor, and for the most part, he's really helpful, but talking with him doesn't begin to fill the void I feel.

I'm not angry, really... what happened happened, and I want the DD to pay the consequences... he already plead guilty, and seems remorseful enough, and as much as I feel I should be angry at him, I'm not. Like I said, what happened happened, being angry isn't going to change anything. He's suffering enough, I'm sure. I really miss my mom and my sister though.. they were the only family I had, and I don't really know how (if ever) I'll fill that loss. My sister was in medical school and was going to become a pediatrician; she would have been a good one too. My mom gave up so much to take care of me and my sister; my dad basically left us with nothing, and she had to go back to school and start from scratch. I had always hoped that I could have taken care of her as she got older to ""pay"" her back, in a way. 

I'm a PhD student, and I've basically been working non-stop and focusing on my work. It might not be the best way to deal with it all, but I hate talking about this with people. I don't have that many close friends where I'm studying now, so I feel really guilty reaching out to them when I really want someone to hang out with. I'm not really as much fun anymore to be around, and I know it. I don't really have anyone to rely on, which is a feeling I was already used to after my dad left. I'm just too used to it, maybe? I don't mean to cut people out from my life, but I don't like being a burden either. It just feels like there's no one out there for me who will support me when I need it. Rather, no one out there that's meant to support me. It's just me now - part of me is okay with that, another part of me wishes there was someone to come home to or someone I could call on a daily basis that actually cares about what happens to me. 

The traditional advice hasn't really worked for me - I'm looking for people and things to fill the loss, and I can't find them, or haven't found them yet. I don't really know if I ever will. Until then, it just sort of sucks. I'm sure people think I'm depressed, and I probably am, but I'm still hopeful for whatever reason. It sometimes feels stupid to feel hopeful that things will work out the way I want them to, because I kind of have had experiences proving the opposite. I don't think I'll ever get over it completely, but I do think I'll be at least better at dealing with it. Now I sort of just cry a lot to myself when I'm alone - for a guy, it feels kind of pathetic, but it's just what I want to do sometimes. It makes me really sad sometimes to think that I'm going to graduate sooner than later, and I won't have anyone close to me to celebrate it with. 

On top of it all, there's a girl I really like - I sometimes feel a connection with her, but I get the feeling she isn't as into me as I am into her. It's hard for me to believe it's a good idea to pursue anything with her; I don't even want to explain to her what happened, and I definitely won't be the best boyfriend, I'm sure. Maybe I'm just looking for someone to attach to, who knows.. anyway

I just get the feeling people misunderstand me - I never really felt like I related as well to most people. My ambitions for a while now were to get my PhD, start a company from my research, hopefully earn enough from that that I can buy a house somewhere and just settle down eventually. I'm kind of stupidly simple that way, sometimes. I don't really chase excitement, rather I tend to shy away from it. Anyway, I feel like I'm rambling, but I'm just having a lot of trouble coping with how I feel and what not. I know things will probably be better in the future, but for now, I just can't really be happy. I can't just bounce back emotionally from everything I've been through. So, I work. I take a trip here and there (alone, of course) to the beach or mountains just for the weekend, which is nice. I like being alone with my thoughts sometimes. Maybe I enjoy it too much, or maybe I'm just too used to it, I don't know. I guess the idea is to be persistent and resilient, and work-wise, I am, but emotionally, I'm not. I hope I can change that in time. "
"Still no job, absolutely no money, no boyfriend, no direction, the only thing I ever want to do is self-medicate. I have love for myself, but I feel like the world doesn't. I'm 32 fucking years old, have few skills and no money. And I interview terribly. Sleep and dreaming is the only peace I get other than the occasional party, drugs, or hookup which gives me a nice oxytocin rush for a few days. Which, by the way, is a fucking wonder I'm not HIV+ yet, I have had sex with so many people in the last year. And not always safe. I just don't fucking care about anything anymore. Inb4 get tested, I have and for some assfuck reason I am clean. "
"I know I keep posting here, and I'm sorry. I think I've gotten used to the idea I'm beyond help, but I need to get stuff off my chest. I'll never talk about it otherwise (although I would never be this open in RL). It hurts too much. Its getting hard to get out of bed, its getting hard to go to bed. Its hard to live a life that I've lost all passion for. 

Its really hard. I mean, to wake up everyday, put on a fake face, and pretend I'm happy. Pretending I want to go to social outings and pretending I'm happy when I'm not. I haven't been for a long time. Yes, I'm at the point where I'm deciding to be passively suicidal. I don't have the guts to take my own life, but I'm doing my best to become numb to the idea of death (my own at least). If I go out, I go out. I shouldn't fear it. If anything, I should embrace it. I want to. Its so hard to keep this up, and doing so is just making my sadness worse. 

I have somebody that knows, but when I complain to her, I force her to repeat herself, because I don't want to hear the advice. Or, I hear it, but I constantly complain about depression because it re-occurs. She's supportive, but I can tell I'm getting on her nerves. She'd doing enough for me, and doesn't need my emo ass making it worse. I want to be able to just hide myself completely. I'm not very confident, so I never talk about myself or how I feel, but I always feel bad for it. I don't want to care anymore. I don't think I want to bother getting help. 

I think I'm just done. "
"What should I say... A little more than three of four weeks ago, I was enthusiastic cause I had the brilliant idea to do cold calling looking for jobs, especially in the area I was interested in. Then, an employer just told me he would need a nightwatchman soon during the summer but still I have no news from him, I have no news from anybody for now. Looks like, nobody care about me, or maybe they do care and it's just that they dismiss me as soon as I approach them. another month will come to pass and then, I'll run out of unemployment insurance for good. I thought about what shoud I do, I even had sleepless night because of it but still I'm too stupid to get my things together. I even had a phone number I found in the newspaper because they were looking for staff in a restaurant (minimum wage). I could get a work there maybe, but I don't know how much time I'd be able to handle it before I get mad and do something stupid because of my hopeless situation.

Everyday seems like the repetition of the last day except for the few things I'm still trying. Like joining a ""club"" dedicated to job seeking."
"Sorry for the weird title, I am just worried and flustered. I have moods where things are worse. In the mornings and late at night I feel like it is unavoidable, like I am doomed, and each day it gets worse. In the day, I can forget it for a while and am confident I'll beat it. Right now I feel less like I want to live than I have. I am so worried. 

I think one of my major problems is that if I read something, like that some people will just always want to die, then I assume the symptom. I am becoming an extreme hypochondriac in this way, if something is brought up then I suspect i have it, on one hand I know I don't and on the other I think I might. I am depressed, for sure. No pleasure, starting to get down on myself, no appetite ever, I can feel that my stomach is hungry and still not want to eat.  I am out of town until next week, can't do anything really until then, and I am just with my dad, I don't know what he would do if I told him how i feel. I am panicked now, because I don't want to die, but on the one hand i feel like my suicidal thoughts are getting worse and worse. I know there is an other side, I am not like this forever, but right now I feel so confused. I would call the hopeline if I could, but Im not even sure what I would say. Basically it;s ""I feel panicked, like I want to die, no good idea why, other than I am increasingly feeling like life is pointless.""

It's like I am half okay and half thinking my suicide is inevitable, and for some reason this is almost worse. I want to get help, but don't know what my best options are. I have some money, but no job and I am not wanting to spend my meager life savings. 

I honestly don't know why I am so low. No real stressors other then no friends around, and that doesn't really stress me out, but maybe i'm lonely. I don't know what my pain is, maybe my hypochondria. When I first had suicidal thoughts, it was a panic attack that I think the hypochondria caused. 

I am sorry for being so unorganized and sporadic, but i am panicked and have no idea. I could really use someone relating to me, I guess."
"Sit on your front stoop with a [neatly trimmed Hemingway type beard](http://ginavivinetto.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/hemingway.jpg)*, smoking a pipe, and when you catch the eye of someone walking past, immediately give them a wink and a sharp nod.  You may want to practice this a bit so that it becomes a single instinctive gesture. 

...well, maybe it's just me, but it put quite a spring in my step when I was the beneficiary of a Hemingway wink and nod this afternoon.  And I hate people and being outside.

    *I think this would be even more awesome if it was on a lady."
"I don't have any friends anymore or feel like I belong anywhere. I keep feeling at odds with the world, like the people I meet that are happy are part of something I can never be a part of. I'm a very nice and friendly person, and not bad looking, but I can't seem to let myself get close to anyone and I have a huge problem following through with what I say I will. This had led to me being very poor, living month to month just scraping by, have a maxed out credit card, trying to start my own business but can't get momentum building, and having no real friends. My parents have already helped me out a bit financially and I feel like I would be admitting defeat to ask for any more. 

I don't know when this all started but a couple years ago I started to feel distant from my friends. It was mainly because when I came home from college, I felt I never really connected with them the way it was before I had left. My best friend's interests were no longer very related to my own, so we started spending a lot less time together and I started to spend a lot more time on my own, got tired of going out to bars and getting fucked up, got tired of my friends pressuring me to hook up with random girls, I felt like nobody understood me, so I just started keeping to myself. 

On top of all this, I just realized today that I have no real passions! I have lots of skills but am passionate about nothing! I have passion for nature and for the environment and for creating a better future, but devote none of my time to those things. I've never even been to a big concert before, but I'm so poor I couldn't afford tickets to one if I wanted to go. How do I find culture? How do I find friends who understand me? I don't know how much longer I can go on leading this empty life! There is so much I want to do but if I am honest with myself I know I am so far away from making any of that happen. How do I find myself?

Thanks for any help."
"I have been suicidal for as long as I can remember. I know that I was thinking about it at least as early as 12, and I'm 23 now.

I try to avoid thinking about it. I try to keep a job and have friends and hobbies, but it's difficult.

I've been on different medications (currently Zoloft), I'm seeing a therapist, I'm going to the gym (with personal training even), trying to eat right, trying to perform well at work. I recently bought a guitar and have been trying to teach myself using online materials (I want to get lessons, but can't afford it right now).

None of that makes me feel better. I can't even imagine things that would make me feel better. I keep hoping that someday something will change and I'll start liking myself. Some switch will flip and I'll be able to enjoy the world. The more I try, the more I wait, the less like I feel it's worth the effort.

The only thing keeping me going is the fear of death or homelessness.

It's super frustrating because I know there's nothing wrong with me. I know that I don't have any reason to hate myself, but I still do.

What can I do that I'm not already doing? I can't keep feeling this way."
"Over a year ago I met this girl. And for over a year we went to the cinema, dates and dinners as friends. She's never been that usual girly girl, a bit tom boy and likes shit that normal girls don't like. More so, she is a bit defensive and doesn't let anyone get near her.
However over the time i've discovered that this girl is probably the girl I want to spend the rest of my life with. This girl is so perfect that probably there isn't going to be anyone as her who is going to complete me as she does it.
Last month, I've declared to her saying that she i'm so in love with her. She said we were just friends.
Today, after a party that i've went with her, I once again I tried to tell her that I'm really in love with her. This time reality brought pain as friend.
After I've opened my heart to her how perfect she is and how awesome she is, she started explaining to me how even she is unsure of her sexuality. After she explain all of her relationships with woman she started telling me that since she is a grown up she didn't found any love with man. She had casual make out sessions with man but she founds more connection with woman, being that she has only been with one and got interested in another one. I tried to tell her to open her heart to other people, to let people inside her heart. We had such a great chemistry and we could try something, even if for a week. I've tried to hug her, but still the worst part is that, even after that she said that for now we were just friends.
Right now I can't get any sleep. Seriously I've even considered suicide right about now but I doubt I have the courage to even do that. I just wish i could forget ever knowing her. More so I wish I was dead right now. No girl will ever be as perfect as she is and she will always be the mark as I found other girls. My presence in in reality right now has become pointless.
How can God even exist if he is this cruel."
"I have made the decision that I no longer want to live. I have 3 family members that I don't want to be hurt by this decision (Dad, Brother, and Sister) how do I tell them that by killing myself the world would be a better place?
"
"Every morning I wake up and wonder what I'm doing with my life. I'm recently 21 and I still live with my parents. I have the opportunity to go wherever I want and do whatever I want, but what do I end up doing? Not a damn thing. I feel trapped in my own fucking head. I doubt every single move I make to the point that I don't even try anymore. Am I afraid of failure? Maybe, but if I am that's only a small part of it. 

The real problem is that I've convinced myself that I can't connect with people at all on any *REAL* level. Everyone is a fucking acquaintance. I could hang out with someone I think is amazing and I'd have a great time while I was with them, but when they were gone I really wouldn't care if I ever saw them again. As a matter of fact, I'd prefer it if I never did run into them again. I might be afraid of actually getting close to people. I might just not like feeling dependent on other people. I really have no idea what the reason is, but that's how I feel. This leaves me with zero friends and a huge amount of frustration, loneliness, sadness, anger...and finally apathy. It's to the point where I really really do not care what happens to me. I knowingly put myself in bad situations and I constantly contemplate suicide. It's been bad for awhile now, but to say it's getting worse would be an understatement.  I'm waiting for my particular method to arrive and it should be here in less than a week, but even that seems like an eternity away.

Fuck, I care about people. I'm not a mean-spirited person at all. When I see people, I smile and I wave and I have polite conversations. I really try to brighten peoples' day in small ways when I'm out, but when I'm back in my car alone and my hands are on the wheel, I just want to drive my car into the ocean. The only time I'm happy is when I'm with other people and I guess that's why I spend my time setting up stupid little dates with random strangers from the internet pretending to be something I'm not...hoping that I can actually be that person. And then I just go home and I wonder what the fucking point is, because I'll be damned if I want to live my entire life feeling disconnected from everything and everyone. 

To top it off, I meet these people and I like them. And they like me. And then I just can't stand to be near them anymore for some reason, so I say I'm not ready for a relationship...and when I think about it, I guess that's the truth. But if I'm not hanging out with anybody what the hell am I supposed to do?  I have hobbies and you know what, **FUCK HOBBIES**.  Fuck all of my hobbies.  FUCK THEM FUCK THEM FUCK THEM  A hobby is never going to make me happy.  Trust me, I have plenty of hobbies.

Okay, calming down...When I think about what I want out of my life all I can even imagine that would make me happy is having a family of my own that cares about me. And for some reason I can't even maintain a friendship with a single person.  I am not mentally able to be a *friend* to a person without getting tired of them.  It's not as if I'm judging anyone unworthy of me or anything like that. I just stop liking them...not as a person, but as a friend. They feel more like burdens which doesn't make sense, because no one really asks me to do anything for them.

I've done some uncomfortable, stupid things over the past couple months.  I think I just need to feel like someone *really* likes me.  How fucking pathetic is that?  Even when people do like me...I just don't feel it.  I act like I do, but I don't.

I'm just venting...I'm fine for the night.
"
"Alright so I just finished my masters degree in an area that I couldn't give a fuck about. I come from a small town and I'm studying away from home. Parents divorced and both mentally ill. Only son. Mother is a terrible influence and only gives bad advice. Barely knows how to take care of herself so I'm pretty much stuck with her. Father can't take disappointment otherwise he won't be able to sleep for months. I always go into depressive state when home. Can't feel well anywhere. Dating a girl for whom I care but we barely have anything in common. Developing some kind of social anxiety (I guess...) and can't seem to make conversation or friends and beginning to avoid needless social interaction. Feel stripped of all dreams and tastes. Haven't recognized beauty in a long, long time. I feel like I'm already dead. Every night and every day, the pounding wish to end everything. I imagine it. I dream about it.  I'm about to wuss out and I don't even care anymore. "
"I feel like I've never been satisfied with what I've had ever in my life. Why do I need to live if this is the only thing I'll ever see?

I'm only 16, but I still feel like this will never change. I also feel as if I'm never good enough. This self-hatred has led me to self-harm, which I've become addicted to and am fighting on my own. I've managed 3 weeks without cutting, but on the inside, I'm a wreck.

Do you have any advice, Reddit?"
"Due to the length of this post, I uploaded it to Google Docs with an anonymous account, and it can be accessed via this link: 
https://docs.google.com/document/edit?id=1-GGE_UznDtTknsNn7DzuLyKnXkUdX224cV1TIlQwiUA&amp;hl=en&amp;authkey=COGa5JIF

Sorry for the inconvenience, I look forward to your responses.
And please keep a backup of your response before you submit, Reddit's acting funny right now."
"I don't even know where to begin. This is, obviously, a throwaway account.

I'm 20 and in college. I never expected to end up in college but in my final year I had a realization that I loved school and loved learning. I went into college for political science and economics, but after a year of it and realizing that I liked my math classes the best and was reading more about physics and math in the library than my economics or poli sci textbooks, I became disillusioned with the liberal arts in general. I never had a chance in science or math, so I will be switching into sciences (from the very bottom) next year and am very excited. I took pre-calculus math in the summer and ended up with an A-, which isn't so bad.

But I just feel like I shouldn't be in college. I come from a blue collar family and am the first to go. I definitely don't feel ""smart"" enough and am very, very hard on myself about everything. I am also a very quiet and reserved person, and have not made a single friend. I was better acquainted with my professors rather than my peers in the class. I did fairly well in the year, although I failed German (I really, really suck at languages but I need it for when I transfer to university) and barely passed Micro Economics (just could not study it, the most boring subject I've ever had). 

My home life is estranged. I don't really like my family much and have a hard time communicating with them. They all talk about such different things (like hockey or UFC and the next big movie coming out), while I'm more inclined about talking about books and ""intellectual"" things. My mom is an alcoholic and I'd just rather not talk to her; she doesn't live with us. I haven't really connected with my dad in about 10 years and we rarely exchange words. I feel like I missed out on child hood because I was glued to my computer screen to escape my alcoholic and drug addict mother (I lived with her for most of my child hood). I was a very angry child and took it out on my cousin and little brother, which I think about a lot and it makes me feel terrible inside. I often fantasize about having a perfect and normal family whom I communicate well with and both have university education. 

I just feel like there is no point in being here. I talked to my doctor and told him I was having panic attacks (I was having mild ones awhile ago) and he prescribed me cipralex, but I'd rather stay away from prescription drugs because the side effects are something I don't want to deal with. I just feel like I'm slipping away from reality and that everything is falling apart, even though it's not. It's a hard feeling to articulate. I often think about committing suicide (by often, I mean daily). I just hate being me with all my heart."
"This is my first real post, and not a fake accnt.  I really, really need a friend.  Anyone, please, I beg you to read, please.  This is not a bot or anything, this is even the pared down version.  Please.

http://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1GyWECcIb2ayBCapDr3oOSp1epzZ2RpWDULdGYJo6D6w

I really wanna thank everyone for the comments, everyone.  Keep in mind there is alot more that has gone on in my life than what I wrote here that has put me in this position.  Simple bad luck honestly HAS played a part in my life.  I realize alot of this situation is caused by irresponsability, but it's not entirely caused by it.  In regards to my living situation and girlfriend, if I move out, I'm on the streets, this time without a car because it's now gone.  I had to leave it at my parents and after 6 months they sold it, and kept the cash.  I can't leave for two reasons, simple guilt in throwing people that have been amazing to me to the wind because of their daughter, and the simple fact of no where to go.  I have to admit though, posting this was a good idea, finally hearing some other people instead of the solitude of my head has really cleared the air, even if the situation hasn't gotten much better, thanks a ton Reddit, I won't forget it :)"
"I'm hoping this will actually get posted this time.  I posted this as a link earlier, but it didn't show up... but told me it had already been submitted when I tried again, and posted to reddit.com when I tried a third time.  Fourth time's a charm, right?

----
Over in IAmA, someone is on medication, but still depressed and suicidal.   Please help him out with some encouragement:

[http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/cjyea/iama_person_whos_on_medication_for_depression/](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/cjyea/iama_person_whos_on_medication_for_depression/).

"
"Alcohol is really cutting through the PTSD emotional numbing here.

How do you come to accept that nobody will or really can care about you in a, let's say, spiritually fulfilling way - in a healing way. All the compassion and love in the world mean nothing if they don't give rise to charitable and healing acts; and I don't think anyone can love or care in that way unless they are genetically realtex (of course, even then there's no guarantee whatever)

All at once the people with whom I came to the understanding that I should be provided a sense of safety and security that I might heal
dropped me like a sack of bricks and now I'm
facing homelessness and I've no way to
provide for myself.

I'm struggling at the moment with my therapist - as usual; his need for an internal locus of control and his wont to commit the just world fallacy, as well as his appreciation of statistics, all dispose him to think that my claims about my suffering and the sources of that suffering are exaggerations.  What if I were an individual more peculiar than any lotto winner; what if my life had been little more than an interminable series of setbacks and rigors, painful beyond comprehension? It's possible; of course, it's more likely to the observer that I were merely a suffering-naive whiner. 

I need him to understand for the same reason and to the same degree that a peron who'd had a limb cut off without anaesthesia or had had his body set on fire would need a shoulder to cry on.  What if one's scars and wounds were every bit as severe but internal so that, for caregivers, it were the path of least resistance to assume histrionics because there were no outwardly visible indices of the magnitude of ones pain?

I firmly believe that there are few forms of physical pain that could possibly compare to what I've endured.  It did not kill me because I was too weighted down by agony to end my life; it's always been in times of moderate depression that I've made my many attempts at deliverance from this bizarre nightmarish thing we call reality. If I were a religious person I would literally believe that I had visited hell and let me tell you that it isn't the cartoonish almost alluring place of popular depictions. 

So, here I am at another party, in order to try to put it out of my mind that i will be living in the gutter fairly soon, petrified in fear of others, sitting in the corner, feeling like a mousy scrawny hideous and worthless pile of human garbage that not only could never be loved but neither even liked.  The loneliness! And, yet, if I had someone in my life I would still feel miserable because I'd be consumed by doubts as to whether I should be able to keep that person in my life or not.

So, I've cut my bed sheet into long strips to use for hanging myself and binding my hands.  I'm just waiting for the person I'm couch surfing with for the next few days to leave long enough for me to do this.  In the mean time, I guess I'm trying to give the worl just one last opportunity to show me that's it might be worth my time.  I know that life *could* be pleasureful and so I do not wish to die, but for the time being I see no way to achieve that.
"
[removed]
"I haven't been here as much as I wanted to lately. But I was struck with a realization a couple days ago that even though I haven't been here I've still been there for two people. I write every few days just to say hi.

This is probably the greatest part of SW. To meet someone who feels the same way and who will let you just talk without judging you.

I started out in SW wanting to give advice but I've learned from my two friends that neither of them wants advice, they just want someone they can be honest with.

I just wanted to let people know this because it is invisible. Advice giving is the most prominent part of SW but not the best part."
"Reddit I don't know what to do. I'm 25 I've worked all my life and I have nothing to show for it. Every time things start to fall into place for me the cosmos takes a giant dump on me. I have social anxiety so bad that I haven't been on a date for almost three years. I hate my family, my father and I have nothing in common and whenever we get in the same room together for more than 30 seconds we piss each other off. My mom is in her own little world. I only have two or three friends and I can't open up to them. I feel like I've come to the point where I can't go on. I can't take it anymore. I live at home with my father who never misses an opportunity to tell me what a piece of crap I am. I feel like I have nothing to live for. On top off all this I work a job on Pensacola Beach which was awesome. But the moods all changed. I used to live for my job. I loved going to work and seeing all the happy people who lived in paradise, but now paradise is lost and it feels like the sun isn't coming out tomorrow.  I don't know what to do. I've thought about leaving and trying to find a better situation but I have no where to go. I'm a thousand miles away from the only other family I have and I don't really know any of them anymore anyways. I just can't take it anymore. If I can't get my head right, I can't keep going on. I feel like I've got a river flowing with emotions in my head and the dams barely holding it back."
"They say money doesn't buy you happiness, but it definitely can buy peace of mind.

I first tried to commit suicide in sixth grade. What I knew about suicide I don't know. I just knew I was not happy and didn't want to live anymore. I was going to hang myself but my mom interrupted. I had locked my door so she knocked on it and I got rid of my makeshift noose (that more than likely would not have held my body weight since it was a couple of shoe strings tied to a vent in my ceiling) and opened it. I pretended I was tired so I didn't have to talk.

A couple of years later I wanted to harm myself but had nothing to help me. I was smart enough to know that shoestrings wouldn't kill me but not smart enough or driven enough to kill myself with other things in the house. I think the only thing that crossed my mind was swallowing a bottle of aspirin but I still somehow knew that would be more pain than it was worth.

Ironically, despite my sadness in middle school years, I managed to make it through high school in relatively good spirits. Especially my junior and senior years, I made friends (I thought) and went to many parties.

And then I start college and my depressing thoughts start to seep back in. Freshman year I had hopes. Sophomore year I became jaded with the whole college thing because I didn't know what I wanted to do. The summer between my sophomore and junior year I thought had an epiphany but I ultimately didn't. I only knew that I wanted to graduate and the easiest way for me to get out was a degree in English. So in December I'll be finishing that up.

But for months in my junior year all I could think about was killing myself. Now that I'm a little older and slightly more experienced I rationalized my death to a point. I would say I would kill myself but only after my mother and grandmother had died to save them grief. But then that led to me fantasizing about their deaths and how I would react emotionally before killing myself.

I even started a sort of diary then that would be my suicide note. I wrote in a composition notebook every night for a while about my frustrations with my life but I stopped after a while because my mood shifted for reasons I can't quite place a finger on.

That summer I decided to start running.  I did run and I felt good about myself. I felt a bit healthier and when I saw my improvement (for example running for three miles without stopping when I started and couldn't even run for half a mile without stopping) I felt good.

But then I gambled it all away one night when I ran to hard, didn't give myself time to cool down and then went out to party and woke up the next day with the worst pains in my leg. I couldn't run for over a year and I know I need to get back into that habit now because I currently don't do it.

But it brings me to my current point where the theme for my life in the year 2010 is: Health and Debt.

I'll be graduating in December with a useless degree and no real job prospects. I not only have debt from student loans but also credit card debt thanks to having to buy expensive books for my classes. I had what I believe was a panic or anxiety attack back in November for reasons that I'm sure was related to my health and debt.

In the past couple of months I've had an ear infection due to a sinus infection. And now I'm experiencing an infection on my finger due to a burn. These seem like small things but couple that with the fact that I've got no friends, no future, debt that I don't need and can't afford, having to pretend to be happy and positive to keep my job and it's just soul crushing.

Everything about living my life right now I just can't understand why it's got to be this way. I grew up working class. My mother can't help me. The only relationship I have with my father will be absolved at the end of this year, not that I really had much of a relationship with him anyway. I filled out the FAFSA this year and so I got to see my mother's tax returns and I made more than her last year by about a thousand dollars but we both make shit.

Why should my health by tied to money when there is nothing absolute about fiat currency?

I'm annoyed with everything. I fantasize about killing myself every other day. I never cry but I cried hard last month and prayed for death. I'm not a religious person but I looked to the sky and asked for a quick death.

I feel like I'm paralyzed with forces pressing in on me on all sides. I figure if I can't control anything else I'd be able to control my death. But I suppose I'm here because I just want someone to listen to me. I just don't have anyone who can listen to me."
"What if the fact that I'm depressed has nothing to do with the fact that I'm unemployed since August 2009. Being unemployed is just another failure on top of all the other failures I had. I realize I'm just self-defeating but why should it be different? I just realize my life has been failure after failure after failure, starting at the moment when I was supposed to enter adult life in 2000. Something tells me it's not worth doing it anymore, what if I sleep in an hotel for a night, calling a hooker so that I could at least have  a small idea of what interaction with a real girls could be before I finally end it all? I can't keep telling me, unemployment is out my control because we're in a recession and stupid shit like that. Anyway, I've been living a self defeating life for more than ten years."
"I think at like the age of nine, when you lose all your innocence, someone should hand kids cards that says: Welcome to life. It sucks. People are stupid and they make mistakes; don't worry you'll be fucking up too.

If you are lucky, you might be able to reach the age of 19, and oh you know all those drugs and sex that will be fun to try later on? They'll be complicated and won't be enough to satisfy your desires. Who the fuck knows where your life will be at that age, heck no one really ever gets to know where they'll be in the future. 

So all those expectations? Just lose em. Have as much fun as you can. Love your friends, your family, and as many strangers as you can. Be the best person you feel you can be, and just treat people how you want to be treated. Learn from as many mistakes you make. If you believe in some sort of god or maybe even an atheist, it doesn't matter they're all the same (atheists just believe in one less gods than everyone else), then make sure that you + god = good works. (or at least you = good works). Avoid fucked up people as much as possible. Avoid all drama and distractions when possible. If you can, forgive as many people as possible, and avoid being selfish and wasting your time feeling like a victim. 


You only have one life. After you're dead, you're nothing. You won't go to heaven. There won't be a hell. There won't be anything for you. There is only today. And today might even be the last of it. All that heaven bullshit ain't good enough. And as awesome as it might see to see the people you hate go to hell, you're only wasting your time hating them now and wasting your time wishing them hell. Karma's a bitch, don't worry it will catch up to them.


Live your life, and if you're not happy with what your doing then don't be afraid of starting all over again. Suicide is also stupid. Everyone thinks about it. Everyone gets to that point when they get all pissed and alone. Don't be like everyone; be you. Be happy being you, and don't let circumstances or people define you and your happiness. 


Happiness might be a futile pursuit at times, but it's better than wallowing in sadness and being like everyone posting fml facebook status updates. Don't be afraid to ask for help, sometimes a hug or conversation helps. And if all the world feels too heavy on your shoulders, then stop and just breathe. Take a break from all that worry, sleep early, wake up early, and start the day all over again. You want to live. Then just live, accept the suckiness of it all, and just enjoy the little things. Sometimes, that's all you've got.

[short response to a friend. edited to fit in forgotten things]"
"Basically, I'm feeling like crap. I feel myself getting more and more unhappy every day. I often wonder if I'd be better off dead; if the people I knew would be better off without me. I haven't properly contemplated suicide, but I almost feel as though I deserve it.


I really don't like who I am. I don't feel attractive one bit, I feel like I'm useless and have no place in the world and never will have. I feel guilty all the time, particularly about the way I'm feeling. I really don't have anyone to talk to and feel lonely a lot. I have some friends but I couldn't tell any of them about this. They'd probably make me feel even worse, saying I'm over reacting or whatever.


I think I need help but, to be honest, I'm scared of phoning the doctor and asking for an appointment. The idea of discussing my feelings out loud is terrifying, not to mention I'm worried they'll end up sticking me on pills and leaving me to it.


I would really appreciate any advice you may have, and thanks for reading."
"I have been getting better, I think. Really, it's not so much that I get the thoughts, I don't feel like I do like I have before. But right now I feel terrible. 

Earlier in the day, I got the slightest hint of that ""rush of happiness"" I've been missing for so long. It made me hopeful. I really did feel better because I talked to my dad and told him about panic attacks I'd get since he saw me get one twice in a day. He is a smart guy so when I told him i thought they were due to a traumatic event that occurred in April he  didn't solve the problem or anything but hearing him speak about the problem and kind of define in clear terms I hadn't considered really helped, I haven't panicked since then I feel because I know more about why it was happening, and the panic attacks seem to be what triggered the thoughts. This is all pretty much to say, I was on the up in a great way. I started exercising and eating better. Not manic, but naturally happier. 

But ever since the thoughts I've become more sensitive to the thought of suicide, when it is brought up I guess. I know that me noticing it more is confirmation bias, and not that it is their fault or it should be censored, but they way people address it kinda gets to me. Every armchair intellectual speaks to how noble suicide is, and there's this undertone I sometimes pick up on that it is inevitable for some people. It just gets to me, especially since one of the hardest parts of my thoughts have been the idea that they are inevitable, that I can't avoid it. When I read or think these things, though I don't think suicide is noble, it puts me in a mood I am uncomfortable with. It's hard to say, maybe it just makes me sad and upset since I don't really feel suicidal during them but they make me think I haven't really gotten better, and just generally pessimistic. These things affect me so much I think because of how traumatic the thoughts were, and what set me off right now is that I was reading about how roof access isn't allowed from some place I was looking at living, and I thought to myself, ""I may jump from a roof, or through a window."" It wasn't planning, I really want to get over this, I have never wanted to die, my suicidal thoughts aren't about escaping from pain but really just feeling hopeless about everything. I guess it made me scared that I would become uncontrollable or unstoppably suicidal, and not as reasonable as I am right now. 


cliffs
-doing better mostly
-I can get bad moods that put me in a bad state of mind usually when suicide is mentioned.
-scared I will become uncontrollably suicidal at one point, that I am ""destined"" to kill myself (Not exactly but it kind of sums up a fear).

Thanks.
"
"I'm the type of guy that is aka pushover. I never stand up for myself but for some bizarre reason I alway stand up for others and have got myself in a mess countless of times. I used to be extremely outgoing until I went abroad to study and experienced bullying. At one stage I was even the bully.

Two things in my life that really gets my blood boiling. How I get treated at work and home. I consider myself to be extremely good at my job. 1/2 my colleagues loves me but a minority of them takes advantage of my personality. For example when someone tries to use me as a scapegoat, I always takes the blame. When people passes their own work to me I always say yes without even thinking. However usually 1 min later I have this anger issue that I hold it in and I'll hold a grudge against the other person until they say something nice to me then I instantly forgive them, I hate myself for doing that but it's like built into me. But I always tell myself that I'm too weak and this is normal politics at work to calm myself down.

At home, it is pretty much the same. In terms of job, money and qualification I'm the best in my family. My siblings all see me as a threat and competition and have been telling numerous lies to my parents. My parents doesn't believe it but after years of BS they make up, even false accusation turn real. So they think I have massive ego and doesn't want to speak to them because I'm so successful at work. But I told them numerous of times that my sibling sees me as a threat, I want to stay out of trouble so I'll stay out of their way. I work for a charity and I do a bit of voluntary work on the weekends to help out the local community. My siblings has been talking behind me all these years and now even all voluntary work, my parents thinks that I'm doing it for a reason to benefit myself or to avoid seeing them. Even when my siblings are making false accusation infront of me, my parents tells me to keep quiet and take it all in because I'm a man and should ignore them. This really really gets me and I have flashbacks of killling them while trying to hold it in.

I'm seeking for some help because I think I'm really losing it. I've started getting incredibly realistic and violent dreams a couple of times in the last few months. Eg stabbing my own family member to death with blood pouring out their body. I woke myself from the adrenaline rush and my own laughter. I got tears in my eyes but I don't know if it is from joy or sadness. I think the reason why I haven't killed them all yet is that I have a partner in my life that is dependent on me. Sometimes I wish she wasn't that attached to me so I can kill all my family but saying that I think I'm probably a coward and won't do it.

Do I have anger mangement issue? I don't think I'm a psycho or anything but when the anger kicks in I really can't control myself. It feels like everything around me has stopped and I can only hear my heart beating and feel the blood flowing through my body.

None of my friends or my partner knows anything about this. They just know that I don't get on with my family. I don't think I have anyone that I can speak to about it because everyone just thinks I have a great life because my parents are fairly rich so I have nothing to worry.

I really need help or advices on this, either to stop this anger coming up again or maybe to change the way on how I interact with my colleagues or family."
"Can't sleep thanks to suicidal thoughts.  Haven't had them in over a year but they've resurfaced thanks to being put on Seroquel.  Took my 2nd and last pill of that shit Tuesday night thanks to suicidal thoughts on Wednesday, but for some reason they've resurfaced.

Just wanted to, I dunno, talk or something.  Get my mind off it or get it out of my system.

[Insert methods here] Not going to do any of them, too afraid of not succeeding, but still, not pleasant.  WHEE."
"Sorry I keep running here. I just don't have anyone else to vent to. Why is night the worst time? I mean, I usually feel this bad during the day, but at night, its like multiplied by 1,000,000. Every night I feel like there's no point to living. If I wasn't so low energy all the time, I think I would put forth the effort into actually doing myself in. "
"since the last time I cut myself.  I feel good about it, but did not know who to tell.  I am no longer with my previous girlfriend who was with me at the time.  Many of my close friends who I have told kept it in the back of their minds where thy don;t care to think about it.  

I am proud of myself that I haven't done it, but I just needed somebody to tell.

Thanks."
"I feel overwhelmed and have been giving serious thought to ending this sad existence. i'm 25 and nothing has changed in 10 years i cannot face another 10 years of this. i have no qualifications, no friends, i feel like a burden on my family. i want to just disappear without hurting my family, they are the only reason i have not killed myself yet. anyone here had panics attacks or agoraphobia before ?"
"
I'm about to do something I might regret.

The family is out for the 4th of July and I'm supposed to be with them, but I'm just not in the mood.  And since they're all gone I guess I've let my mind wander.  I'm going to get some shit later on tonight for not showing up, but I don't plan on staying around.  I don't think I'm allowed to get into specifics, but I'm basically trying to OD on a drug that's difficult to OD on without alcohol.  So I planned on getting hammered and then taking all of my pills.  If I'm being honest I'll most likely survive and just feel like shit for a few days.  Worst case scenario, I pass out for a few days and then wake up feeling like shit.  

I really believe that there isn't anything on earth that could make me happy.  I wish I could explain it better than that, but that's the gist of my feelings at the moment.  I've tried so many different things to be happy.  A lot of the things I tried were pulled straight from this subreddit.  I'm just sick of it all.

"
"I've been dealing with depression my entire life and it sucks. The past year has been different though.

I have become so much of a perfectionist when it comes to my school work that I really don't know what to do anymore.

I spent hours doing homework every night and writing out multiple essays for even short answer questions. I would get so stressed out that during school If I didn't get a question right or didn't understand a topic including something that we hadn't learned yet it would ruin the rest of my day.

This basically happened for the rest if the school year and I pretty much stopped talking to ny friends all together.

When finals came I got so stressed that at one point I threw up and passed out. I ended up getting 100%'s on 5/7 finals I took and 98% on the other 2. My teachers told me that I had the highest grade on all of those out of my entire grade and was told I should be proud. Instead I feel like its nothing to be proud of because it only means that the rest of my grade is stupid. Why would I want to be proud of being slightly above that? Also if I was so smart then why did I miss a couple problems on the other tests?

It's been over a month since school got out and I have done nothing all summer but sleep and sit in my room. I still feel that I fucked up but for some stupid reason I am impatient about the next year starting even though it will cause me so much stress again. 

I have been seeing a psychologist for a couple months now and been on all sorts of meds to help with my depression but they usually work for like a week and then the effect wears off.

Is there something wrong with me that I put so much stress on myself? Has anyone else here dealt with this before?"
"Fear of drowning and everything's wet. 


I haven't breathed in years.


Wrong side of the bed since '91.


I'm scared out of my fucking crooked soul and I can't handle my life anymore. I'm terrified she'll learn how crazy I am.


When I was a kid I've told myself I'd go a year without crying, since then I've realized I can't make it more than a month without thinking of killing myself.

Fuck. Does anyone else exist?"
"So…where to begin?

I'm a 30 year old IT technician with 6 years at my current job. I have dysthymia (long term, mild depression) and it seems to be genetic as depression goes up my Mother's side of the family tree. 

Emotional abuse has always been a constant with me. Since a young age, I found I was always the outcast or the butt of jokes. In high school the teasing and the abuse got much worse, partly from my own doing (lashing out at times) and partly from the doing of others.  I had friends, to be sure, but I didn't feel comfortable around them. I started ruminating during my time at school: ""God I suck I suck I suck. Why doesn't anyone like me?"" 

I graduated from High School and in College I was finally able to grow a bit. I didn't do too well in my classes, though. With unhindered freedom I wasted time doing things that did no benefit to me academically. No drugs and not much alcohol, but a substantial amount of time with computers. I met my future wife there, though only as a friend at first. She was dating my Sophomore year's roommate.

I graduated college in May of 2003 and moved back home. I got a few small jobs, but nothing permanent. Finally, in June of 2004 I started working with an IT company that had me traveling all over three states fixing, installing, and helping our customers with their products. 

I helped with presales, did installations by myself, and was left on the help desk for months at a time by myself. Each day was somewhere between an 8 and a 16 hour day, depending on the amount of driving I'd have to do. I was really bad at asking for help (I should be able to do this!) and my boss, while wanting to help me *get* whatever I needed to complete the job, wanted to be as ""hands off"" as possible in terms of a manager. And I started making mistakes. Boy did I make mistakes. I made mistakes in paperwork. I made mistakes while on customer sites. 

Each mistake caused me so much anxiety because each one caused my boss to blow his top. He was emotionally abusive like the bullies in school, but far worse. He'd threaten and scream and curse and belittle. This went on for a little over a year before my first suicide attempt. 

I was living in my apartment, at the time. My fiancee didn't live with me, but she might as well have considering the amount of time we spent at each other's places. I don't remember the cause, but I decided one day that I was going to kill myself. I let all of my phone calls go to voicemail and locked the doors. I'd been preparing for a while for my end. I'd hidden away a charcoal grill and was planning on using it to cause carbon monoxide poisoning. Also, I didn't want help. My removal from the world was the best course of action, as far as I was concerned.

I dumped all of my clothes out of the closet and removed everything flammable. I then jammed the bottom of the door with a towel to cause keep the smoke from escaping. Hell, I even had a fire extinguisher with me in case something caught. I was worthless, but the building surely wasn't. Odd, huh? I had everything ready to go. Within inches. All I had to do was light the charcoal and in a short period of time, I'd just pass out.

I couldn't. I cried and cried and I wrestled with my inner demons. I eventually fell asleep with the lighter in my hand. I woke up and called my parents for help and drove to their house. Somehow, my boss showed me compassion. I still had a job after all that.

I saw a psychiatrist and was immediately put on Lexapro. I started to improve. My work lightened up for a bit. In time, I was moved from Lexapro to Cymbalta because I started having stronger depressive symptoms and the Dr. felt that I'd reached the limit of what Lexapro could provide. 

For a time, things were alright. My wife and I got married in December of 2006. It was a cold wedding, but good. Many of our friends came to see us, even some from across the pond. 

My boss was still abusive, however. I started going downhill. About a year ago, I purchased my allotted prescription medications for anxiety with the intent of taking all of them. I had friends coming over that weekend for my birthday and I couldn't ruin their enjoyment with my ruin. So I'd planned on waiting until after they were gone to off myself. A week turned into a month.

I kept the pills in my car. Firstly so my wife wouldn't know about them. Secondly, I didn't want her to come home and find me. My plan was to go to some rest stop in the middle of nowhere and take the pills. Ideally, by the time anyone came to check on me I'd be long gone.  I kept wanting to enact this plan over and over and over again, but I never did. 

About 2 months ago, though, things finally hit their breaking point. My boss yelled and screamed at me on the way home from work and I just snapped. I came home and took my stash of pills. All of them. Even some benadryl, though I have no idea why. I went to the bed and went to sleep. This was Thursday.

I don't remember my wife finding me several hours later, the ambulance ride, the emergency room, or being set up in intensive care. There are flashes of memory here and there, though. I remember asking my mom what happened. I remember patting my sister's arm. When my in-laws asked me if I knew who they were, I apparently told them that they were some hobos off the street. I don't remember that.

It wasn't until sometime Friday late afternoon that I finally came to. I had an IV drip, catheter, and while I wasn't tied to the bed, I did have someone watching me 24x7. Family came to see me. We talked. I explained the why and we talked  about my options for the future. My wife came to see me and just the look on her face. I broke my wife. I would take it all back to undo just that.

I was discharged from the hospital proper and moved to a psych ward on Sunday. I wasn't released until Thursday. The following Tuesday I started on a partial hospitalization program with group therapy. Group therapy galore. 4 hours a day of group therapy, role play, and other exercises to help boost both our self esteem and to practice appropriate coping strategies.

My biggest breakthrough was finally being able to tell my wife how I feel. When we'd get into a disagreement or I was upset, I became very tight lipped and held it all in. Things are slowly progressing forward and on Friday I was finally released from the partial hospitalization program, 5 weeks after I started. 

And this story? Why did I spill my life's problems onto the public internet? Partly to come to terms with what I did. The major reason, though, is that I hope my story will inspire those looking to commit suicide to look for help, instead. There is a help out there. You are worth so much more than what you think. 

tl;dr: Emotionally abusive boss drives me to attempt suicide. Wife finds me and $20,000 in hospital bills later, I'm physically better. Five weeks of intensive group therapy later, I'm just starting my emotional growth to be a better person. 

So…ermm..AMA"
"This isn't a throw-away account.

Where to start, hm... I know I need to keep it brief - I was talking to a ""Narrative therapist"" for 2 hours, and only got 3/4's of the way through my story.

I'm a MtF transsexual, I was sexually abused a little bit by my mum when I was about 8 years old. She was bi-polar, and my dad spent most of the time drunk - I think he was clinically depressed.

She'd swing from overly caring to abusive physically and mentally within an hour, knives had been involved and being pushed down the stars a couple of times in my past. My dad was chased out of the house when I was 11 by my mum waving a knife at him after an epic battle. A few more years passed, and I ended up looking after her for the last 5 years of her life. She died suddenly of a heart attack about 7 years ago. My sister and auntie stole my inheritance - probate fraud it's called.
She was also a very staunch Roman Catholic - and I learned that being gay was disgusting and filthy.

She controlled everything in my life, and I'm really struggling in being dependent.

I lost a lot of friends when I transitioned at 24 years old... I'm 33 now, and I don't know any new people very well - I tend to stay in the house when I'm not in work.

Trying to handle bills of any kind terrifies me - and I start feeling the need to self harm.

I self harmed for a few years around the age of 24... but I managed to get over it.

I've overdosed a couple of times in the past - years apart,  on Amitriptaline. It's turned into my ""coping strategy"".

My partner for 9 years is splitting her time between me, and another love-interest - which is a long and complicated story, but it means she's not around for 2 or 3 weeks a month.

I did 2 years of work after getting my most recent job without more than 3 or 4 days off.

This year, I've crashed and burned. My last day of sick-pay got used on Friday, and I'm supposed to be back in work this week... I just can't do it - my anxiety is too high.

I've had two appointments with a ""Narrative therapist"" in the last month, and all I've done is talk over my past a lot like in this post, but in more detail. All I've got out of it is digging up old painful memories that have left me upset for a day or two after each visit.

I'm also stuck in transition - I've been on HRT 9 years, and I pass as female ok, but I've not had the surgery, so I'm stuck in-between. I can't afford the time off - 12 weeks!

I don't have any family or friends, I've just got a part-time girlfriend and a once-every-three-weeks Narrative councillor, and a cock I can't get rid of. =)

A few months ago I was put on 75mg of Venlafaxine, then it was raised to 150mg Venlafaxine (generic) that I was put on a few weeks ago, and it seems to be screwing my mood up more. My partner tells me the generics have a bad reaction for some people - but it sounds silly to me... maybe I need to reduce the dose?

I'm making an appointment with the doctor tomorrow to ask him.

I have no money, no more sick days, no libido, half a girlfriend, and nearly no more energy to carry on.

I get embarrassed when people look at me for too long, even my partner... I'm that ugly. I really hate myself.

I was a bright kid with a ""superior intellect"" in primary school (so the shrinnk who assessed me said in the letter my mum got), and people told me I'd go far... I have gone far, straight down, kicking and screaming all the way.

This depression I've got keeps re-occurring and I think it may be from the childhood problems I had? I thought seeing a psychiatrist would help me over come it... maybe CBT?

The Narrative therapy appears to be finding situations in the past where positive results occurred - I really find it hard to find any... and I don't think it will help with my terror of bills, or leaving the house.
I think it's making me feel worse because it's digging up memories I've tried very hard to forget.

That leads me to tomorrow...

Since this re-occurrence of depression, I've slipped really far - I think my job security now is non-existent, I'm not reliable. No sick pay means my rent is going to get behind (more), I don't even have a place to put my possessions to keep them dry or a couch to crash on.

I sometimes think my partner's only staying around so she doesn't break my heart, and to look after me. She's been handling my bills since we met. I just do ""the work"" thing. If so, I'm really grateful to her.

A few days ago I took 3 Amitriptyline to knock me out. The doctors surgery I go to refuse to give me valium, or sleeping pills, despite me being really anxious, and feeling suicidal sometimes. Even though I've told them I've successfully slept through suicidal feelings in the past.

They knocked me out - and I felt a bit better when I woke up a day later.

Thanks to my doctors for *nothing*. They just say ""Go to A &amp; E"". I'd tried that in the past - I'd sat in A &amp; E for 3 hours or so, then assessed then sent home. I have no idea what was supposed to happen.

I'm trying to think of a way forward... I can't.

If I have more time off work - I'm signing my own P45. I'm also getting into worse financial problems.

If I go in to work on Tuesday... forcing myself to go, I might panic like I did on Thursday last week and run off in tears with everything circling around in my head... it was overwhelming.
Even thinking about contacting work to say I wont be in on Tuesday makes me burst into tears.

It didn't take me much to realise that at this point in my life, it's not a knee jerk reaction to wanting to kill myself - I've looked through my past and it's been a steady but ever tapering of happiness and choices, and an increase in depression, anxiety, fear, and self loathing. (did I mention I liked the sexual abuse sometimes?)
I had hobbies - juggling complicated 3 and 5 ball patterns, (Rubensteins and things), Ice skating I'd get people coming up to me and asking when I was competing. (It's just a hobby), I love pencil art - I'm not bad at portraits. I'm a photographer - had my pictures on the front of magazines, came runner up in New Scientist's 50th Anniversary competition. I've designed book covers, I'm the best programmer my university tutors had seen... I have and always will suck at bowling.
I'm mentioning these because some of them were ""targets"" I wanted to get to in life. I've achieved them. Ace.

But the depression's back again, it always comes back and I'm swept away in it's death-grip.

It's beating me into the gutter, homeless, jobless...

I've played life's games, kicked some ass, achieved my goals, but it's taken every last ounce of strength I've had.

So tomorrow, around bed-time, I'm fairly resigned to taking 3 grams of Amitriptyline and settling down to sleep. I'm sensitive to the chemical so I doubt I'd be waking up.

What I feel I need is about 3 months away somewhere... get effective treatment, see a shrink and do some CBT... have no debts to worry about, also I could then resign from work so they can find someone who actually turns up. It's a great job - great people... but I'm messing it all up.

That break would be nice, but I don't see it happening, so I feel that cutting my ""nose-dive"" short is the most emotionally humane thing I can do for myself.

You see, I don't want to be there when I get sacked, I don't want to be there when my eviction notice comes through, I don't want to be there to see the last £5 leave my bank account on food. Everything after this Tuesday's going to get really messy. All against a background of self-loathing, no self esteem, anxiety, panic, and all the usual clinical depressive symptoms you see.  =(

(Weirdly I sleep 10-15 hours a day, which is completely opposite to what depression usually does)"
"I know people are going to say 'ah your only 17, wait until your 38 then bitch about your problems' that's all I hear from everyone, I've been depressed for about 2 years now, socially I'm really terrible, just to highlight how terrible, my teachers honestly thought I was autistic, I'm extremely clever, however with all my intellect all I can see is a bleak future with nothing to look forward to, relationships don't interest me, my parents have decided my sister is worth more than me, and my friends aren't really my friends. I have been contemplating suicide for over 3 months now, everyday saying to myself; ''Just see what tomorrows like...'' now it feels like everyday is getting worse than before, I'm on Risperidone which is just rotting my brain, and in therapy which helps temporarily but I feel my stories ending so to speak.    
Tl;Dr: Depressed for 3 years, contemplating suicide for 3 months  

Thanks for your time anyway (I'm not planning anything yet don't worry, I have another meaningless and monotonous day ahead of me at least.)"
"You had the gun in your mouth put couldn't pull the trigger; you were standing on the bridge but couldn't jump; you had the rope for your noose but couldn't figure out how to tie the damn knot.

You're alive, you're safe, and having blown your shot at self slaughter and informed your intimates and mental health providers of what went down, you no longer have any suicidal intention or method in mind.

Your will to die is in the safe zone, but your will to live and sense of hope aren't where they ought to be either. The logistics of your life are less than ideal, but you're lucky enough to have mental health care coverage and caring parents of meaningful financial capacity.

What do you think are the important next steps? The ""you"" I employed, if it's not obvious, is largely rhetorical: this is more or less the situation I find myself in. The acute crisis has waned, but I gotta use the resources that I'm fortunate enough to have (qualified therapist &amp; psychopharmacologist; aforementioned parents; some smart, caring friends; mental health care coverage) wisely to try to make life feel less painful and more worth living.

All comments will be appreciated. Or at least most. Commenters with advice about acquiring a spiritual or religious foundation need not apply; I'm afraid I'm one of 'em reddit hardlining atheists, and that's not going to change any sooner than my height or eye color.

Thanks.
"
"So I just finished university. I pretty much hated it the whole time, didn't make many friends, broke up with gf during first year and never found anyone else. Hated my course which was mathematics. Thought it was worth sticking through it just because it was a good degree to have and it took a lot of hard work to get there in the first place. Felt suicidal at different points throughout but never acted on it and always hoped it would get better. Well here I am after three years, and I basically failed all my third year final exams simply because I didn't do any work at all the whole year or attend a single lecture. Got to the point where everything about maths just made me physically sick. Everything I was learning had no connection to the real world or applications in any job I would end up doing. It was all purely abstract.


I just opened the online lecture notes a day before each exam and tried to memorise as much as possible. It worked last year but the final exams were much harder. I managed to scrape a third-class honours degree (40-49%) which basically means nothing to any employers since every graduate job requires a minimum of a 2.i (60-69%). So now I've finished uni and I'm about 20k in debt because of it with nothing really to show for it. Some people don't do very well in their degrees because they are too busy having such an awesome social life, well I didn't have that either. I'm an intelligent person and was top of my class throughout school before university but I'm going to have to get a crap job as no-one will hire me now.



Also I have now moved back home with my parents who are ashamed of me for fucking up and see me as a failure. They are now being really strict and are forcing me to go to look for any old job ASAP, when I haven't even decided what I want to do. I have to live by their new rules at home now and they are treating me completely different now. I don't really want to waste my time doing a pointless low-level job for minimum wage when all my school mates who did worse than me at school are now graduating with their first class degrees and have jobs at investment banks and accountancy firms. I just don't see the point in anything any more. I see myself as a failure, my self esteem is non-existent. I've also put on about 40lbs in the last three years which hasn't helped my confidence.



I regret pretty much every decision I have made for the past three years and yet now I am forced to live with myself. I am also broke so I have no choice to go looking for a job but it just doesn't seem worth it when I could just end it all. I see everyone else shooting off travelling around the world or starting an amazing job and I really feel I have nothing to live for now as I will never be able to have that life.

I don't know if I have it in me to be successful without a degree really. It's obviously possible as people have done it before but in today's world I feel worthless. I don't really have any special skills or work experience either as I have been pretty much keeping myself to myself and hiding away for the last few years. I just don't know what to do with myself now. I broke down today into tears for the first time in a while and although I don't see me killing myself yet, I fear I'm sinking into a deep depression that I will not be able to escape. Don't know why I'm posting this but if anyone has any words of encouragement or has failed their degree and been in a similar situation I would love some motivation and advice as to why this doesn't have to be the end of everything for me. I want to just disappear off the face of the earth just because I'm so embarrassed about fucking up my life and don't want anyone finding out just how shit I've become seeing as everyone expected me to go on to be rich, successful and live an amazing life when I left school."
"I'm not really sure where to start. This could turn into a novel but it's not worth making anyone read that much.

Quick intro: I'm a mid 20's male, unmarried with no s/o, went to college and working as a web developer.

I've been depressed for a long time. I was sexually abused by a male babysitter when I was 11-12, and I've never dealt with it. My parents/family found out after I smartened up and talked to my brother, and he was prosecuted and sentenced (and has since been released). I don't really want to say much about details (for obvious reasons) but even though I was young and naive, I still think I should have been able to see this his bullshit. I know that's just adult me talking, but it doesn't make me feel any less like it's my fault.

I started having sex with girls within a year or so after, but it never really felt like it was supposed to, it felt forced. I remember being attracted to girls before (I was at the age where Kelly from SBTB was my dream girl) but I haven't felt anything close to that feeling since, for anyone. For a while I was afraid I was gay (I have nothing against gay people, but who would want to be gay and have to deal with all the problems that can come with it?) but I think if that was the case I would actually find someone attractive by now. In a passing thought I was worried I might be a pedophile, but dismissed the idea and didn't think about it again for a long time.

In high-school I was still bothered by the fact that all my peers were all in relationships, etc, and constantly thinking about girls and sex while I had to constantly fake an understanding just to fit in. I started using a lot of drugs to forget worries like this, and at my worst would continuously push my boundaries of consumption/drug cocktail mixes in a half-assed attempt to kill myself. I knew I wanted to die, but I still felt guilty for the effects it would have on other people. A few of my friends had committed suicide previously, and I know how hard and unfair it is on everyone else.

Despite the heavy drug use I got good grades in school and went to college. By now I had stopped using and instead focused all my time on programming projects and other more positive tasks to keep myself from dwelling on my problems. In college I felt even more out of place as my lack of a sexual identity was even more obvious to me (and I feared it was to others). By now I had started to notice that I paid more attention to children than anyone else. If there was a family of four walking ahead, I would notice the children first and probably barely glance at the adults. By ""notice"" I don't mean in a sexual way, I just mean I would be able to tell you the color of their shirt or some other detail or if asked I might say there are only two people there, ignoring the adults altogether. I didn't think this made me a pedophile or even should be something to concerned about, but it made me start worrying that I might be a monster like my babysitter.

I was worrying about this constantly, and being around people who talked about sex or girls started to be real problem for me, as I started to feel jealous and spiteful that everyone else took their normalcy for granted. I started to form friendships based on this, and tried to associate with people where picking up girls wasn't a high priority. Obviously it still came up every now and again, and even though these are people I would lay down in traffic for I secretly hate them for everything they have that I don't. 

It seems so petty and stupid and I'm ashamed for it, but I just want to be like everyone else. I'm tired of being afraid to go out and have a good time for fear of bursting out into tears for seemingly no reason at all. I can't stay overnight anywhere because sometimes I'll have a dream about the abuse and will wet my bed, something I started doing shortly after it happened and then stopped for 10 years until it recently started again. 

I'm still haunted by it in daily thought and dreams, reliving what happened over and over to the point of being able to remember small details like clothing and how he smelled and yet being unable to change anything. I know the longer I dwell on it the more it's going to hurt, but I can't stop. Every few weeks I'll break down for a few days and just lay there crying, unable to work. I originally quit my first job after college and and I was having problems missing work and I rather that deal with the problem I just quit and made money doing some black-market type work. This was supposed to be the point where things changed, I was doing something I truly enjoyed and I didn't have to worry about a lot of the things that made holding traditional jobs. 

I guess that's been a theme in how I dealt with this. I never deal with anything, I just find a new way to get by for a new period of time and hope some magical fix will come around. When I originally quit my job to start the black market work, I though the switch would make me happier and be the start of a turn around. It slowly sank in that I should be happy after this switch but wasn't, and I fell into a deeper depression, stopped answering anyone and lost most of my contacts in the ""non-traditional"" work. This was my last desperate effort to fix my life without actually addressing the deep rooted problems.

After I ran out of money I was forced to find a real job. I found one that I actually like and it was probably responsible for keeping me alive for a few more months. I was really not doing well awake for 20+ hours a day inside my own head, and this was a good way to keep me occupied and out of the house. But now, that's not enough. I'm starting to break down more and more and falling into a rut again, and before long I'm going to need the next thing that will prop me up for a few more weeks. 

Obviously the solution would be to actually deal with the problems and seek help, etc. I've been putting it off for a so long I just don't think I can deal with it. It's going to a long and tough road, and I frankly don't feel like my life as it is is worth saving. I've been talking with a friend and shared some of the details, and he has been absolutely phenomenal and understanding. Without him I would have probably died years ago. He knows about the abuse and how depressed I am, but I haven't been able to get the courage to tell him that I'm afraid I might be a pedophile. And I'm even more afraid to find out that I am one, because I would have to kill myself on principal. 

I'm honestly not sure why I'm writing this or what I hope to accomplish by doing so. I already know that I want to take the easy way out and get it over with, but I suppose there will be a part of me that wants to live, probably until the very end. I feel bad for the effect my suicide will have on others, but I am miserable and can't let the feelings of others be the decision maker anymore. I've already had letters for family and friends, etc, written for months in preparation for my suicide, and I know where and when I want to do it.

I hope this is somewhat coherent, I'm not in a very good state of mind right now and kind of babbling I'm sure. "
"I KNOW my POV is askew. Looking back I can remember the change.
It's so hard to remember that right now.
I feel drugged.

I woke up feeling drugged. I was surprised yesterday - I found out that depression stops people sleeping, I sleep so much it's worrying.

I instantly started crying, and stumbled into the study. It's so hard to move.

My thoughts are circling overdosing... constantly, it's such a good idea.

It's not really - I just think that. the POV thing, you know?

I keep zoning out - I'll ""wake up"" after I catch myself staring off into space for a few moments.

Lots of coffee, 4 tramadol - I'm a tiniest bit more awake.

Made doctors appointment - 4pm today, I've got no anti-d's left. it'll be late today when i take them.

Phoned my boss, told them the appointment time. I think I may have slurred my words a bit. (Why?!)

--- 

I emailed later:

Hi,
I'll be on top of things and back to work as fast as I can be, promise.

If it's ok, can I work from home tomorrow? Just for the day, to make sure my heads clear? %%%% can set my work phone to my mobile.

I'm sorry for being so disruptive!

---

They replied:

lets see if the doctor says your okay to come back tomorrow.....

He may sign you off for a little while.

---

My boss is a fantastic boss, the best I've had. Normally if we've got a snuffle they'll try and get us to come in (it's standard isnt it) - what did I sound like for them to say that?
Maybe I sound worse than I feel?

Maybe my tiredness is key to all this? Doesn't Venlafaxine stop REM sleep? Maybe I've not had any REM sleep for weeks, and it's caught up?

I must not OD, can't. This is only a skewed POV, and I'll get better.
It's hard to believe, but I'm trying.

I'm working on getting better - I'm putting everything I've got into it.

My question is : why are some of my symptoms not congruent with depression? Am I missing something key?"
"Reading through other posts, I relate so much to what other people here are feeling.  I don't really want to write out my whole story, or describe the mess of emotions that I don't even understand.  I'll try to stick to the gist.


Pulling myself out of depression was the most difficult thing I have ever done.  I honestly don't think I can do it again, and I've fallen much deeper this time.  I'm going to therapy, I'm taking meds, and I'm trying to do anything that I think will make me feel better.  It's not really working.


I haven't spoken to a single person about my current urge to self harm.  I cut for a period of about 9 months 4 years ago.  It was somewhat attention seeking, and I ended up more ashamed than anything else.  I was able to stop mostly because I realized those 2 things.  I hated those scars for such a long time and I swore I would never do it again.


Since then, I have rarely wanted to hurt myself.  I very occasionally resorted to pinching myself (hard) when I was extremely emotional.  As I've fallen deeper into the depression I've found myself pulling my hair and banging my head against the wall.  I won't pretend this is good behavior, it just doesn't leave scars.


It's gotten to the point that I really want to cut again.  It's not attention seeking this time.  I have been good about getting professional help and making it known to friends and family that I am having trouble.  My current urges to cut are the only thing I have not discussed with anyone.  I know it won't help in the end, but the urge for what relief it does bring is still there and is intense.  


I know this isn't exactly right for this subreddit, but from my searches it seems to be the most appropriate place.  I needed to put words to it, and I really just want to talk to people.  There are too many people with expectations and unsolicited advice in my life and all it brings up right now is shame and anger (which is not to say I wouldn't appreciate advice here, because I would).  Anything you think might be helpful would be appreciated, and if anyone wants another online buddy, I would love to just chat.  Thanks for reading. :)


PS I do plan to talk to my therapist at my next appointment, but that's not for a few weeks.  He and my psychiatrist know I am not doing well in general.


TL;DR Fighting the urge to cut. Just want someone to talk to."
"Well, today I started taking my new pills. I've been taking smaller and smaller doses of my old medication for about a week- it's called Celexa in the US. The last two days I took nothing. Freaked out several times, to such a point that I was almost hysterical in public. Now I'm on new meds [Effexor], and I hope these are even more helpful. I guess I won't know for a few days, but hugs would be nice. Zoloft pushed me into depressed and suicidal thoughts, I'm hoping this doesn't turn out that way."
"I've been real, real down, but I was getting better. No long term depression, but this summer I've started having panic attacks frequently. I was getting better, I started exercising/eating better and set up a good sleep schedule and it was definitely helping. I still had my awful moods, which had lots of intrusive thoughts I guess because I could reason my way through many of them they weren't so bad.

Then last night while playing a game I got this awful thought. It was probably intrusive becuase it was such an awful thought, I'll try to capture it. It was like a morbid guilt for having suicidal thoughts, because they are so not-okay. I felt like I was perverse and just not right for having these suicidal thoughts before. Last night I just kind of walked away  from the computer and felt better, they came back a little bit but I was okay. Now today I got them again, maybe 10 minutes ago and they aren't fully over right now. Today I baited myself in this state, I asked myself if I was worth living and I felt sub-human without any real rationalization for feeling that other than feeling suicidal before. Right now I feel so awful for having had suicidal thoughts. The suicidal thoughts seem less like a progression due to events/feelings and more like, I don't know, something else. When I get the morbid guilt thoughts as I can describe them, my forehead feels like it is burning. And it's traumatic afterward, not that I am quite there yet. 

Anyone have any idea what's going on? Any guidance on what to do? I don't want them happening often. Also, these happen when my sinuses are acting up a lot, not like a runny nose but head aches/dizziness/pressure. Anyone heard of a connection? I hope I calm down soon."
"But I keep opening and closing the submission form.

You probably don't remember me, but I posted here a lot, with different names. I'm that pathetic guy from Serbia, yeah. So I'll understand if no one replies, god knows I'm really a huge attention whore.

This feels so pointless. Everything does. I've done everything so many times.

I feel like I missed all my chances. I made sure to alienate every person who tried to help me. I don't have any friends irl or online anymore. I miss them a lot, like I said in a comment here a while ago. 
They're not coming back, I know. But after that, I really don't feel like doing anything. It feels like I'm already dead.

None of my plans worked out. I managed to pass most of my tests but I'm stuck here this summer. I was supposed to travel. Looked forward to getting away from everyone. I just really don't want to get out of my room and move from my computer. I know some of those people mean well when they invite me to stuff, but I'd rather they don't. They don't really like me, they just do it out of pity.

All I ever get is pity. People never tell me the truth because they don't want to hurt my feelings.
They all made me believe such crap. I was better off when I knew that I was a stupid loser. When I believed that things never change. If I kept being like that, I would have avoided so much disappointment.

I have two or three years at most, don't I? After that, there's really no chance to do anything. But right now I don't want to change or try. There's too little time left. How do you just start being a different person? I have no friends and no one likes me. I don't get laid. I don't have any money, and I can't get a job. At least not in Belgrade and getting one in my hometown means nothing. I haven't got a car and there's no buses and I don't know anyone really. They know me however, and they hate me.

There really is nothing I can do. Sorry I wrote all this garbage. Ignore it.
"
"So nobody likes to fucking cuddle anymore.  Maybe I didn't get enough of it from my parents, or maybe I got so much that such a long period without is causing my brain to choke itself.  I got the chance to cuddle with my neighbor's sister two saturdays ago, nothing untoward (but when she looked into my eyes I saw _that_ look that my ex gave me years ago when we were new), but she decided the next morning that she loved her boyfriend (the one she was gonna break up with in 2 weeks if he didn't break his drug addiction), yet she came to Karaoke that Sunday night anyway. Unlucky for me he broke up with her last thursday (i.e. 4 days after karaoke), after her mom gave him another $3,000 towards his medical expenses, the last $3,000 he needed.  What interesting timing.

Anyway, she came to Karaoke again last night, and I asked if I could even do so much as put my arm around her shoulders.  She stated no, and I respected that.  Never let it be said that I'm a dick to women, because I am very respectful of boundaries.  She wouldn't let me pay for her food, even though I'm completely fine with it since she's a single mother and coming to karaoke is a luxury, and so I want to basically take her mind off the recent breakup and onto the idea that she's having fun in my presence (which she did, I asked how she felt when we left and she was pretty happy, she sang like 4 or 5 songs, she's also really good at it).  However, I'm not sure if she's interested in me as a potential boyfriend or even cuddlebuddy by her standoffish attitude.

Honestly, that night was really nice, I got to feel the [oxytocin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxytocin) for the first time in some time.  Now I'm being forbidden from even the lightest touches, and it makes me feel, again, like I'm not a suitable mate and therefore not a suitable human being.  Maybe it's because I've had very few lovers, maybe it's because I get a _lot_ of rejection, but despite being on 40mg citalopram (which does help, but not enough, I am starting to believe nothing can really) the half life must be very short, because I can use my suicidal feelings which appear just about 25 hours after the previous dose as a reminder to take another.

I'd seen the idea of cuddle parties on Bullshit a few years ago, and liked the idea, yet my attempt to get a local one going was met with [downvotes and derision](http://www.reddit.com/r/Atlanta/comments/c9kb3/any_interest_in_a_cuddle_party/), which doesn't surprise me.

TL;DR: I feel like killing myself just after it's time for my next dose, which isn't really a good way to remember.  As I've told my doctor, I'll never do it, I'll just really want to.  I also crave touch and am sorely lacking.

Not using a throwaway account because I'm a reasonably open individual.  ENJOY FINDING THIS IN MY HISTORY, FUTURE STALKERS."
"I don’t know what I’m doing here.  I feel like I’m making a big deal out of nothing, because by most standards I’m well off... loving family, privileged.  You know.

When I’m walking to/from work everyday, I get these ridiculous urges to just walk in front of a car or a bus.  Nothing more to worry about, no happy no sad.  The only thing holding me back is the thought of my family and the few of my actual friends who would care if I was gone.  And the thought that maybe stepping in front of that car would ruin someone else’s life, too.  Anyway I look at it it feels selfish, and it makes me feel like scum to even contemplate it.  But the urges are always there, even when I’m having an “okay” time.  What if I just... jumped out the window?  I was feeling off and I was hoping like crazy it was a brain tumour, so that if I died it wouldn’t make my parents feel ashamed.  I realized I had a problem when I was wishing for a brain tumour.  

I used to always think, I’ll never even *think* about it, there’s always something to live for.  But I’m having a hard time with this now, because no matter how I look at it, the highs and lows don’t matter in the end.

I just feel like every time I have a bit of fun, it’s so trivial.  A the end of the day I always look back and can’t remember what it felt like.  Most of the time I need a few glasses of wine to feel happy like that anyways.  I don’t even know when this started.  I’ve never been able to love myself, and I can’t understand why anyone else loves me, no matter how hard I try.  And then my lifelong dream got crushed a couple of years ago because I’m too stupid to do it academically.  No matter what my parents say I feel like a fucking failure.  I figured, I could be alone my whole life and be happy doing this one thing, but I can’t even do that.  So I dropped out of university.  I’ve never hated myself so much as when I dropped out of those courses.  20 years of wishing for something gone because I’m a fucking moron.  

I recently dared hope I could feel *genuinely* happy again... I’d fallen for someone, which hadn’t happened in so long, I thought I’d lost my capacity to feel that way about anyone.  I actually got up the courage for once and he turned me down, and I can’t even hate him... he’s a truly nice person.  Now I just feel like an idiot.  I brought my own hopes up, it’s my fault I’m back to where I was.  

It seems so stupid to feel this way.  "
"I don't know what I'm doing here. This is a get it off my chest, depression, SW all mixed into one.

Im a long term sufferer of depression 15yrs+.  Im diagnosed as dysthymic, recurring MDD, Bipolar and a borderline personality tossed in on the side. Im what they call resistant to medication since ive been on everything under the sun and then some with little to no change on any medication I've ever been given.

I've had two attempts at my life on the last 16months. The first one beginning of 2009 was an OD and I was in a coma for over a week and died and was revived at the hospital and spent a week in a coma. My most recent attempt was thwarted by a by-standard who happened on me out of dumb luck and decided he needed to save me from pulling the trigger on the gun. I never thought anyone in their life would tackle me from behind and throw a gun away from a person. But, I admire their conviction for wanting to help.

I've been institutionalized twice and released back to my own personal hell with a slap on the back each time and everyone telling me the world will work itself out. Which it hasn't.  I am by society's standards a successful person. I have a wife and kids and the white picket fence home. I have yet ever had to struggle to put food on the table or pay the bills. I have pushed my wife away over the last few years and she still stands by my side through everything. She supports me, she is a rock that I don't deserve for the simple fact that by me pushing her away I have fallen into the arms of another woman who has been my friend, my best friend for the last 12yrs.  My wife turns a semi-blind eye to it because she knows if I didnt have ""her"" that maybe I wouldn't be here.  I agree because what I haven't found the strength to share with my wife, I can share with my friend with no problem.  I've fucked my own life up.  I've spent the last 2 years doctor shopping to get ambien in abundant supply and resorted to even ordering it from out of country. I use the drug to turn my brain off, so I can make it to tomorrow, in hopes of something better might come my way. But, Im fooling myself, Im a robot, I'm on auto-pilot. I function at the minutest of capacities. I don't know how anyone doesn't notice the problem at my job.

I want out of this life so badly, I want this life so badly, I want the pain and the sorrow and the hurt to end. I want a better life or no life at all. I don't know where else to turn, I don't know what else to do. I've exhausted my ability to walk into doctors offices and say .. look im totally fucked up. I don't know what else to do. 

I'm lost. Help."
[removed]
[removed]
"I am 24 years old and I am killing myself slowly.  I have been for years, I suppose.

A bit of backstory first.  My childhood was relatively normal, and I was a happy kid.  I've never had any sort of experience which I would consciously consider to be traumatic.  My father loved and cared for both myself and my younger brother very much.  My parents divorced when I was three years old and I didn't meet my mother again until the age of 15.  Growing up I suppose I retained a subconscious fear that she would die or completely disappear before I could ever see her again.  I needed her, but at the same time I assumed that she must not have cared enough about any of us to be a part of our lives.  For the longest time I convinced myself that I honestly did not care either way, and I do not believe that this situation has contributed in any way to my current dilemma.  

I did well in school, got into a decent college with full scholarships and set about making a life for myself.  I come from a very poor family, and I have not enjoyed a single moment's respite in my entire life without somehow working for it.  

A few short years ago I was a typical idealistic kid aspiring to become a high school English teacher and live out a noble existence earning abysmal wages and teaching kids about the beauty of writing and the simple pleasures of a good book.  As I write this I am surprised I can even muster enough concern to even finish this sentence.  Somewhere along the line I just stopped giving a fuck.  Fuck the kids, fuck noble endeavors, fuck making a genuine effort for anything, and, most of all, fuck the future.  I have forgotten how to care.

I don't like to think of it this way, but I believe I may be an alcoholic.  I have no problem functioning during a normal day, but I cannot sleep without at least 48 ounces of beer in my system.  I do not make friends, I do not go out into the city and enjoy my weekends.  I spend what little free time I have holed up in my apartment drinking myself into a more comprehensive state of indifference.  I am disgusted with both myself and everyone around me.

There are several different ways things could possibly end for me.  It might take a week, or I might trudge through another 24 years of this and end it very fucking swiftly.  I am drifting through a very thick, very dangerous haze.  I don't know what to do to make it stop or whether or not I even care to try.  Sometimes I'm very comfortable here.

I could drive my car off of a bridge.  I could leap from a building.  I could eliminate myself in any number of judicious and cost-effective ways, but instead I think I'll just shoot myself.  I'm going to keep drinking this alcohol and smoking these cigarettes until some part of my body inevitably starts to fall apart.  I will be diagnosed with some typical affliction related to the self-destructive patterns I've embraced.  I will have a very peaceful drive home.  I might read a bit of a book or take a shower or have a conversation with one of my few true friends, and then I will feast upon a fucking bullet.

In the meantime, my only fear is that before I have the luxury of choosing my fate I may become a threat to others.  I don't just entertain grand fantasies of my own demise;  I see myself possibly walking into a crowded room and taking a few of you with me.  Sometimes, as a normal person might look forward to a trip to France or a holiday weekend, I imagine how satisfying it would be to hold a gun to someone's face and finally feel like I have a voice.  

I realize this may be too manic even for /suicidewatch, but I'm only trying to be honest.  I am every bit as sickened and disturbed by the thought of it as any of you will undoubtedly be.  I don't believe anyone can truly abandon their humanity, and the simple fact that I have these thoughts often makes me fly into a rage against myself.  At the same time, however, there is this presence within me that wants nothing more than to just fucking do it.  

At the core of all of this is a simple desire to destroy, and it is starting to manifest itself in my everyday life.  I have recently gained the unexpected attention of a girl who is five years my junior.  She is ready to compromise everything in her life to be with me, and I am consciously using this knowledge to my advantage.  To me, her affection is little more than a sign of inherent weakness.  I tell her I love her and she is too young and naive to have the slightest suspicion that I might be lying.  Whether it takes six months or the next few years, I am going to find a way to destroy her life.  I want her to know what it's like to work for something and have it all swept away.  I want her to know what it's like to be manipulated and deceived.  I want her to fucking hurt.

Three years ago this was not me.  I don't know what has happened to me.  I don't know what to do.  I don't know how to feel or what to think about any of this.  I scare and confuse myself.  I know that even now, somewhere inside, I don't honestly wish to harm others or myself.  The problem is that there is now a part of me that does, and I'm worried that I'm beginning to listen to it.

There you have it, more or less."
"I guess I'm going to post here everyday now. Lets just say its a form of therapy. 

I've been so angry lately. Since I was little, if I ever got upset, to avoid confrontation, I would avoid the issue altogether. I wouldn't really stand up for myself, I would just bottle up my anger and resentment inside. I would never let anyone know my problems with them (My mother, my father...friends, feelings...the list goes on). Recently, my fuse has been so short. I haven't been blowing up, but I can't let things go anymore. I get stressed and so anxious over the smallest things. I can't relax. I don't have anyone to talk to, because I know they're just going to say ""well, there's nothing you can do about the past. Just move on."" But I CAN'T move on. I'm sick of having to stuff things inside and move on pretending I'm strong. I don't want to be anymore, but I've gotten to the point where I'm starting to *really* become cold. I'm so irritable. I hate myself. 

I'm afraid that I'm going to blow up soon, because I've lost my hold on it. I don't know what to do. Talking about it doesn't work. I need to know how to relax...but I can't. I need to get rid of this anger, but how? "
"Not too sure were to start. I'm 18, from a middle class family, got into college with some decent scholarships. I just can't be happy, every day I feel a little bit worse. I had planned on killing myself back in the beginning of May. A friend found out and word got around to my parents. 
I've been to several doctors, therapists, and psychologists since then. The general consensus from the therapists is that there isn't any underlying, non-chemical reason why I should be depressed. I've had three different medicines, Zoloft, Lexapro and, latest Wellbutrin - nothing has helped at all. The Lexapro actually caused me to have a episodes of serotonin syndrome. It seems like my body is physically resisting me being happy. All I can do is distract myself for a while at a time. Reading a book or playing some games will hold my attention for a while, but then everything just slams back down worse than it was before.
The only reason I'm still around is because I don't want to hurt my family and the very few friends I have. But even that is losing its hold. Everyday it is harder and harder to stick around, just to be around to suffer though the next day."
"""It is good to be home. It is good to hear the wind of Icewind Dale, to feel its invigorating bite, like some reminder that I am alive.

It seems such a self-evident thing--that I, that we, are alive--and yet, too often, I fear, we easily forget the importance of that simple fact. It is so easy to forget that you are truly alive, or at least, to appreciate that you are truly alive, that every sunrise is yours to view and every sunset is yours to enjoy.

And all those hours in between, and all those hours after dusk, are yours to make of what you will.

It is easy to miss the possibility that every person who crosses your path can become an event and a memory, good or bad, to fill in the hours with experience instead of tedium, to break the monotony of the passing moments. Those wasted moments, those hours of sameness, of routine, are the enemy, I say, are little stretches of death within the moments of life.

Yes, it is good to be home, in the wild land of Icewind Dale, where monsters roam aplenty and rogues threaten the roads at every turn. I am more alive and more content than in many years. What a fool I am to rue the end of my days that I have now! What a fool I am to let the present slip into the past, while lamenting a potential--and only potential--future!

We are all dying, every moment that passes of every day. That is the inescapable truth of this existence. It is a truth that can paralyze us with fear, or one that can energize us with impatience, with the desire to explore and experience, with the hope--nay, the iron will!--to find a memory in every action. To be alive, under sunshine or under starlight, in weather fair or stormy. To dance every step, be they through gardens of bright flowers or through deep snows.

The young know this truth so many of the old, or even middle-aged, have forgotten. Such is the source of the anger, the jealousy, that so many exhibit towards the young. So many times have I heard the common lament, ""If only I could go back to that age, knowing what I now know!"" Those words amuse me profoundly, for in truth, the lament should be, ""If only I could reclaim the lust and the joy I knew then!""

That is the meaning of life, I have come at last to understand, and in that understanding, I have indeed found that lust and that joy. A life of twenty years where that lust and joy, where that truth is understood might be more full than a life of centuries with head bowed and shoulders slumped.

How strange that as I gained more to lose, I allowed that lust to diminish! It took me this long, through some bitter losses, to recognize the folly of that reasoning. To wake up to the life that is mine, to appreciate the beauty around me, to seek out and not shy away from the excitement that is there to be lived.

There remain worries and fears, of course. But I can be patient and convince myself of the best. For to brood upon my fears, I am defeating the entire purpose of my life.

That I will not do.

There is too much beauty.

There are too many monsters and too many rogues.

There is too much fun.

-Drizzt Do'Urden""

-An excerpt from Sea of Swords by R.A. Salvatore. 

----------------------

""He loved water very much; all water attracted him. From this spot, one could look through the streaming, crystal-threaded water and see the dark vague bottom, see a vague golden glitter here and there, an enticing sparkle, bits of a broken plate perhaps or a worn-out sickle, or a mud fish, a fat turbot or redeye turning around down there, a ray of light catching for an instant the bright fins of its scales and belly--one could never make out what precisely was there, but there were always enchantingly beautiful, enticing, brief vague glints of drowned golden treasure in the wet black ground. All true mysteries, it seemed to him, were just like this mysterious water; all true images of the soul were like this: they had no precise contour or shape: they only could be guessed at, a beautiful distant possibility that was veiled in many meanings. Just as something inexpressibly golden or silvery blinked for a quivering instant in the twilight of the green river depths, an illusion that contained, nevertheless, the most blissful promise, so the fleeting profile of a person, seen half from the back, could sometimes promise something infinitely beautiful, something unbearably sad. In the same way a lantern hung under a cart at night, painting giant spinning shadows of wheel spokes on walls, could for a moment create a shadow play that seemed as full of incidents and stories as the work of Homer. And one's nightly dreams were woven of the same unreal, magic stuff, a nothing that contained all the images in the world, an ocean in whose crystal the forms of all human beings, animals, angels, and demons lived as ever ready possibilities.""

-A passage from Narcissus and Goldmund by Hermann Hesse"
"To cut a long story short, I was mentally abused through my childhood by my father, and for the past 10 years I have had problems with extreme fatigue, depression, and anxiety, to the extent that I don't have much of a life.  I rarely see anyone and I don't leave the house most days.

It was only recently that I realised that my father was abusive and that my health problems are probably related to my childhood.  It might sound strange that it took me so long to understand this, but no matter how twisted your parents are, as a child you just think they're ""normal"".  I had to read books on emotional abuse to understand the problem with my father.

Lately, however, I have come to the conclusion that pretty much everyone in the world is abusive.  It seems our whole society is based around it.  For example, there is usually a ""boss"" at work, a bully who screams at and intimidates people.  And when you walk along the street you must be careful not to show any weakness or you may be attacked.  And so on.

Even nature itself is just awful.  One animal hunts and kills another just to survive!  It's as if nature has been designed by an evil mastermind.  If I had never heard of nature, I would truly struggle to imagine something so awful.  And the problem is that we humans are not so far away from this.  Seriously, we had to pass laws to prevent people from enslaving others.

I wish I had a button which, if pressed, would simply end my existence.  No suffering — just an instant end.  I'm not saying that I would press it, but simply having it available would be comforting.

Thanks for reading."
"I'm deep in debt. I was not asked back at my decent job after my probationary period. I'm making $8 an hour. 

I may have my license suspended because I forgot to pay a ticket. I thought it was due today at the latest, turns out it was yesterday at the latest. I paid the fee, don't know what will happen - the website said ""court has reccomended license suspension"".

I don't know how that will affect my insurance.

The one good thing is that I have supportive family, and a wonderful girlfriend of two years.

But I'm so fucking ashamed of my debt and the lack of actual control I have in my life right now that I barely can stand myself."
"I don't have anything going in my life right now, I'm bored an unproductive and it depresses the fuck out of me. I try to make up stuff to do, but it's just stupid stuff to give me something to do during the day and it's hard even to keep coming up with that. And even when I do, I still usually end up not doing it. I have a book on Self-Esteem and I go to CBT counselling, it's only been a few weeks, but it's really hard. At the start I didn't feel so bad, but it comes back in cycles and it hurts. I'm so tired of struggling just to survive, I want to just sleep and be left alone. I'm on the floor and I'd have to struggle very hard just to make it to the bottom rung of the ladder, what the fuck is the point? I've already wasted my whole life, it'd take me so long to recover I wouldn't have much of a life left by the end.

My fear of death is definitely going down, so maybe in another few cycles, I'll work up the courage to resolve this once and for all."
"All my old ticks are seeping back in. The stammering, the muffled and wobbly emotions and thoughts. The head jerk, the not wanting to get out of the house... and with beautiful irony, anti-suicide songs only make it seem like a better idea.

My mother thinks this is just my getting over the meds I was on. I've only been taking the new stuff for 4 days. Not long enough to raise the levels. But... I'm back to wanting to just give up. To talking about breaking up with my fiance as a pseudo-suicide, to just... wanting to go away."
"Hello again.  I can't tell you my name, but you may remember me from the post ""For me, suicide is a way of life.""  I'm here today again to share a bit of news and a gift for those compassionate and knowledgeable folk who left their thoughts for me in the original thread.

I am pleased to announce that at the bequest of commanderlooney I went out of my way to do something I haven't done in far too long:  write.  In the midst of all this nonsense, I'm glad someone could come along and make a simple and reasonable suggestion which actually ended up doing me some good.

I have just finished the first piece of writing I have completed in over six months, and I'd like to share it with you all.

**Ten**

Deyavah, the God, twisted and churned his winding way through the bulkhead gathering ominously above the summit of Mount Whatever-the-Fuck with mounting impatience.  The children of the Tribe of Whoever-the-Fuck were growing restless, and as such had sent an emissary to the seat of the Heavens to prostrate himself before the Almighty, appeal to the infinite compassion and wisdom of the Holy Father, succumb to the overpowering magnificence of The Lord Their God, and well, you know, get some shit set straight.  They had their own obscure titles for the mountain and their ragged little tribe, of course, but both escaped him at the moment.  

A thousand years into the future he had seen this moment coming while inhabiting the meager frame of a common field mouse in Greece.  That sudden and inexplicable moment of dreadful apprehension one feels when he realizes something important might be forgotten had suddenly sprung upon him as he was merrily foraging through a patch of ripe lettuce, and he quietly drifted backwards through the fraying fabric of time to the heart of the storm.  At first, he thought he might have left the tap running.

From his vantage point high above the earth he was beginning to see the vague outline of the bent, pathetic little man steadily making his way onward and upward through the foothills.  Click, zoom.  Click, zoom.  He was soaked right through his robes, his long white tangle of beard whipping hither and thither in the growing maelstrom.  Click, zoom.  His dark, fiery eyes all but glowed with determination as he fought his way over fallen rocks and through the brush.  Click, zoom.  A lone mite held on for dear life to a bundle of short hairs rooted in the old man's moustache, all but screaming in terror as the relentless winds whipped and battered it about.  Click.  Too much zoom.

The Ancient One followed the old bugger's slow progress through the bellowing gail with more than a twinge of amusement.  The poor little fart was more likely to sprout a voluptuous set of tits and nurse a lion cub to adolescence than reach the summit of Mount Whatsitthere alive.

And so the God had pity.

Suddenly, shockingly and without warning a terrible gust of frigid air enveloped the aspiring prophet and snatched him forcefully into the air.  His sandals were wrenched from his feet, his robes mercilessly ripped from his sagging frame as he tumbled bare ass over elbows through the storm.  He cursed and bellowed unintelligibly.  He voided his bowels abundantly and vomited at the same time, adding an altogether unexpected element of filth to the swirling tempest which had viciously liberated his feet from the blessed firmament below.  Earth turned to sky and sky back to earth with a sickening wrench here, a bone-crushing yank there.  He had just enough time to briefly reflect upon the taste of his own excrement before smashing to the unyielding summit floor with a wet thud.

Gliding with ethereal grace through the chaotic whirlwind, Deyavah turned his timeless gaze toward the top of the mountain and frowned.  Where had the little guy gotten off to now?

Click, zoom.

Where for all intents and purposes the bent old man should have landed safely there was now a fantastic spray of torn entrails, bits of shattered bone and lumps of bloody hair littering the clearing of the summit.  For a chosen ambassador to the Holy One and designated leader of the people, he was suddenly looking quite viscous.

""Well, shit.""

With a wink of Deyavah's formless eye and a tap of his glistening heels, the otherwise lifeless remnants of the old man's bits began to quiver and dance in the darkness.  With a bit of molding here, a smidgen of transmutation there, the stubborn old geezer began to collect himself quite efficiently.  Parts which had effectively been blown seven ways to Sodom soared purposefully through the haze and found register once again in their intended positions.  It should also be noted that in his imminent wisdom the Infinite One took advantage of this grisly turn of events to secretly deposit the prophet's gall bladder, tonsils and a short length of infected small intestine into an eagle's nest further down the face of the mountain to compensate for the temporary inconvenience.  What the seer did not know, as they say, probably wouldn't hurt him.

As the prophet curled into the fetal position, naked and exhausting his frail voice with the remnants of a scream, the hapless and infinite deity decided it might be good to just wing it with this one.  Embracing the sheer fuckery of it all, he shrugged himself into the form of a burning woman with the head of a goat and descended upon the terrified old man.

""Hola!  Me llamo es, eh - como se dice?  Dios!  How the hell are ya?""

____________________

I am exhausted, and for the first time in a while I now plan to drift into what I hope will be a peaceful sleep sans a complementary dose of alcohol.  This is a small thank you, Reddit.  I cracked a smile today."
"Hi SW. This honestly feels like the only place I can vent right now, where I actually have a voice that someone will hear. The past couple of weeks everything seems to be unravelling, and I'm getting to the point where I'm really, really having to force myself to keep my head above water. It's bizarre - I don't think I'm depressed - I have a lot of good stuff going for me, people who love me, etc. but at the same time I am beginning to sensationalise and justify the notion of just disappearing.

I swear, I think I have backwards SAD - I got really depressed last summer and I always seem to be sadder in the summer than in the winter. Maybe this has something to do with it, maybe it doesn't, but August 10th will be ten years since my mum died. Her death has never been spoken about, and basically I've been bottling up all the feelings of a twelve year-old girl losing her mother suddenly and without explanation for ten years. It's got to the point where my boyfriend *wants* me to talk about it, but any attempts, even tiny mentions of it, just end up with me sobbing uncontrollably.

So here's the thing. I graduated university last week. It feels like one big thing that was keeping me going has gone. Now I feel a little bit lost in limbo, scared of having nothing to do, feeling very bored and very alone. The other thing is, I want to be a teacher. Sounds like maybe a career goal, but it is one of two things that gets me out of bed in the morning. I feel like my vocation, one of my life goals, is to teach kids their ABCs and how to multiply. But the teacher training course I want to do is very competitive, and I'm not 100% sure I have the right stuff. I applied last year, and got rejected, and it took me a week and a half even to tell anyone, I was so gutted. If I can't teach, I have literally no fucking idea what I'm going to do with my life.

So I was bored and lonely, so I applied to do a college course, a teaching assistant one, to give me a purpose, something to do, but also to give me knowledge, skills and experience to help me work towards being a primary teacher. So while I'm dreaming of throwing myself in front of a train, I *am* making plans.

The other thing that gets me out of bed in the morning are my loved ones, particularly my boyfriend. I met him nine months ago and it just feels *right*, he feels like the one. But me being sad like this is really taking its toll. He says its really frustrating, being with someone who can't be happy no matter what. I do use him as an emotional crutch, and I know he can't take it, he has a lot on his plate and it's so unfair on him. He's such a wonderful man and he deserves to be with someone who is happy, confident and strong. I just feel like he must be thinking he got a raw deal, because I'm sure if he'd known about this in the first place, he would have stayed well away. He already seems to be struggling to want to be with me - he doesn't seem as keen to spend time with me as he once was, and seems very cynical and negative about things.

So this all came to a head when I decided to plan a meal with friends to celebrate my turning 22. I figured I needed to be a bit selfish, try and garner a little attention, and remind myself that there are people who care for me. Only two people responded. Not just declines, but just ignored. I was gutted. It just confirmed everything I thought about myself, that I was unimportant, unloved, invisible. I became preoccupied with trying to work out who would attend my funeral if I died, who would care. In the end my best friend was very kind and pushed some people to come out, and a few of us are going out, but now we've reorganised things, my boyfriend has made other plans and probably won't be able to join us. :(

So there, that's it. Just needed to vent really. Have been feeling really down, becoming obsessed with the notion of just starting everything over, how I would do things differently if I could another time, wanting to give my boyfriend and family a chance of a better life without me without having to pack up and leave them, wondering who my real friends and loved ones are, wondering what else there is and what is the point? Thanks if you read this far. :)"
"Background: I am female and in my early twenties. I have a history of depression including a stay in a psych ward as a teen. I remember spending a lot of time thinking about suicide even as a small child and would go as far as to try to drown in the swimming pool when no one was looking. I obviously didn't try hard enough though.

Well, if this isn't evidence for myself that I am stuck I don't know what is. There is no one I can talk to about what is going on and I have resorted to strangers on the internet. I am sure you are all wonderful, but you know what I mean...

My life has no purpose anymore. I honestly can not come up with one reason to wake up in the morning other than the fact that I feel so guilty just laying in bed. I spend many days forcing myself to sleep sometimes for up to 14 hours just so that the day will be over with faster. My husband (whom I married at 20 years-old after dating for 5 years) spends most of his time on the computer when he is not at school. We have little in common and rarely have anything meaningful to say to each other. I struggle lately to be in love with him. My love life is made more complicated by the fact that I am also in a relationship with another man. My husband knows about this and I only do it with his approval. We are all very close friends and have been for 7 years. Problem is, I find myself falling in love with him. I feel for him the way that I should feel for my husband. I only see him about every other weekend. In between those times, he is all I can think about. I miss him and just want to be around him. I feel so guilty for not feeling this way about my husband.

As I am sure everyone has been made fully aware of, the economy is terrible. There are so many people out there like me who have graduated from college and have been unemployed ever since. That is just the way things are right now. But I can't take it anymore. I apply to about 5-10 jobs per week ranging from the jobs I want and went to college for and the jobs that I worked as a teenager such as washing dishes. I have work experience and a Bachelor's degree and I can't even get an interview to scrape off dirty plates. I have been out of work for over a year and a half. My husband does not work either. There is no money. My savings is completely gone. We live with his father. I had to move to where I am now so that my husband could go to graduate school. There is only one school that I could commute to and I got rejected when I applied. 

My self worth is plummeting. I had little to begin with and now I just can't take it. I have 5 reasons to live. My mom, my dad, my husband, my lover, and my niece. I never want to hurt them like that. I just don't see myself lasting much longer though. I am out of ideas. I have tried everything that I can think of in order to get my life moving again. There has to be an end here.

TL;DR I am useless to the world and those around me. I am trying my hardest and nothing is working. The few things that I enjoy are clouded by guilt and frustration. I am getting closer and closer every day to throwing in the towel. "
"...I just don't give up now. Why the fuck I even try or bother to live, when there's no life to do that.
 
Although I don't have it nearly as hard as some other people in the world, I can't help but feel horribly pitiful about every bleak aspect I face everyday. I Fucking Hate my life. Sometimes I think about suicide, but I can't do it. Not out of fear of the ""after-life"" but of what the fuck everyone would think of me afterwords. And being a total coward.

I'm only 18 and I have; 

-Zero Direction (No fucking job, no ambition to get a job, no school plans, no LIFE plans)

-Zero Friends (seriously. I am always alone. I talk to no one not even my fucking self. Sometimes my fish, but he doesn't give a shit.)

-Zero Fam-Friends (Parents pretty much hate me. Middle child. My eight sisters are either trying to completely control my life or ignoring my entirely. Three brothers are dicks to me. Always.)

-Zero Skill (Barely passed highschool. Skipped my own graduation. Not good at anything, except the occasional recreational Guitar Hero)

-Zero Attractiveness (apparently, the good looks my family is blessed with decided to skim over the wretched, useless middle child. Doesn't help that I'm FAT AS FUCK. Mia and Ana won't leave me alone.)

FUCK. I have zero motivation for any of the future. Because I know I don't HAVE a future. The idea of a job drills a vision of the stupor of impending mind-numbing monotony into my mind, and terrifies me. After a job, getting money, blah, what the fuck is the point?! You work, you die. The end. And I won't get married. I can't even get a boyfriend (fknugly). Fuck, I won't even have friends. I can't fucking make friends. I mean, I think I'm nice enough, but I guess I'm a pretty boring, disgustingly despicable person. I've hardly had friends. Well, Freshmen was a public school, awesome, actual friends. Thennn taken out by control-freak sisters, for making a teenage mistake. All precious Harry Potter goods taken from me, along with my ""BLACK EYE MAKEUP"". Forced to wear skirts, go to church, fucking knit. (lol) Sophomore, Homeschooled. Me: religiously scrupulous, skirted, fatty. Then shit loosened up in Junior year, I was allowed to wear what I wanted, and go back to a school. Private school. A BUNCH OF FUCKING STUCK UP SNOBS. First year was average, but in Senior year, they isolated me, laughed at me, mocked me for everything. Some pretended they liked me, but I'm kind of allergic to bullshit. To them, I was the fucking devil worshipping truant that year. To lazy to come to school. A miserable, moaning, moping, Myrtle. IRL, I was depressed as fuck, struggling with an ED, hopped up on 3 different Medications, lonely, and flunking. I couldn't confide in anyone. It was horrible.

Then here I am. Bad as then. Living with my parents. A couple weeks ago, my meds reacted oddly, didn't sleep for like four days, was beginning to form entire conversations in my head between two random people, and I wasn't in control of it. Ultimately had a hallucination, and acted more aggressive than usual. Dad, ignoring my pleas for help, assurance that I wasn't insane, demands I get out of his fucking house at fear that either I'll go Jack Torrance or he'll smash my face in. Whichever came first. Moved out, lived with brother. OH FUCK. BAD MEMORIES FROM KID HOOD. Apologized, moved back with parents. 

And now...depressed as fuck. I just want it to end. I wish I had a car so I could just drive drive drive drive drive as far away as fucking possible, and escape myself.

//rant over."
"i am female, approaching 30.  i've been chronically suicidal since about 15.  things get better, things get worse.  now they are getting worse and worse and there is no one who i can talk to.  i've tried contacting my therapist several times by email.  normally he responds briefly in a matter of hours.  its been days.  i dont remember what i wrote except 'IM DESPERATE'.  i feel like im begging for help.
in the meantime i'm under assault.  people who i know, like my therapist, and people who i dont know are trying to control me and are sending me negative messages to attack and confuse me.  things like 'do it now, no one loves you' things like 'you belong to the system forever'.  'you will be humiliated in a new way, like you have never been humiliated before.'  and more.
i'm flashing between that and having spiritual experiences.  sort of like my soul is expanding and becoming less dense as my being fills the entire universe.  it is a satisfying one-ness.  but it always jolts back to the attacks.
i wish i had someone to call.  i am supposed to meet a friend and go out tonight but i can't tell him about any of this.  i feel bad enough burdening you.  i feel i'm building in a bad direction towards something bad.  i feel out of control.  i am hiding and i feel alone."
"I drove into someone's car by accident. I was on an opposing driveway and backed up, the elevation surprised me, and I bumped into their car. There were no visible marks and I gave the family my contact info. Apparently, after they took it to an auto-shop, they need to do 600 dollars in repairs because I fucked up their bumper and it needs a replacement. Or so they say.

So here I am.

I have no job. I am 18. I haven't been able to get a job. I cannot tell my parents because they will kick me out of my house. They yell at me daily anyways, and I am teetering on the brink of going insane. I cannot tell my insurance company because my rates will skyrocket. If the police are involved, I imagine I'll lose my license and then some.

So.

I am kind of thinking I should just eat a bottle of clonazepam, drink some alcohol, take some blood thinners, lay down in a warm bathtub, and slit my fucking wrists and my femoral artery and whatever the neck one is called. Considering I'm already pro at cutting, I'm fairly sure this would be an easy thing to accomplish anyways because I'm not really hesitant to slice my wrists to fucking hell.

I have literally no fucking options. How do I pay off 600 dollars? I'll fucking suck dick on Craigslist. Or maybe I'll sell drugs or break into cars. Or I'll just fucking kill myself and get this piece of shit life over with."
"I've generally been doing pretty well. Recently some things have changes and I (stupidly) drank a ton of rum (safe amount) tonight. My spelling might be a little off but I've been having a strange time of things and would like to talk with someone. Could someone pm me to talk on aim or something? Sorry, I'm a bit wasted and am really grateful to spell check."
"Now the world seems dull, and boring.

A waste. Nothing to offer me, and me nothing to offer it.

I want to go to a crowded area, maybe Yonge and Dundas square, and just...chemically induce it.

I want the news to know, I dont know why.
I want everyone to know. I dont know why.

But I probably wont end up doing that...
If I do do it...I'll just be another one of those faceless little articles in the paper.

Ive been up for days. I mean, up, straight.
Im young still.

But I have no more fight left in me. I dont have that voice in my head that says ""It'll get better, dont worry"".
That voice slowly disappeared. I can remember when I first noticed it start to fade.

I had hope that it would just be temporary.

But no, it kept fading and fading.
I can remember the last moment, the real last moment when I really honestly thought ""Hey. It'll get better.""

That moment seems unreal to me now. Something that couldnt have happened.

**EDIT: Hey. Thanks for the responses you guys. I didnt type this for the responses though, I typed to see how I would feel about this. About going through with something like this.**

**I cant talk about it. The more I talk about it, the more I want to kill myself. I think the only thing that has been keeping me here for this long has been the fact that Ive been doing everything I can to not think about it, but even that is starting to fail.**

**I called a suicide hotline, and I couldnt even tell them why I was feeling this way. When they asked me, I lied. Thats how much this pains me. So much that, that I have to lie about why I want to commit suicide, because I cannot even get the words out of mouth. How pathetic is that. I cant acknowledge it, because everytime I think about it or say it, it just makes me feel so much worse.**

**I appreciate the words from the people that posted here.**

***I dont know how to delete this post.
Right now its 6:33 am, Eastern Time.
I live in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.***

**I am not telling you this because Im going to kill myself right this moment. I honestly dont know what will happen after this point.
I just want people to know that I was here. Even if only random people on the internet know. I know it looks like Im looking for attention, and maybe I am. I suppose I am actually. I do want people to know how I feel. I want people to understand that Im in so much pain. Because I cant talk about it. Ive tried, and I cant.
This is where I am, this is how I feel, and all I know is that I dont want to feel it anymore.**"
[removed]
"Life, what you are doing this exact moment, isn't what you think it is.  You are not reading this right now, I know that's hard to believe, but it's true...  Right now you are not sitting wherever you are sitting or thinking what you are thinking, it only seems that way.  The truth is that this is all an incredibly massive virtual reality game.  You look nothing like you do now.  You THINK nothing like you do now.  The entire physical laws of reality are so completely different than what you are experiencing now that I don't really think I can explain properly, except to say that you live in a universe where there is no such thing as death, suffering or even unhappiness, and that is built directly into the fundamental laws of the universe.  MATH doesn't even work like you think it does.  


You have paid big bucks to play a fair number of decades at the game, ""Human"" and it turns out that, actually, you're pretty good at it.  TOO good, actually, and at some point in the past you were leveled up, possibly multiple times.  You've been given enhanced abilities to feel/see/understand the world, and now you are up a level, and the game naturally has gotten harder (this was NOT a cheap game, they don't pussyfoot around, you're gonna get your money's worth!), sometimes much harder.  The pain you are suffering right now is what you paid for.  You wanted to experience drama, turmoil, emotion, difficulty...  Anything less and you'd feel cheated when you finished. 



Try this pattern of thought out and see if you feel any differently.  Trust me, the troubles you've got don't have quite the same sting when they are ""challenges in a game"" instead of just ""random shitty-life events"".  If nothing else, give it a try for a single day.  Choose to see every bad event as challenge tailor made for you (possibly even at your specific request).  For example, maybe you were given a childhood of abuse to set the proper stage in your mind for the trouble you asked for concerning not being able to find and keep love...  Or perhaps crushing financial burdens have just been heaped upon you, at the *exact* moment you were starting to think you were going to make it out of the bottomless pit of despair.  What fun, guys!  There's a reason why we LOVE to watch a good drama, after all...  because some tiny part of our minds still knows who/what the REAL world is like, and that part of us wants *as much possible* drama in our lives as we can get before: GAME OVER.



Good luck, and take this just in case: 


1UP"
"Seriously. It's amazing to see the consistently positive comments. I just tried leaving one, and was floored to see so many other posts like mine.

Keep it up folks."
"I'm not even sure what I should say here.. it feels like there is just too much for me to get down, and I'm too inept and inarticulate to do it properly. At the same time I feel like an idiot because I KNOW that I haven't been through the horrible things that other people have, and I'm so much better off than so many other people, and I have no RIGHT to feel this way.

I'm 18 years old, and I know that that's young. But I haven't been happy in so long. I can't even remember what that is. I started to feel depressed when I was about 13, but I told myself it was stupid, I was a teenager, it was normal, it would get better, I'd get over it. But I haven't gotten over it, and it hasn't gotten better. It's steadily become worse, and for the past several months (or longer? I feel it must have been longer - I don't know) I've been seriously contemplating suicide. I've done so much searching, read up on so many techniques and methods..

I feel like I should have some sort of excuse for feeling this way.. I feel like I have to explain why I am this way, but *I* don't even know why that is.

I have horrible anxiety; I feel like I'm becoming an agoraphobic. I'm afraid to leave the house even to take the garbage to the dumpster, which is RIGHT outside of our house (we live in the corner house and the dumpster is on the corner). I'm scared of people. I don't know why. I can't talk to them, I don't want them to see me. I want to be invisible. I do as much as I can to avoid being in any situation where I have to deal with a real human being. Going to stores, waiting in lines, all of it.. it overwhelms and terrifies me. I had to struggle to keep from crying when a lady in the supermarket asked me about something I'd picked up. I freeze, I panic, and it feels absolutely unbearable. Even posting things anonymously on the internet (this, for example) leaves me feeling panicked and horrible. Anything I post, any replies I make, I almost always find myself regretting and I'll feel stupid for making them in the first place, and they end up being deleted soon after.

I've never had a job, I live at home, I don't know how to drive or ride the bus so I depend on my parents far more than I should at this age.. I was in a sort-of minor car crash and for some stupid reason, even though nobody was killed or anything, it left me completely terrified of even riding in the front seat of cars (which I no longer do). Driving is just... out of the question. I can't even be IN a moving car unless I have my sunglasses on, rain or shine, and headphones turned up loud. I have to close my eyes when we're in busy traffic. I get filled with so much panic. Riding the bus seems to be the most rational choice, then, but *everything* about riding the bus terrifies me and I have no idea how to go about it.

I know I should go to college but I'm terrified.. I don't know how to explain it. It sounds so silly when I explain it like this. It's not just being scared, it's.. worse. I feel as though I PHYSICALLY can't do these things, as if it is literally impossible. It isn't something I can just ""grin and bear"". I know it sounds pathetic.. On top of it all I don't understand how it works. Jobs. Money. College. Life. Any of it. I dropped out of high school (I was ""home schooled"" before that, so I never actually went to a high school in the first place) and got my GED. It was a mistake, and I know that. I feel like a failure for it, but I know it's too late to change it. It wasn't that the school work was too difficult for me - I simply couldn't be around the people.

I don't have any friends. In fact, I (quite literally) don't know anyone but my parents. I don't even have acquaintances. My dad is in the military, and when we moved here 4 or 5 years ago I just never bothered to meet anyone. I didn't keep in touch with anyone I knew before. (I didn't even tell them I was leaving.) I didn't want to. I didn't feel like a real friendship was possible, like I would be a good friend to begin with, like anyone would WANT to know someone like me. I still don't. Even the smaller things are painful (and pathetic). I haven't had a hug in years. This isn't an exaggeration. I can't even bring myself to hug or say ""I love you"" to my parents. It isn't that I don't want to, it just.. I can't. I don't know. I don't understand. I feel like such a terrible person.

All I do is sleep, eat, and go on the internet. And I sleep a lot. 12 hours most nights. Often more. I wake up tired, and I am tired all day - mentally as well as physically. And then there are times when I can't sleep for 2 or 3 days straight. All the sleeping pills in the world don't help. I know it's unhealthy. I've tried to force myself onto proper schedules, but it never works, despite everything. I know I'm making excuses, I'm sorry. I don't know how to explain it otherwise. I do try, I have tried.

I try to make myself do things, my parents try to get me out of the house, I know I shouldn't be like this but.. I can't bring myself to do anything. I try, I really do, but it's so overwhelming and horrifying and I don't see a point to any of it. I don't WANT to go on. I don't WANT to worry about everything and me, sitting here with all of my privilege and whining about it like the ungrateful person I am. I often find myself fantasizing about death, creating scenarios in my mind and playing them out over and over. I want everything to stop. I feel like everything is moving too fast, and I'm too old and too irresponsible and too unhappy and I just don't know how to fix things. I feel stuck. I can't do anything without someone there with me, telling me what to do and how to do it. The only thing I look forward to are new episodes of TV shows, but even that doesn't excite me. I don't enjoy anything.

I don't feel like my situation in life (jobless, friendless, unable to care for myself) has made me depressed, but rather the other way around. It just got so bad.. I didn't even want to try anymore, and eventually I just stopped bothering. I didn't see the point. I don't even want to be in this world long enough for these things to matter, so why try?

Everything, from getting out of bed in the morning to going outside or to a movie, feels like a bother. It takes such an enormous amount of energy to do anything, even something as simple as getting dressed or taking a shower. Sometimes I go 4 or 5 days without one, simply because it seems pointless and the effort overwhelms me. I know it's disgusting. I don't get messy or smelly or gross, but I know it's a foul thing to do (or not do, I should say). I feel like a disgusting person for it, but it seems like I lack even the willpower to make myself shower on a regular basis.

I even feel like a failure for NOT having already killed myself. I find myself wondering why I haven't done it yet, thinking that I can't be as bad off as other people, that it can't be so bad, otherwise I would have. But the only reasons that I can think of for not having yet offed myself are that I haven't yet found a painless + reliable way of doing it and.. living with my parents, unable to even take a bus, I'm not sure WHERE I would do it. I don't want some kid to stumble onto my body on the way to school, but I don't want my parents to have to deal with it either. It seems cruel, and I don't want to do that to them.

I know that it's selfish and wrong for me to feel this way when there are people out there who have it so much worse, who are struggling so much more than I can even imagine, but acknowledging that only makes me feel worse, and more childish and insecure than before. I don't feel like I will ever be ""okay"". I don't even remember what ""okay"" is. I can't recall ever having felt that way. Death seems like such an escape, just.. nothingness. Not existing. No more anxiety, or worry, or paranoia, no more sadness and crying and depression. I feel cowardly and lost and so unsure of myself and what to do.

I'm sorry for writing you a novel. I didn't mean for this to come out so long, I just intended to write a paragraph or two.. And I realize, reading over this again, that I just sound like a very lazy person, and I don't know what to think of that.. It's so much more than laziness.. I wish I could explain better.

The account I'm using is a ""throwaway""(?) one because I'm too ashamed and embarrassed to post this on my main one, I'm sorry. (It also took me a really long time to find out how to post this.. I hope I'm not making a fool of myself. I'm not even sure what I'm hoping for by posting here. I know it's the internet, so I should expect the worst.. haha.)

- Also, please take into consideration that it is 6 AM and, being one of ""those days,"" I haven't had any sleep yet. So if this seems horribly written or anything like that.. well, hopefully sleeplessness can take the blame."
"This is what I'm currently doing. I was getting desperate as the end of my unemployment insurance support is approaching fast so I got involved into a ""job club"" (something similar to this: http://www.bmunjob.ie/club/). Why I'm posting here on suicidewatch again? Because in the past, my ranting where centered a lot about my unemployment and my inability to find a job after more than 7 months... I was clearly getting desperate. 

Now that I'm involved in that club, I'm with people going through the same situation than me so we know what each others are going through and we can help each other. Also, with the techniques I learned I got more interview and contacts, in one weeks than I ever made before. I got an interview on Wednesday, sadly they told me I was lacking skill for the job. Anyway, I got another interview on Friday and most them couldn't care less if I don't have a course. Il tell them I have a solid experience and that's all they need to know, I just have to prove my experience is valuable for them."
"One of my best friends that I've known since I was 12 is sitting in my living room right now, talking about killing himself. His Mom sent him to rehab when he was about 15 (for marijuana), he stayed there for a year, and has been bumming between his Mom's house and his Dad's house ever since. He did have a job briefly when he lived at his Mom's house, but when his mom wanted to send him to a rehab center out of state, he left to go back to his Dad's house. After several months of pot smoking and WoW playing, his Dad threw him out today. I think I can get his Dad to take him back if he can finish a community college application or can get a job, but what I'm most concerned with is that he seems to be set on just killing himself. What can I say to someone in this situation?


RECAP:

-18 years old

-Has GED 

-No job, no college

-Both parents have thrown him out

-Suicidal"
"I don't think an overdose would kill me, but I don't really want to do anything aside from sleep. If I can't kill myself, at least I could pretend I'm dead. Would anything really bad happen aside from a coma if I took a bottle that has 120 pills, 5mg? 

I took my written driver's test today and fucking failed. I'm 22 and don't know how to drive,. Sure, I've grown up poor, and that might be the problem, but this is just another disappointment in my life. My sadness is affecting the family, and I feel like a huge asshole. I can't do this anymore. There's no point. I keep thinking maybe I'll be okay, that I'll feel better, but I can't. But even if I'm not dead, I just want to stop thinking about it. "
"I was way depressed over losing my wallet, with $1100 in it, so my friends kidnapped me and got me drunk. Somewhere in that foray, I lost my keys. Then the next day, I wanted some sympathy snuggles, and just totally got shunted into the friend zone.

I have bipolar disorder as well, and was already on a downswing to a depressive phase.

I'm actually afraid of myself right now. They say once you start making plans, you should worry. Well, I have a plan and I've already put it into motion. I need a serious hug.

EDIT:

Thanks for your support guys. I think the crisis is over. I was able to talk it out, and I got a hug."
"I've came to say goodbye.

I have been lurking this forum for two months now, occasionally posting, and my situation only got worse.

Unless most of the people on this subreddit, I always had what I needed. I was properly fed, had loving parents (meh) and a roof. I always had the ideal life.

Yep I cannot tolerate it any longer. There is no point in my life. My life does not makes sense. Everything I do, I Fail. I have so many problems it's over my head - I'm supposed to work 200+ hours... in the coming week.

I am facing the impossible. And I have enough. Even when I sucessfully do it, nothing happens. I had enough of pressure to perform, enough of assholes and hypocrites, enough, enough. So I came to say goodbye.

It was a wild ride. Thank you for all the nice posts and advice you have given. I Just wish I Had a little more luck in my life.

Goodbye."
see [here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/co7ol/ive_done_a_bad_thing/)
"Ive posted here a couple times under a different user. I am suicidal. I have been for year. I'm 18. On wednesday I called a suicide hotline for the first time. I didn't think it really helped. It just seemed forced from their end and they wanted to get me off the phone as soon as I said I wouldn't do it tonight.

I have problems I guess. I know they're more than some but less than others. My right testicle is in constant pain. I've never had a girlfriend. I'm balding. I have many deep acne scars. I've never gone on a date. I don't feel like theirs a purpose in my life. I'm smart, but I'm no genius. I have no special qualities, except for not being able to attract anyone.

I spent grades 8-12 online basically. My friends were all online. They never cared about me, and I would always grow to detest them as they showed how inconsiderate they were.

I've never been to a party. Didn't go to the grad party or evening ceremonies, even though I was the valedictorian. I have a strong phobia of dancing. Absolute phobia. If I had to dance I would most likely have a panic attack and stop moving or speaking completely. I also can't have music to listen to. That is also a phobia that none of you would understand. I don't listen to music because I am afraid of picking music I like, even though I might like listening to music.

I'm living by myself in the city with no friends.

I'm signed up to study physics at university even though I have no idea what I want to do. I don't want to do anything really. I'm sick of work and tests and having to see people who don't notice me. I'd rather live in the basement.

When I was 13-16 I would perform sexually for people online through video. I know some of you wouldn't consider that a big deal, but it has destroyed my self worth. I can't look in the mirror without seeing a horrible person who ruined himself.

My nose is also big. It's very ugly. Some have asked me how I'm able to see with my nose there.

I also have excessive perspiration. It doesn't cause me to have excessive body odour but I get pit stains. Antiperspirant doesn't work.

I can't look people in the eyes when I talk to them. I sometimes mumble. I can't speak to females.

I'm so incredibly lonely. There's nothing I can do.what should I do? I feel like I'm only living so my family isn't upset by my death."
"That's the gist of it, anyway. I feel like I can't go anywhere with my problems anymore because I'll always be looked at like a whiny little bitch or something.

I work a pretty shitty job, dealing with swarms of assholes on a daily basis. That is to say, I'm a gas station attendant, and people treat me like scum. At first, I grinned and bore it, but now I dread going into work. I'm burnt out on it. I used to be polite and talkative, but in the last week especially, I feel like that part of me isn't around anymore.

It seems as though /r/relationship_advice was right about the girl I was crushing on. She was only leading me on. She's probably spending the night at her boyfriend's right now. She told me last night that she didn't want to hurt my feelings, but I don't believe that in the slightest.

I've slowly turned into a misogynist, which I never wanted. Almost every woman I meet and befriend, I feel as if I can't trust. And yet, the majority of my friends are women. I have some guy friends, but a lot of them are rather annoying and definitely overstay their welcome.

I can feel myself becoming more and more antisocial as the days go on, to the point where my ex-girlfriend told me that she feels as if she never even happened to me.

To give you a summary of that: I ""dated"" a girl I know from Canada for about four or five months. She helped to pull me up from my dark little hole, but then we stopped talking for a while, and finally broke up.

She told me tonight that I'm an asshole because I apparently make it out so that my feelings are the only ones that matter, and maybe I am that way, but I feel so victimized all the time. I know that we all have to climb our own mountains, and I just can't help but vent about how my voyage *must* be harder than everyone else's because *I'm* experiencing it, even though I know that others have it harder and I have little right to complain.

I feel as though I'm overstaying my welcome, too, and since I've pretty much all ready decided to eliminate myself from the gene pool because I'm convinced that I'll never find someone who lives up to what I want, I've been considering taking myself out of the game entirely. I've been thinking of a whole variety of different methods, while toying with the idea of just seeking help from a professional (even though past attempts with professionals have been fruitless). I honestly don't believe that there's anyone who can help me, but I'm hoping."
"I'm an 18 year old cynical asshole. Nothing in life has colors, for me everything is bland, black and white, everything bores me, I'm never happy and the only happiness that I have is artificial. I don't think I felt a drop of happiness in the last 3~4 years. Seriously. The only thing I can remotely describe as happiness is when I graduated and I was only glad because I get to get rid of the assholes I go to school with, never having to see them again, you know, the whole shebang.


No one ever knows it though, You'd only suspect it if you get close to me but no one really does that because I'm an ugly disgusting fat fuck. I lie, I lie all the time to keep people away, I don't want them to know who I am because I hate who I am and I don't think any sane person would like who I am. I have a fake smile on my face the whole time and it disgust me because it's so obvious, I can tell it's fake even when looking at photos taken of me. I'm nice and polite to people the whole time, I don't know why I keep doing it though I hate it. I'm sick all the time, not only psychologically but also physically, I can't say the name of the disease because people will recognize me and I don't want that. I'm weak, I'm weak and I don't deserve to live, I'm just a big waste of space.



Seeing the girl I love fool around with guys really crushes me but I still maintain a smile and act as if nothing is happening, and before you say it, no I don't have a chance, she's waaaay out of my league and she already likes someone else and I can't compete with him, not ever.


I just go through every day life just because it's the only option I have, and I don't want to think about suicide because if I do, I'm afraid I might actually do it and that will upset my parents greatly and I swear that's the only thing that is really keeping me from doing it, also I think it's weak. I want it to end somehow, I just don't want to be the one who causes it.

And lately this been happening a lot, for some reason I just refuse to get off bed, I don't know why, is it due to laziness or tiredness? I'll just be lying on my bed for hours doing fuck all, and also I sleep alot for some reason. Do I lay in bed or sleep a lot because I don't want to deal with my life? I really tried to do some physical effort so I don't end up staying in bed most of the day, but I just don't feel like it.

I don't even know why I'm posting this, I really don't.


It's not even finished yet, I can't even finish it because it's too painful, I can't finish it finish because it's making me see how much of a sorry excuse of a human being. Why am I present in this world? I never asked to be.


I apologies for wasting your time folks and I apologies for my grammar."
"From a post on another sub reddit

OK, here we go. I wanted to avoid a wall of text. However a poster in here pissed me off.
I was 13 when I revived my mother from her 2nd suicide attempt. We were living in a warehouse formerly occupied by migrant workers. At 18 I found a runaway and tried to save her for 3 years. I was 21, Mom drowned herself in the ocean a block from my house. I spent years carrying a silent rage I did not know was there. I drank a lot, had friends, spouses telling me I was a different person at these drunken times, I seldom remembered any of it. I continued to seek women that I could ""save"". It never worked. I have an extremely lucid and vivid dream-life, in 32 years I never spoke to or had my mother speak to me. Only last year I dreamed that Mom and I were together in a car, there were eligible women there with us as well. I went into a store, came out and found she had moved the car and gotten it stuck behind the store. I woke up as I tried to strangle her. I have since had normal dreams of her and we speak together as I have with my father all along. I have lost many friends and loved ones to death lately, this has caused some sub-conscious change within me. I should have had therapy years ago. I am sure it would have helped.
So OP if you can't shake this, get some help. You may be carrying trauma you are unaware of. I thought I was fine, I wasn't. It may not take much, if a year goes by and you still feel this, by all means talk to a pro. You are way too young, a grand, full life awaits you. Don't let her ruin it for you."
"I called the suicide hotline (the first one google links to if you type how do i kill myself, or suicide hotline) and they put me on hold. How fucked up is that? It's like a sign or something."
"This is mostly for those who suffer from chronic depression and for whatever reason haven't really received the help that they've needed for it. It's also for folks who insist that you need to 'pull yourself up by your boot-straps' when suffering from depression.

[Here's the comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/coa7u/no_friends_no_talent_short_as_a_mailbox_life_at_a/c0u2aok)

Fair warning, it's heavy on the science, but it's still important"
[removed]
"15 years later, and everything is still as always has been and always will be. I get the whole permanent solution to a temporary problem. The thing is, what do you do when there is no problem and you still can't the the point? I could pretty much copy and paste my entire thought process here or to any of the numerous mental health people I've seen over the years, and nothing would change. No new insight

lost interest. cba to finish"
"meh (this describes my whole life sooo well). I'll be 30 in 15 days. My whole life has been this huge waste. I was just wondering, why is there a subreddit like this? do people really care if a complete stranger does himself in? If so, my hat goes off to those people.



**Edit:** Just woke up and I honestly didn't expect this much replies, I'm touched, I'll try to reply to everyone, gives me something to do. Also, I'm calmer now, all my fear and desperation about becoming 30 just came out a few hours ago and I'm terrified. I don't want to be 30, I really don't.

**Edit2:** I'm getting a status:504 error while trying to reply, I guess it's reddit's fault or something. Will try again a bit later. I'll leave what I had written in reply to MissCrystal here: 

&gt; Those years were hell to me too. When I turned 20 I had been expelled from 4 high schools and had never had a job, I thought it was a pretty pathetic record at the time. So here I am now, I'll be 30 in 2 weeks, I've been to 3 different colleges and am not close to getting a degree and guess what? I haven't had a job yet. My 20 year old self was a winner compared to this."
"we live in a world where trivialities absorb what is important.

what one would promptly designate as most fundamental; love, friendship, is postponed for the prosaic routines of our lives.

We are all alone. Alone in a world absorbed in its own selfishness. Alienated in a world full of strangers.

Love is self-seeking. Friendship is easily angered.
And then we forget. Forget love for all the stupid insignificances. 

And then there's no more time to make amends. What is good and beautiful is hindered by what's irrelevant. Yet we persist on a life that is full of consecutive smallness.

I see no point. No meaning.
I wish I could emancipate myself from this

Isn't life disappointing?
yes, it is."
"My roommate changed and he seems to be snorting cocaine all the time. Or so he says. He changes his story a lot, sometimes it's cocaine, some times it's a new religion or something else. Any excuse to act weird and eccentric. He says it's all an intentional mindfuck. Apparently he doesn't like his boyfriend, also a friend of mine and he wants to dump him.

When I talk to him, things are really weird. We smoke weed a lot. I feel he keeps me from some of the more banal things in life, like studying. I am not sure what to do. Maybe I should move out, but I don't want to go through that again in such a short time. And he and his bf are the only friends I have right now. There's nothing for me back home.

I don't feel so well lately. It seems he's just using me for whatever stupid reason. He's an arrogant asshole, especially when he's on it.
I also happen to be attracted to him.





Well, that's all for now."
"Today a friend I have known for about a year told me he is contemplating suicide. He said he is considering it very seriously because he is tired of being single, tired of being poor and tired of being miserable. He has been seeing a psychiatrist awhile and has even taken medications. He is basically completely void of any hope about his future. He is about to turn 29 and still in school. He has lots of friends and an active social life but is clearly not happy. He says this himself. He told me that he wants this to be on his terms and if he doesn't start getting what he wants, he'll just stop playing. I told him he needs to make this choice for him and not for anyone else. That he's not going to not kill himself because I tell him to or because I will be sad or miss him. I want to help him but he constantly talks about the lack of possibility for the future because he has a felony conviction on his record which prevents him from finding a decent job. He's also gay and I think has a hard time really fitting in with the rest of the gay community he spends a lot of time with. He has fun with them, but I don't think they are the same personality type as him and he cannot see himself seriously settling down with any of them. I'm wondering if anyone who has ever felt this way or been in a similar situation and has come out better on the other side and is happy now could give me some advice on how to help him. 
Thanks. "
"I'm not doing so well. And I don't think anyone in my life sees it. Everything just seems hopeless and I've been thinking about things that I know I shouldn't. I'm afraid to keep going on in silence. I don't want something bad to happen. I hope you can understand if I don't want to tell my life story on here. I have a hard time opening up to people. I know people who browse reddit and though this is a throwaway account, I'm worried it would still be recognizeable. I've decided that it's time for action, and the first step is to find someone to confide in. I'm still not ready for it to be someone I know, not quite strong enough, but it would mean the world to me if a stranger would give me a few hours of their time to exchange a few emails and maybe get me on the right track. I can't go on alone much longer. Don't be worried if I don't answer right away, I don't think I'm an immediate risk of doing anything stupid. It's getting late and I may fall asleep before replying. Apologies in advance if this isn't an appropriate place for me to put this.

SWemailaddress@gmail.com"
"I posted this in suicide thoughts http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideThoughts/comments/cp0yv/this_seems_like_a_nice_quiet_place_to_vent/ because it seemed more to be a more appropriate forum to my needs. I later came to realize that it was a dead forum, and the posts don't even seem to show up. I did find, though, that just writing it out was very helpful, and I have been feeling a bit better.

I was content to just let the post gather cobwebs, it having served the purpose of my venting, but recent events have created questions in my mind. Here is the story.

I recently moved to a new city with my girlfriend. I suffer from some unknown level of depression, which certainly needs to be examined by a professional. When I get depressed, she gets down, she gets distant, I get more depressed. I understand that she needs to take care of herself, but when I am depressed I certainly would like a little more compassion. She told me that if I didn't get help that she would leave me. So, this evening, she broke up with me.

I'm actually pretty calm about it at the moment. A friend gave me half a Xanax. Believe me, though, I do not take this situation lightly.

She told me that there is nothing that can be done. It's over. I believe her, for the fact that she is very black and white in her thinking. Now I am at a point of decision. It will probably put me in a very dark place to continue to live with her throughout the duration of our lease. Especially with the thought that she will move on rather quickly. She's probably having a rebound fuck wherever she is right now.

I feel very disposable. Suicide is running through the back of my mind. I wonder, though. I don't particularly want to die. I just don't want to feel what I feel. I don't want to go to work. I don't want to be awake. It occurred to me, that she is ninety percent of the reason I am where I am. It is a cool city, and I just started a new job with a lot of potential. Overall, I am not that set on staying here. Not with her. Not alone.

Instead of killing myself, how about I bail out? She can keep all of this material crap that she loves so much. I'll walk down the coast with my guitar. I've always wanted to do something like that.......

Jesus. She just came back. Now my mood is completely fucked.

So what'll it be.

A) Kill myself.
B) Give up the hard gained foot hold into a progressive town to bum down to a place where the grass is greener.
??????"
"I don't even know where to start or even why I'm throwing all this out here but:

I'm super bipolar. Been in therapy for years, medications haven't helped. I think I'm done trying.

So long and thanks for all the fish!"
"The title is a bob dylan song but it pretty much sums up how I feel about everything. I'll quote some Mountain Goats lyrics because the writer, I think, knows about how I feel. ""And a rabbit gives up somewhere, and a dozen hawks descend
Every moment leads toward its own sad end.""

Sorry to be so dramatic but I can't get over the perspective that everything sucks. I heard some p diddy quote saying that the only way to change the world is to change yourself, which is either him showing a profound idea or just him getting lucky when he spewed random words. What I mean is, I know that things don't change, but I desperately need a change within myself, something to make me feel comfortable.

 I have been just so low since yesterday I was playing a game, fallout 3, and I killed something, and under the name of the carcass it said [empty]. For some reason I got emotional and realized that everyone dies empty. Then I saw a program about the universe and our galaxy, at the end it mentioned how eventually all of the stars will burn out after being recycled a bunch of times or something. I may have misunderstood, but that sentiment, everything just ends in the saddest way possible, is where I am stuck. Sorry to say so little but it's hard to expand on how I feel. Everything is eventually awful.

Right now I am not over it, but at least not so consumed that I can make this post. I meditated a little last night and realized that this feeling is maybe a reaction to stress, but I don't feel stressed. I haven't been around my close friends in 2 months, we just parted ways when university let out. Will becoming more integrated help? Anyone have experience with these dark summers?"
"Being unemployed and among other things,  I have realized that I am more isolated then in any part of my life I can think of.  The real problem is that all I think about is suicide.  I really don't know what to do.  I can't talk to my family about it.  I just feel at this moment almost completly emotionally dead."
"I came here after reading the post in IAMA about someone considering suicide. It must suck to feel like that and I would love to be there to talk or hang out with anyone who wants to make a new friend outside of their current circle of people. 

I work in Austin but live in Round Rock. 28 years old guy who has a computer related job. I'm a huge nerd but also a very social person. Send me a message!"
"[this guy](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/cqlet/iama_redditor_considering_suicide/) posted over in IAmA, saying he's going to kill himself. I'm equipped to help him out (don't know how) and don't know if the general readership of IAmA will be either.  
I figure you guys may be able to help better?"
"Throwaway account, I'm just gonna ramble and if you feel like reading it and contributing go for it.

26 years old, damn good job @ $80K in GA, the only time I am happy is when I am at work. I believe I am suffering from PTSD, but the military doesn't recognize it and I've been procrastinating the phone call to a shrink. I want to call one now, but it's Saturday. Having thoughts of calling my parents to bring my daughter down there, maybe stay with them for a week, maybe just go to an emergency room, maybe find a nut house and just check myself in.

Wife and I are miserable, she's out of town for the past 3 months and will be home at the end of August. We'll be getting a separation when she comes home.

I honestly don't know what's wrong with me, I just know when I came back from Iraq my life has fallen to shit. Having a family that loves me and I can take care of has always been my goal in life, now that I have that it's being ripped out from underneath me. I believe this is the catalyst to everything that is forming now.

Severe bouts of depression, insane mood swings, unprovoked anger towards my daughter and wife (when I interact with her, as rare as that is).

Not actively suicidal, my grandfather did that and it really tore my family up, but if it wasn't for the care I have for my extended family it would be an easy choice. I just don't want to be here, I'm fucking done, this just sucks. If it wouldn't bother my family, I'd take the exit ramp right now.

I just want to know what the fuck is wrong with me. Why do I feel like this? I put on a great face to the public - oh, he's got a good job, a beautiful family, he's doing so well, he's a veteran - fuck that, I just want to be happy and nothing I do can make that possible.

Wife and I have been having issues for a few years, she threatened divorce and I said I'd make things better. The past year has been the most miserable time for me, she had a blast.

Daughter (she's 3) is downstairs playing Mario Kart... I don't know why that's important but it is to me. I'm just rambling and typing whatever comes out of this cloudy head of mine.

**Edit:** 28 minutes after this post, I am generally in good spirits. This is the type of thing I am talking about, and what scares me - I go through these severe bouts of being super-depressed, in tears, with a severe case of fuck-it-all. A few minutes later, I am fine (although it may be the beer I drank, just generally suppressing thoughts). I go through these switches in mood 2-3 times per day, although I hide them very well at work and just keep them internalized, which causes my more private bouts to be more extreme because I can finally release a little bit.

Also, I apologize if this isn't the proper subreddit, been doing a bit of browsing and have found a few other reddits that may have been more appropriate."
"A few drunken metaphors:

Imagine that you were holding a piece of, say, glass and someone accosted you and knocked it out of yours hands, causing it to shatter, but insisted thereafter that YOU piece it back together; and when you'd finally gotten close to restoring it the same person knocked it out again, causing it to shatter into still smaller pieces.  This repeats again and again and each time you make less progress before this wretch's impatience compels him to knock it from your hands.

You stand in a desert with the totality of humanity circumscribing a circle about you, rushing outward in search of verdant planes of abidance.  You're overcome with doubt as to which direction to head in and whether you'd be able to make it before becoming dehydrated that you fold over and scrunch up in the fetal position as you feel you mind, body, and emotions shutting down.  All your friends and family have left you behind in the dust, never stopping to see what's become of you.  So much loneliness.

This poorly summarizes how I feel at the moment.

I lived as a hermit for eight years on account of my fear of others.  I have finally lost my shelter in addition to everything else.  I am currently couch-surfing with a man whom I spent all of those eight years pining for (I am myself a male, which I hesitate to admit because gay men are subhuman objects of ridicule, hardly good for anything else as far as our fucking piece of shit culture is concerned). I'll have to leave soon to face homeless since I have no way of getting a job.  In the mean time I am getting drunk every day to stave off the agonizing boredom and to ease the pain of living in a hostile environment with people who just want me to go away already.

What I am waiting for is my drugs to arrive in the mail which I intend to use to kill myself in combination with a noose.  I've already drilled the holes in the wall and purchased the ceiling hooks.

I've searched and searched for a rescuer for so many years, seen so many therapists and psychiatrists secretly and foolishly hoping that one of them would understand how much suffering I was experiencing and liberate me from my hellish circumstances.  I don't need to tell you that nothing like that ever happened.

My body aches to behold the cruelty of people; no one could possibly show me the degree of compassion, sensitivity, and love I need to even have a chance of overcoming this.  

One popular idea of hell is that is that it's inclemency is such as to prevent it's denizens from knowing that one were in it to prevent them from hoping for better.  I often wonder whether or not that's where we are.  Why are people so cruel to one another; I feel as if I could vomit.  It's too much to bear.  I don't understand the resistance to love and kindness.

"
"I'm 23.

Things are a little more complicated then I mentioned in the last post. I also suffer from massive Depersonalization/Derealization and a basically persistent existential crisis as well as paranoid psychosis. This has been going on for 5 years. 

I'll try to explain:

All meaning is defined in terms of other things, which themselves are only meaningful in relation to other things, etc etc etc, rather like how you can only define a word using other words. Strip away the recursion and you find that existence is a state utterly devoid of inherent meaning, and potentially purpose.

Once you realize this, it activates a homunculus inside your head that vetoes all attempts to make an order from disorder, sense from nonsense. All purposes in life get subconsciously dissected to reveal their empty cores. Meaninglessness, ephemerality, and universal indifference towards your condition – how to live with these constants? How to reconcile that anything but those constants is, well, inconstant?

Once this goes on long enough objects themselves lose meaning. You look at a car and no longer see the car but the shapes that make up the car. ""Car"" becomes strange sounding and just some vague concept in your head that doesn't actually associate with anything that you perceive. It's like a constant dream world. That's the derealization.

Along with that comes depersonalization. I'm not really sure how to put it into words. I simply don't feel real. Everyone has an internal feeling of ""self"". That inner ego. That doesn't exist in me anymore. I don't have thoughts. Everything I do is a series of unrelated automatic actions that feels unnatural but somehow turns into normal human behavior. Even as I'm typing now it's not really me doing it. I see hands doing typing and I see the words on the screen but they don't feel like my hands. 

I feel like an alien.

Then add in the paranoid psychosis and occasional illusions of grandeur. At work I hear my phone ringing to look down and see that it's not. I think the network administrators at my work are monitoring my connections and posting stuff on reddit in response to my main's posts taunting me. I think that people are trying to tell me things using hidden meanings in what they say. Like there is some hint they are giving that I'm not picking up on. etc. etc. etc. It's a constant battle between my rational mind and my paranoia.

So far all of this has been a battle of attrition and New Years is the date I give up.

Before you ask, yes I have been under the care of multiple psychologists and psychiatrists. I have tried dozens of medications, self medication, and no medication. I have tried a change of city, change of job, regular exercise, good diet, and regular sleep (when I can).

Edit:


Forgot to add: Sometimes I cause myself pain to feel real. I try to not cause obvious or permanent damage. "
"Dear Reddit,

Today I woke up and my first thought was killing myself. I cut a length of rope and tied it up, I put the loop around my neck and pulled, it hurt. I cried. I don't know how to go on but I hope by making my feelings public that I'll achieve something. I have no job, no money, the girl I want doesn't want me, I may be clever but I'm directionless, I want peace but I'll die without seeing it. I don't want to hate people, I don't want to be alone, I don't want to feel like this any more. I don't know what to do. Last night someone threatened to kill me, I was scared but this morning I wish they had. No one is upset with you if you are murdered but they all hate you if you kill yourself. People will say all kinds of nice things at your funeral that they'd never say to your face. I have tears streaming down my face for myself, my life, I don't want to waste it. I don't know what to do. I can't do anything well, or enough to make my life worth living. I don't know anything. I have a self, deep inside me, that no one can touch, I want someone to touch me and mean it, I want to live for something, I have nothing. I have friends and family, my mum is worried about me but it doesn't help, do I want something I can never have? Please, won't someone help me...

diceface"
"Took MDMA last night, felt in love with everything just as you should feel on it. Then I rationally came to the conclusion that I should commit suicide because I have nothing to offer the world and it has nothing to offer me in return. I have been suicidal before but usually it's when I hit a depressive state and get all emotional. This was not in any way emotional. It was very calm, collected, and rational. What the fuck is wrong with me? I don't feel particularly good about trying anti-depressants so not sure what I should do..."
I am tired of struggling so much.  I believe in reincarnation and think my next life will probably be better.  The only thing that is stopping me is I am afraid that I will do it wrong and then end up paralyzed which would be even worse than my current life. I don't currently have the means to kill myself so it would take me a few days to get them. 
"I'm 16. My position right now gives me three choices: kill myself, kill my dad, or run away. I hate him so fucking much and this isn't stupid teenage rebellion hate or whatever, I actually want the fucker dead. I've talked to a hitman and don't have the $10000 to have him killed, don't want to do it myself, and can't support myself if I run away. I just snorted a pill of tylenol and codeine. I fucking hate him enough that I'm ready to die just to avoid another year and a half with him. It's that or rot in jail forever. I can't escape this, it isn't fair. This seems so real to me finally. Normally I try to kill myself while really angry or sad, and know deep down I'm not going to fully commit, but right now I feel I could do it, calmly, just to get away from him."
"He was intelligent, witty, hard-working and hilarious. I have nothing amazing to say, I just wish he was still here. He was a great guy and people really liked him even though I don't think he ever believed it. I won't pretend to know what was going on in his head but it's crazy when you don't see yourself the way others do. He was single for a long time and depressed because of it...stupid thing is many girls I know always thought he was funny and attractive, he just gave up too easily and beat himself up over it time and time again. He meant something whether he knew it or not. I wish he was still here."
"I figured reading the same old depressing drivel must get monotonous so I switched things up a bit. I mean, the text is still here, but if you're bored: 

http://i.imgur.com/h3EQM.png

So last night I was feeling awful due to situations out of my control and writing out a six page single-spaced suicide note when I read that post on Askreddit about running away from everything.  

It reminded me that I seriously want to displace myself from my living situation and family entirely. 

But I have different factors than this guy of course, though it struck me on a very similar level.

I hate my life in a non-angsty way. I did angstily tried to kill myself once last year and therefore have a diagnosis of depression. That’s cool and all, I’m fine with that. In fact, I think I’m a pretty decent guy and I’m happy with myself.

I cannot take it anymore however. I have no escape routes and no end in sight. I have nowhere to go if I get kicked out of my house. I have no money. I have never been allowed to have a job. I have barely managed to grasp basic social skills and therefore don’t have any close friends.

My parents don’t believe I am mentally prepared for university so they didn’t fund my education. Therefore, I didn’t go to university this year. I am stuck in white-trash suburbia for another year.

I spend all day doing homework, talking to friends, listening to music, reading books, and trying to be left alone. I have to have my door left open to make sure I’m not “sneaking around” behind my parents’ backs. I have no privacy. I guess they figure I‘m doing drugs. I haven’t done drugs in a year. 

See I would usually preface an SW posting by justifying my problems and explaining my rationale behind my parental criticisms but I am too tired at this point.

When I  am told every day that I am a bad person, that I am antisocial, weird, ugly, and a loser, it weighs me down.  It has weighed me down my entire life and I’m at a breaking point here.

I don’t truly believe I’m a bad person but I am beginning to question my worth as a human.

Why should I navigate another year of emotional landmines and chaos? It is so exhausting.

I fucking suck at punctuation and formatting. I know."
"I also posted this in AskReddit but thought this might be a better category.  This is someone I barely know.  Do I need to call the police every time she threatens suicide by leaving a message on my phone or can I ethically ignore her? What would you do in my situation? 

Edit: I don't know the number of any closer friends and I don't have her number.  She left a message from a blocked number on my phone. "
"I feel a bit bad at writing this, as I have no real reason for suicide. I'm just becoming more and more thrilled by the idea. It would be such amazing release. Absolutely nothing would faze or hurt me anymore, no more remorse, no more sadness, no more longing for the lost glories of the past. Even the absence of the few things that I like wouldn't mean anything to me, as I simply wouldn't *be* anymore, there would be no one to miss these things. Death is surely the greatest gift to man, an instant and permanent way out of the horror of existance.

What's stopping me is the thought of what it would do to my parents and maybe to a precious few friends. I am, however, worried about the day when that just doesn't matter to me anymore. I was driving in the countryside recently and began thinking that if I unbuckled the seatbelt, pushed the throttle down on a straight stretch of road and crashed into a tree at high speed, I'd have a pretty good chance of dying. The beeping of the seatbelt indicator would make a fitting tune to accompany my death. Perhaps they wouldn't be able to figure out it was a suicide, I guess that would make it slightly easier to take for my parents. I'd have to be careful with the speeding though, I wouldn't want to accidentally kill some innocent five-member family or something. Also, damn shame about the tree and the car, I wouldn't own any of them, so that'd be kind of a dick move. Dick move sounds about right for suicide, all the sweetness of the end for you, all the sadness for those left behind."
"I have a wonderful life. My family is exceptionally amazing and my friends are all really genuine and supportive. I've had self diagnosed OCD and anxiety disorders since I was really young, but those aren't the core reasons in me being suicidal. I honestly don't have any reasons.

Basically the only reason I hate living is because I want to die. I'm sorry if that doesn't make any sense, I'm just trying to type what I feel. If this receives any comments, they'll all be about how life is ""worth it"" because of the ""moonlit beaches"" and ""beautiful nature"" and whatever other motivational cliches you can think of. But the thing is that I'm aware that spending an evening on a moonlit beach with someone I love is supposed to make me happy, the problem is, it doesn't. And I can't figure out why. And I'm scared."
"I planned it out today. A dry-run if you will. I designed my suicide to be a sort of portrait of myself, but rather than a camera's flash there will be a different kind of blast. I selected my best cuff-links for this and ensured that my attire was truly reflective of my tastes for this day. 

I paid attention to every detail. I want this to be beautiful. My desk is arranged perfectly, my shirt is pressed just right my facial hair is trimmed absolutely perfectly though I know it'll grow after I die. But, for the snapshot of light, it will all be right. I considered setting my watch for my time of death but I can't figure out to stop it without leaving the crown out and well, that's not very neat. 

One thing I've never been happy about with a firearm related suicide is the mess. I have no problem spilling my blood across the ceiling, walls, and floor. It's the damage to myself that is the problem. Specifically, to my head. I've spent years shaping myself, ensuring my weight is just right in relation to my facial structure so my jaw line is defined sharply but without a sense of 'thinness'. But putting a .45 through my brain will really ruin that. But my .45 is such a beautiful piece and would fit just right. Polished steel and exotic but grounded wood. So I thought, perhaps a 9mm, it would be just as lethal and truly, my HK would also speak volumes for I consider to be the most elegant pistol I own. But the matter of destroying myself, I'm not sure how to do it without causing that. 

You have to understand, I want this to be a gift for the first person to open the door, perhaps the janitor, an unforgettable experience for the coroner (I know the man ironically).   

But here I am. Two pistols in my drawer. I think I'm going to go with the 9mm. I've wrestled over filling the magazine, or leaving just one. "
"I'm writing because I'm curious if anyone else has a situation like mine or can offer advice or insight.

For a really long time I have longed not to be on this earth, I have prayed to be taken away, yet I have always known that this is something I could never bring myself to do. As there are so many people in my life that I would not want to hurt. 

My adolescent years were spent fighting depression and feelings that weren't really mine (I lived in a house full of anger and sadness and took it in as my own when it was not). I have an extremely good life and am thankful for everything.  But for the past year or so suicidal thoughts have infiltrated my brain.  I don't even know if I would really even classify them as suicidal thoughts. It's basically just the idea of ""i need to kill myself"" ""i want to kill myself"" will pop into my brain.  It's an idea I would never act on but none the less it is there at least 3 times a week and I'm not sure what to do about it.  I normally take note of it and quickly dismiss it, but it seems to find it's way back to my brain day after day.  I'm not sure if it's just a left over residual affect of years of wishing for death or maybe there's something bigger there.

tl;dr:  I have the thought of wanting to kill myself but know it is something I would never act on

I'm not completely sure how to get rid of the thought or what to do with it. "
"Reddit, I'm not entirely sure how to phrase how my house life is. My mother and brother seem to constantly be at each other's throats when they shout nowadays.  My older brother has never been the greatest at school, money, or at life, but he tries really hard to help my mom and he does a lot. My mother (who is not a big English speaker nor reader) relies on him to get a lot done, but I feel there's only so much he can do to help around and only so much I can do to keep him from offing himself. Even now, I'm not sure how much more I can take of my family yelling contests before I snap. I feel as if my mother makes unreasonable requests at times just to get back at what wrongs my brother has done, but I just don't have a clue who's right and who is wrong. Right now, I need something to help push me and my bro through, Reddit.
"
"I met a pretty beautiful girl this week, and I decided to do something relatively spontaneous by taking a day off to go see her.  We ended up at her house.  We talked for hours.  We kissed.  We stayed up all night watching stupid videos on the internet and laughing even though we both had work to worry about the next day.  It was a small reprieve, considering the state of mind I've been in for so long.  I had almost forgotten what that sort of peace feels like.

I am a bit disgusted with myself.  She was not naive or unreasonable or too refined.  She was a truly genuine human being and an old soul.  There was nothing to dislike about her, and yet I still tested her by speaking very openly with her about my plans to kill myself within the first week of knowing her.  She took it in stride, exhibited patience and true compassion.  She was sort of an angel to me.  When my talk of suicide didn't scare her away I very deliberately cut all communication with her.

I can't fucking let myself enjoy anything.  Truly opening myself up to another human being is almost an unbearable process, and to have someone care about me in any way only causes me pain.  I have spent the last six months of my life in a relative state of isolation and contemplation.  I've been detaching myself from everything and everyone around me save my own base desires and thoughts.  Spending too much time in any sort of public setting makes me nervous and sometimes violently angry.  

People take much more often than they give.  They focus too much on ME.  What can I do for MYSELF today?  Who's going to get in MY way today?  This shit is MINE.  When will people notice ME?  We live among one another, yet drift through life as if our personal needs or concerns are the only things that matter.  I believe my will to die is only an individual consequence of my society's collective desire to devour itself.  We are all decadent and depraved.  We are consumed by narcissism. 

I want to become devoid of emotion and hope.  I want to separate myself from ME, the mind from the body.  I want to regard the final moments leading to my own end with resigned indifference, as one might observe a sudden change in the weather.  Complete neutrality.  Utter disdain.

For me, the end suddenly seems much closer than I initially thought it was.  This week I realized that a charmingly dysfunctional girl suddenly gliding into my life from seemingly out of nowhere will not save me.  Hope for the future hurts me, and adding one more to the list of people who will suffer because of my decision is not a responsibility I desire.  

I have posted here before, and I hope I'm not overstepping any boundaries.  To be completely objective about all of this, I've been very confused over the last couple of weeks.  This is a decent community of folk (SW, not reddit in general) and being able to release these thoughts somewhere is therapeutic in and of itself.  Ask me anything, give me your advice, tell me your story."
"My roommate is having a really hard time. Her mom had kicked her out of her house. Now her mom claims that she is owed 1500$ and that she is going to take my roommate to court. My roommate is saying that if her mom takes her to court she is going to kill herself, because she will be too far into debt and can't afford it. She just got a job and is getting her own place in September. If her mom did take her to court and win she would be very, very screwed. She made the suicide conditional, and I told her that if she has thoughts like that I'm going to get her help. She freaks out and said ""sure, call the cops. then they'll put me in an institution and I'll never be able to have a real life."" Is that a sign that she is just upset in the moment, or do I still need to call? Who do I call? Any advice on what I should do is appreciated. Ask questions if needed. 

tl:dr roommate says she is suicidal if she gets sued. she wants to say it was just in the moment and conditional but now I'm worried. ideas?"
"I'm done. My life really isn't good enough to continue, so why do so? I'm only a burden and would be doing everyone a favor by getting rid of myself.

About to go into my senior year of high school. Everyone brags about how these are supposed to be the best years of my life, but really, they've been the worst by far. All summer long, I've just sat at home, isolated, because I honestly can't think of a reason to get out of bed anymore.

I fucking hate where I live. The fucking Bible Belt, fucking southern Illinois. It's like America's infected, herniated ballsack. Of course, I'm the only atheist around here, the only non-Christian around here, which only leads to further ostracism. No one wants to risk their soul by being nice to the God damned atheist. As you may have guessed by my ability to use Reddit, I'm also of the ""computer savvy"" type, so that's funny too.

My home life is awful. It's just my mom and stepdad and siblings screaming at each other of stupid shit. Nonstop. That's all it is, and there's nowhere else for me to go except to put on my old, broken headphones and crank the Daft Punk up to 11 in a futile effort to cheer myself up.

I have one, maybe two, friends. I used to think I had more, but I got betrayed something terrible. So now I'm down to one or two that I never see, just text occasionally. 

This makes school even worse. I try and be nice to everyone, try and set a good example, try and show people I'm not some kind of fucking monster, but everyone walks all over me and spits in my face. I tried walling myself in and cutting myself off from the world, and it kept me from a lot of the pain, but damn if it doesn't hurt. I'm also in the ""advanced"" track, if you can even call it that, so of course there's the pressure of getting into a great college and going out to change the world.

I won't make it. I know I won't. I never liked sports, so that's 95% of the extracurriculars down. The others include band (no), what is essentially IRL SuicideWatch (irony), an organization whereby upperclassmen are whored out to freshman (no), and the environmental club, which is just bullshit. We even have a dedicated ""team"" of people to go to all of our sports games and pray for victory. I *am* a member of the Beta Club, but who cares about that? 

I can't get a job. I am presumably qualified to work part-time minimum wage jobs at Barnes &amp; Noble, McDonald's, Kroger, Best Buy or PetCo, but who the hell is going to hire a 17 year-old with no job experience in this economy?

I almost always feel sick or hurt in some way (lately I've had really bad chest pain), but my mom always says I'm just faking it to get attention or to get out of work. Fuck that. Sometimes it gets so bad I don't even want to breath, but whenever we go to the doctor there's nothing to report. It's just a waste of money.

I've been diagnosed with depression before, and had to take a lot of Zoloft. Doc said I needed psychotherapy, to talk to a shrink, but that's too expensive for my family to afford. I acted like it helped, but really most of the happiness was only a skin-deep mask so that people would stop worrying. I used to just be so consumed by misery and doubt that I couldn't lift a finger without bursting into tears, but the way I feel now is totally different.

I just feel so hollow. I absolutely don't care about anything. I eat maybe one meal a day, drink a soda or something, get maybe four hours of sleep. I'm losing weight, and I was underweight to begin with. I can actually feel myself deteriorating, but I don't care anymore. I've lost interest in all the things I used to be interested in, abandoned all the burgeoning summer projects I had planned (I've accomplished nothing all summer). I'm detached, apathetic.

Unlike my last depression, where I was manic and emotional, I feel so rational and in control right now. Suicide just seems *correct.*

So why even continue? What do I have to live for right now? Nothing. No one. My future will be shit. Why force that on everyone else? I'm just going to continue to grow into some terrible parasite, why not just end it right here?"
"Reddit, I'll make this short and sweet. I've been suicidal for a long time, although I've definitely tried to make this life work.

I'm 25 years old. I go to a top university, where I'm completing a bullshit Master's degree. I'm not even depressed, just conscious about how shitty my life has become.

The worst blow came somewhat recently when an ex-girlfriend cheated on me. I also received an incurable case of genital warts. This  is a heavy burden to carry, not only because I did love her, but because my happiness was buried when I was diagnosed.

I don't believe in God. Just immeasurable, dull pain. 

The way I want to plan this, and you're welcome with your suggestions, is with a shotgun suicide. I need to change my Driver's License address, as I've moved recently. Then, I'll purchase said shotgun at a local WalMart, or something.

Rent a car, drive to a lake, smoke a cigar, drink a huge amount of whisky, and pop one in my skull.

How bad is the pain associated with this? 

I don't have any close family. I live by myself, in a far away city, in a lonely world. And I hate myself.

Edit: Lost all my friends... Getting older. Knee-deep in self-wallowing shit."
"I live in a major city that just had its gun ban lifted. I can't tie knots so the timing seemed perfect.

I'm 28. I was fired from my job and my girlfriend is leaving to get her masters. I had both the job and the girl for 3 years. Unfortunately, this is the 3rd time I've gone through a fired + dumped cycle like this.

Since college I've been on/off various antidepressants (Paxil, Wellbutrin) and anxiolytics (Xanax, Ativan, Klonopin). I've also been on ADD medications (Strattera, Adderall XR, and Vyvanse). 

Early this year I was feeling blue and my doctor put me on Cymbalta. This med was the beginning of the end for me. My productivity at work plummeted and I couldn't talk to anyone. I would lay in bed and do nothing; hide from the phone and avoid email. 

After fucking around with the dosage for a couple months, my doctor finally had me start the withdrawal process. Good news, Everyone! SSRI discontinuation syndrome (the ""Zaps"") is alive and well for SNRIs. (Props to Lilly for convincing the FDA to call it discontinuation instead of withdrawl).

Anyway, I don't have the $300 anymore and am being ambushed with $35.00 overdraft fees. My health insurance will end this month since I can't pay the COBRA dues. An eviction and car repossession are imminent. My savings and 401k are drained and I have no family to turn to.

---
TL;DR -- I've been fired/dumped 3 times in the past 7 years and don't have the energy or resources to rebuild this time."
"I am a 22 year old unemployed male who hasn't enrolled in school yet.  I am a parasite.  I am still living with my mom, eating her food, spending her money, and wasting her time. 

I tried to apply for financial aid a few days ago so I could be a little less worthless and get into school, but I can't even do that without her help. 

The job market is so bad in my area.  I have applied everywhere within skating distance but I haven't even received 1 call for an interview.  I have a car but I got in a wreck last year and fucked up the front end so now it won't pass inspection. I am afraid to drive it un-registered because if I got a ticket, I have no way to pay it, and I am afraid to ask my mom to help me get it fixed because that would just end up costing her (probably) more money than the ticket.

I sit at home waiting for my friends to get home from work so we can play some games.  I am really happy when I am gaming with my friends, but recently they have been spending more and more time with their girlfriends.  I am so selfish for wanting my friends to spend time with me.

The boredom is starting to get to me.  I want something to change, but I don't know how.  I am starting to think more and more about ending everything, but that would, again, be selfish of me because I know my family cares about me.  The more I think about it, the more it seems like a good idea.  No more money/time/resources wasted on this worthless excuse for a person.
"
"I have diarrhea constantly if I eat anything but candy. I quit eating anything about five months ago. I stopped eating anything but pasta and then eventually only soup, until a couple months ago when I started only with hard candy and gatorade. 

The doctors have only recently noticed that I've lost weight and are now finally giving me an endoscopy today, which I doubt will show anything. 

The stuff I have to talk about is how I really feel. I've been pretending to be fine for a while now, and there is a chance that things will be fine. I've been feeling hungry for so long it is starting to feel like torture. I look into my dad's face and he seems like he is laughing at me. Last night I was getting a drink and I saw him in the kitchen eating potato chips. He was crooning and enjoying them so much, and it hurts that I feel like I'm dying and he doesn't seem to notice. My parent's advice was to stop seeing doctors and just be natural and stuff. I get the feeling they would rather I just die. I hate that I am related to them and I am half decided that it is better that I die. The other half just wants to eat mayonnaise again and sit in the rain.

It is hell to starve but it is better than feeling pain. I am praying for death today in the hospital because I want my organs to be donated quickly so that there is chance they do some good. It would be nice to know I did something that helped out.

I need everyone to enjoy their meals today for me. "
"I'm just...really in a bad place right now. I don't know what came over me, but I just feel so sad now, and I was at least okay (not great, but ok) earlier. I'll be on AIM for a while, but I think I just need to not be alone right now. My screenname is Videlcoolgirl . If you consider it even at least, thanks. "
"I need to talk to someone immediately, I don't feel safe with my own thoughts right now and I need to vent."
"umm...
i was just wondering if anyone was around. it's tiring, crying by myself every night. i guess it's not too urgent... i promised myself that before i ever actually tried to kill myself, i'd call my mom...

but it's 5 am.... and i don't think my mom would be too happy with the phone call.

sorry.. guess this might be bothersome, but i guess they can always delete this if they don't like it? 

Hope you guys have a good night, in any case."
I'm an opiate addict with two kids and I'm going to kill myself. I started a company that's doing decently well but I used the company account for personal for a few months and now I'm scared I'm going to be audited. I've hated life for a long time and I'm socially awkward. I've had a gun in my mouth a few times before but can't bring myself to pull the trigger. I don't want to screw up my kids but I don't know how much longer I can take it. 
[removed]
"Alright guys. I tried to stay strong. I didn't want to be here. But here I am. 

My girlfriend of a couple years broke up with me recently. We're both very young (19 years old) but we've been living in our own apartment for nearly 2 years. Anyways, I made her my life, and now that she's gone I don't see any point in being here.

I'm not taking this too well. Every day I've been throwing up. I'm dehydrated. I'm hungry. But my stomach can't take it. I figure it will be easier to just take my life.

Yesterday I hung out with some friends. Tried to clear my mind. I started to feel pretty good. I just got out of the house and didn't talk to her much. I felt I could make it. Financially and emotionally. I saw some hope that maybe if I just give her space and time she'll change her mind. 

Today is totally different. I suck back into depression. I remember the past things we've done, the things we've achieved, and it takes me to the edge. I'm trying to not let her see me cry, so she can think that I'm strong, that I can make it through this. 

I love her. I spent 3 years of my life with her. She tells me she loves me, and yet we can't be together anymore. Who I am now is a direct result of her being in my life. And yet she took everything from me, and I'm expected to just what, deal with it?

I can't. I don't want to. 20 minutes ago I was in the bath tub holding a knife to my neck. This isn't like me. I'm a happy person. I've never thought of suicide before. I've never considered it before. But I'm sick of throwing up. Of not being able to eat and drink. My muscles are cramping from dehydration. Sick of the tears. 

I suppose posting here means I have some hope. But it's fading quick.

Edit: Thanks so much guys, for all the help. You've told me some amazing things. About myself, and otherwise. I'm going to take your advice and get together with some friends tonight, maybe try to get into a better mood. I want to respond to you each individually, but I'll have to do it later. Hopefully I can maintain the high spirits and not sink low again. I'll update you guys all tomorrow morning. Thanks again.

Edit 2: I'm back. Mood plummeted again, of course. I try to talk to her, to try and be her friend and she takes it as though I'm picking a fight. Weird, because she always throws the bullshit line: ""Why should I care? You're not my boyfriend anymore."" It kills me inside to hear those words because I'm still in love with her. I know I need to let go. But being near her drives me to tears, and once again to the thought of suicide. 

Edit 3: It's been a couple days since I last updated. Girlfriend walked in on me attempting last night. One side of me wants to continue on and believes things will get better, but the other side just doesn't care anymore. The second I'm left alone with myself I lose it. "
"Probably a more suiting post for r/offmychest, but whatever. Results are likely to be the same.

I struggle to form healthy relationships, meaning that I have never had one. As a kid I mentally isolated myself. I know I have a family, but I perceive my childhood as being alone the entire time. As a result, they don't know me and I don't know them. This has been a major source of stress for everyone since I moved out and more or less disappeared. I've never (literally, never) had a friend who wasn't using me somehow. Towards the end of high school I even accepted this fact and shamelessly whored myself out for the convenience of others. Doing their homework, giving them relationship advice (that worked), lending them money, displaying my acerbic wit, whatever it was they needed. I've had two best friends I thought were different. Neither regarded me as an actual human being and actually admitted to it.

I even got into a romantic relationship where my only purpose is to validate everything for the other person. All she ever wants is for me to bend and change to her needs and constantly reminds me that she couldn't love anyone else. We don't have an actual relationship on a personal level. I can't leave her because in my extreme, desperate desire for genuine human affection, I accept what I can get.

Know what really holds me back though, more than anything else? Instability. I'm fairly sure I'm insane in some sense of the word. It keeps me from motivating, organizing, succeeding. It's happened so many times. I decide on something, set a goal, determine an aspiration. And then one day I'm going along minding my own business, without any sort of trigger, and my mind just implodes with despair and hatred and just...anything. I find myself laying around for hours fantasizing about suicide and, at times, murder. Bloodshed under any number of names. Of course, I possess enough self-control to restrain myself. So, rather than go out swinging a blade at anything that moves, I collapse inward and mentally tear myself to pieces until it passes. And it always does, eventually. But by then I've lost sight of everything. It is an endless cycle. I hate myself.

I know that I'm not experiencing the world clearly. I know I should probably get extensive therapy and heavy medication. I know that I am already killing myself just by continuing to fake normalcy. I keep going like this because I don't want to conquer myself, rise above my problems and my pain and my personal **hell** only to find that my fellow human beings are still the ugly, apathetic, selfish people they were all along. I've tried so hard to be open and it's nearly destroyed me. To deal with that with a calm, lucid mind would be too much. 

What I want more than anything right now is to take a nice sharp knife and carve into my entire body. Not to die of course. But instead, to cover myself in an exclamation of denial to the world. To symbolize my rejection of normality and embrace...insanity, I guess. That would be the reason to do it. The scabs probably wouldn't even have time to become scars before I was dead at that point. The thought is so enticing. Particularly the thought of all that blood on porcelain, mixing with the water from a shower and washing away, the pain that would come with every movement.

Of course, everyone knows I don't want that completely or I wouldn't be talking about it, I'd be standing in front of the mirror doing it. I have no idea what to do or who to talk to because I can't fucking decide what I want for longer than 5 minutes. It fills me with nervous, frantic energy. I'm overcharged and coming undone. I would do anything for release, as long as I could make myself accept it."
You guys are doing very helpful things. Many thanks :)
[removed]
"im 25. i live alone in a nice apartment in a nice part of town next to a nice lake.  i have a bachelors of science, i work at a very prestigious job that pays me well.  i am out going and social.  i have lots of friends.  i play in a band on the weekend.  i am single and am desired by a lot of women.  im sorry if this sounds arrogant.  

the thing is... i hate myself.  i hate my life.  i feel so, so, so alone.  it doesnt help that i live alone. i drink a lot.  i just quit smoking.  i used to bring home random girls from the bar to hook up with.  ive lost interest in that though.  i feel my mind is slipping.  i have been miserable for a little over a year now.  last night i nearly killed myself.  i dont think i have the guts though.  instead i jsut drank myself into a stupor.  its sunday afternoon.  im supposed to go to band practice in a few hours.  i dont know what this has to do with anything.

fuck.  if someone wouldnt mind just chatting with me a bit on skype or something it would mean a lot.  thanks."
"1.800.SUICIDE is the number for Hopeline, the suicide prevention line for the Kristin Brooks Hope Center. Call them, and someone will talk to you. Just call and talk. You don't even have to say anything at all, just call. 

www.hopeline.com 

Just throwin' that out there...
"
[removed]
"I had been feeling pretty great up until a day ago or so. The last hour has been HELL. 

I think I realized, after seeing something here, that my suicidal ideation was due to desiring a symbolic suicide rather than a real one. It was a burden off of my shoulders and let me explore more options on what I could do to help myself. I had some residual stuff, like how to deal with ever having felt this way and how to move forward, but I was hopeful really.

But right now I am in another place, and it feels like I could be here awhile. I feel so frantic, I think it is like a panic attack but it is so gradual, over the course of an hour or so. I feel, this is hard to describe and may sound crazy, like I am going to commit suicide just because I feel this awful. I feel like I am disconnected, I feel like I keep going in a circles in my mind. I feel hopeless in an awful way, like everything is awful and morbid and just, I am so stressed right now. If anyone wants to ask me anything about it, go ahead, I just need to feel better.I f

"
"When I'm talking myself out of downing a whole bottle of xanax, I try to think of all the people I would hurt, but I always decide they would get over it and be better off without me in the long run.  [This](http://imgur.com/uBMsW.jpg) is my dog, Bucky.  You know how whenever you leave the house, your dog freaks out like you're not coming back, and when you come back it's the best thing ever?  If I just decided I was going to cease to exist, there would be no way I could make Bucky understand that I think in my twisted mind that I'm doing a favor to the world.  All he would know is that his mom left one day and she really never came back.  He would feel nothing but straight up abandonment.  So when I'm having a really hard time and I look at the xanax and I start drafting the note in my head, I go snuggle with Bucky until the feeling passes.  He needs me and I'm not going to let him down.  And I'm not going to let the people in my life down either, because in those rare moments when I can be rational, I know that they're not just going to get over it and be better off without me.  If you are depressed, one of the best things you can do is get a dog.  Trust me on this. "
"It's coming up to a year that I lost my girlfriend to a rare cancer and I thought I was doing ok but now the milestone is coming it really is hitting home. 

She was diagnosed May 25th last year and passed away on the 18th of August. So within 3 months my life was turned upside down, a very bumpy time of my life.

For the past few months i keep feeling alot of anger building up where i just want to smash everything in sight and have thought about ending it on almost a daily basis. Add to that my work, as I work in the public sector in the UK the government is making huge cutbacks and all i hear about is redundencies which adds to my stress and anger.

It has come to the point that I keep telling myself if I lose my job I'm just going to end it rather than deal with the stress of it all, because I'm feeling very burnt out.

Don't know why I thought I'd post on here, looking for help and suggestions I guess? I've not really brought up my feelings with friends and family as when I do it makes them very uncomfortable and I can tell they are itching to change the subject so what's the point?

Help me reddit..."
"*For the record, I am not suicidal or depressed whatsoever, just wanted to ask a question.*

Bascially, my father was a royally fucked-up person. He was often in-and-out of jail, completely poor, homeless, likely a pedophile, and an alcoholic. An extremely bad alcoholic. I saw him every so often, but I was never really *that* attached to him. I live(d) with my mother, step-dad, and some siblings. He wasn't really a part of anything. 

So a few years back, when I was 12, he went out to the desert in Arizona and killed himself. When I heard the news I cried about as hard as I would if I scraped my knee. Nothing really changed. 

After this happened, my mother noticed something about me; I was a lot like my father. I took up playing guitar (which I found out later was one of his favorite things), and started listening to music (which, coincidentally I ended up liking the same bands as he did, without even knowing it. Turns out we both really like the Rolling Stones). I inherited some physical attributes similar to his as well, such as my hair type and whatnot. 

This made me nervous about two things: alcohol and suicide. I've already decided that alcohol is never, ever going to be a part of my life. Not to say I'll never drink, but I've read that alcoholism can be genetic, and I want to avoid that road as much as possible. This brings me to the other thing: suicide.

Now, my father was obviously quite depressed. He probably drank to cover his depression. Now, my mother is also quite depressed, but she's on antidepressants and she doesn't drink or anything. That means I have depression on both sides of my family.

I just want to know if these things put me at an increased risk of depression, suicidal tendencies, etc. I know there's not much to do about it if it does, but I still wanna know. 

**tl;dr: dad killed himself and I'm lots like my dad. Is that bad?**"
"Hey everyone. I am not sure if this is the right place to post, because I am not actively suicidal, but I don't know where else to leave it. 

My long-term, live-in girlfriend and I recently broke up. I have been pretty torn up about it. Lots of talk about marriage and all that, growing old together. I like to think that I have pretty strong coping skills: plenty of good friends to spend time with, staying busy with school, working out, creating art and playing music, all the typical stuff you'd see recommended for this situation. 

The only thing is, when I find myself alone, right before bed or early in the morning, I find a lot of comfort in the idea that I could kill myself. It's not even that I want to. But the notion that, if things keep feeling worse and worse inside, I always have an exit strategy; that idea keeps sticking with me. It concerns me. I am an extremely happy person the vast majority of the time. And I hope that with time, the feeling will go away. I just want some advice on how to push these thoughts away. I don't want to find comfort in them, but I do. I am moving away soon, and I will be in a new city with no friends within easy driving distance. I know I can make more pretty easily, but during the transition I will have more alone time than I am used to. 

Anyone who has advice on how to dismiss these sort of thoughts would be a real blessing right now. I don't want things to progress any more than they have, which is already creeping me out.  "
"Ugh. Here's a run down (I really should have the TL;DR at the end, but who cares?)

* I can't get a girlfriend

* Since coming out, a lot of people have reacted to it quite negatively

* This Gulf spill has been fucking with me

* My family life is seriously deteriorating

* I'm not seeing any hope

* no one pays attention anymore

So, for the past two or three years, I've been trying to get myself a girlfriend. Nothing serious, just someone to have a bit of a deeper than friendship relationship with. However, everyone that I pursue (that kinda sounds stalkerish) turns me down or starts dating someone the week before I ask them out. It's getting to the point where I doubt I'll ever find anybody to have a relationship. 

I'm bi (I'm a guy) and I just came out. Sure, most of my close friends have known for a while, but last week or so, I came out to people in general, including my parents. It hasn't gone swimmingly. I go to a Catholic school, so people used to only work on suspicions. Even then, I got my locker trashed, kicked, tripped, shoved around. One of my friends who **was** openly bi all year long used to get beat up every week. I've been getting hate messages and some of my old 'friends' have cut contact from me. I'm worried about what's going to happen come September when I start school...

This entire Gulf Oil Spill affair has seriously been bringing me down and fucking with my mind. I'm destroyed by the toll it's taking on the Gulf, a region that I love. I can't believe that people are starting to forget about it and are just going back to their oil addiction. I feel terrible every time we fill up at the pump. The fact that human greed is willing to just brush this aside like BP is doing appalls me and makes me hate the world around me. Hearing about all of the people losing their jobs and even committing suicide over this is horrid.

Then again, I didn't have much family life to begin with. Fights every 10 minutes, my sister abused me physically and mentally from about 7 or 8 to 13. 

It seems like no one listens to me anymore. I try to describe my depression, but people blow it off as teen angst. Now even I'm torn between the idea that it's real, or am I just an attention-whore?"
"Female/22. I'm really scared. 

I have a wonderful boyfriend whom I love with everything I can muster. He is just an amazing, amazing person and I love having him in my life. I put him on a bit of a pedestal, but I really just have a strong admiration for his character. I respect him a lot. And on good days, we have a lot of fun together. I love spending time with him.

But I'm sad. I'm just... always sad. And nothing he does seems to make it stop. 
I don't want to try new things. Or even if I really *do* want to, I feel physically sick if he tries to pull me out of my comfort zone at all. My ""comfort zone"" is usually my bed or his, with a laptop and whatever food I'm craving at the time. Fine, in moderation, but this is no way to live life. I don't want to spend my youth wasting away in front of a computer. But the second he comes up with an idea, even if I'm all gung-ho about it, the headaches and stomach cramps start, anxiety kicks in, and I just want to go home. It makes him miserable. I know it does. What a weight to put on the one you love...

He's very social and I love that about him, but I'm so anxious around people that I'm uncomfortable in crowds. But then I get jealous and feel rejected if he tries to go out and have fun on his own. I feel ashamed that I'm not better for him. I *want* to be the social butterfly I once was. I want to put myself out there and relax and have a good time. I want him to see that side of me and fall in love with me all over again, but it never works. Even when I'm putting on a happy face, he knows it's not real. 
In general, I feel insecure, like I'm just not good enough for him. Deep down, I know that this person isn't me. I feel like I'm trapped in the body of someone who is depressed and I feel so powerless.

The past several weeks, he's started to express his worry about our fundamental differences: my need for comfort and his love of the unfamiliar. He thrives off adventure, he loves not knowing what a day will bring. But in order to keep from freaking out, I need things to be planned and prepared and cautious. We love eachother, but this is a major, major deal-breaker.

I would *love* to relax and let go and go on adventures with him. I have always wanted to travel and eat strange foods and meet interesting people, but I feel like I just don't have the strength. Knowing this, he feels it's best to call it quits. He wants to live his life and I am holding him back. He has tried to break up with me at least twice this month. 

I don't know what to do. All I can do is cry. I ran the sharp edge of a pocketknife down my arm tonight and it felt like a small release. 

I don't know anything that I'm doing in my life, I feel like this is all there is. I can't pull myself out of this depression, and I'm tearing him down with me. I have no close friends, no job, couldn't put the effort into any degree and dropped out... I'm stuck in this small town. We were supposed to move to another city together and start over, but now he thinks it's best to go alone. He's going to leave me. He was the love of my life and I wrecked it.

I just don't see the point in living anymore. I can't try any more. It's too much. 

EDIT: I woke up this morning and read all of your replies and cried again because I'm so grateful. It just feels so good to know that it's not over. I have a doctor's appointment in two hours, so I will be back to let you know what she says. I'm nervous as hell and I can't stop thinking about my boyfriend, but I need to plug through this day. 
*Thank you* so much for responding to me. It must get overwhelming in this subreddit, but I feel like I came to the right place. 

EDIT 2: Well I went to the doctor and she diagnosed me as clinically depressed. She gave me a prescription for Cipralex, which I start tomorrow. I'm going to try to kick this. I'm going to try to be my own person again. Thank you for your encouragement and support. It means the world to me right now."
"Send me a message with some basic information about yourself and I may just give you my phone number.  I'm extremely tired of trying to clear my head with senseless writing.  I'd like an honest-to-god conversation with someone who isn't an idiot, and I'll be here all night."
"So I've been severely depressed now going on almost a year, came very close to killing myself a couple of times.  I used a service they have at work to go talk to someone privately and she set me up with some meds and that has kept me above the ""I want to die"" line for a while now, but tonight I've reached my wits end.

The one thing I have kept holding on to was that I didn't want to hurt my wife and kids.  Even still, I kept having dreams every few nights about killing myself in various ways, but I was able to mainly ignore them.  The last couple of weeks though, these dreams have turned horrible.  I find it difficult to even think about them and it's taken me hours to get up the courage to type this.  In my dreams, I have been killing everyone first and then killing myself...

So first to be clear, I've NEVER been a violent person and if I were to ever hurt my family, I know for sure that would be the end of me, no question.  It's been like torture, seeing these images over and over and over again.  I'm afraid to go asleep, and I lay awake at night wondering how shit like that even comes out of my brain and I spend most of my time these days terrified that something could happen and I ""snap"" and act out?  Christ, the mere thought of that right now is making me twitch.  

I certainly can't talk to my wife about this, I don't want to scare her.  It took me months to work up the courage to tell her I was even talking to a damn therapist.  So here's pathetic me, no friends I can confide in, and trying to decide if I should kill myself to protect my family from me.  I just can't frigging take it anymore.....  I fucking die every few nights.

I'm sorry for pissing all over your night... I just don't know what else to do.  "
"*Before I provide the details of my current situation and state, allow me to start from the beginning to give you some context. I'll try to make it as brief as I can, but I know it is still a freakin book. **In fact it's a little too large. So I've split it into a post and a comment.** The last part should stand by itself, so if you do not wish to read it all, you can skip there. However, to understand why I am asking what I am, the full context is important:*

**The Very Beginning:**

Coincidently before my life even started I was faced with the prospect of an untimely demise. My mother and father were told something was wrong and that it was unlikely that I would open my eyes to the light of the world they lived in. I do not know the exact details as to what was happening at the time, but as my mother's pregnancy matured things took a turn for the worse and it cultimated in a very early delivery. As the doctors worked around the clock to save the baby, it became apparent to that not only the baby was at risk, but the mother as well. The family was informed of what might happen...  As a helicopter was rushing to the local hospital to take her to a better prepared facility -- I was born. My mom survived. The doctors were wrong, and very thankfully so.

**My Childhood:**

My parents were farmers on a generational farm, and as a kid this was a fantastic place to be. I had a brother and sister that were very close, and family was a large part of our life. My brother and I would run amok around the large farm, helping with choirs and 'jobs' wherever we were able... even going as far as to once 'clean' the barn with mud, not realizing the importance of soap.  

During this time we also received our first computer, in the form of a Tandy. It was a mesmorizing machine and my brother and I would spend the occasional hour tinkering with it inbetween our shenanigans around the farm. We soon found that by modifying various files, we could alter our favorite games and create new levels. At the time we were not so much interested in the reason of why or how it worked, but rather that it allowed us to play on each other's challenging levels.
My childhood was full of great things that most childhoods are, and I feel I was blessed with many more than most.

**My Early Teens:**

As time progressed my brother largely lost interest in computers, but my interest grew into an obsession. During the day I went to school and worked around the farm. At night I spent many hours sitting in front of my computer... I ran several gaming related websites that were largely basic HTML and javascript, but later evolved into PHP/MySQL sites. I found creating websites and writing code very empowering, and largely enjoyed the fact that I could create something out of seemingly nothing. I learned C/C++ and wrote many applications in spare time just for the heck of it.

During this time I enjoyed high popularity and a great social circle at school. I was not a terrific student, but I usually kept at least a B average. It was also during this time that I realized programming wasn't a skill most people had, including but not limited to the school administration. From this I realized I could easily obtain access to directories on teachers' machines, and was able to replace their grade entering application with my own look alike. Even though the teachers still 'audited' their grades with pencils at the end of a quarter so the temporary changes were only reflected in mid-quarter report cards, at the time I thought it was great... and so did the people who I helped out with A's.

**My Mid/Late Teens:**

After being caught by teachers for breaking into the school's 'security', my demeanor grew to be largely confrontational with authority and I let everyone know it. I mostly restricted my outbursts to people whom I felt abused their power but also to my regret also hurt some that were trying to help, such as my parents. I guess I was the typical stereotypical teenager. My 9th grade year was spent mostly in the confines of our 'detention room' forced to do schoolwork. My grades faltered but my friendships and social circle did not. I had a very large group of friends and remained very popular and usually happy despite lengthy periods of detention...  That is until high school.

In high school I began skipping school to go to the college library to learn more about programming and computers. My teachers and parents did not respond well, and I pushed back. I disagreed with what was being taught to me, and thought I could do a better job myself. I am still glad I took my education into my own hands, but it resulted in me being with withdrawn from school and friends. 

In my Junior year I started becoming occasionally terrified of people for no apparent reason, and thought it was some strange form of stage fright. I didn't really worry much about it. Little did I know it was the first emerging signs of Schizophrenia. 

At the end of my junior year, I decided to drop out to show my disgust with the system and those I was on bad terms with (including my parents). Though at the time nobody agreed with my decision and let me know it (everyday), it allowed me to focus on my own education. I was by no means giving up. Following dropping out I read countless books related to programming and was taking my GEDs for college as well. I used my knowledge to write various applications and sell them online (they were not the best of the best, but people bought them). By no means did it give me funds to support myself, so I also worked full-time as a farm-hand. 

My teens were rough, but I had the future to look forward to and also college, which became a possibility when I earned my GED with some of the highest scores possible.
"
"I just want to start by saying I'm a very poor writer so please forgive any grammar mistakes and my poor writing in general.

I'm 19 years old and I've had depression since I was about 13 or14 and bad social anxiety for the past 3 or 4 years. I've always been a quiet person and never had many friends but just over a year ago my best friend stopped accepting my phone calls or responding to texts and just completely cut off contact with me. We were best friends for almost 5 years and did everything together and had all the same friends so when he cut me off he took all our friends with him and none of them have tried to contact me. I still don't know why he did it but it made my depression really bad and I had to drop out of college my first semester which really let my parents down.

The only other person I knew who worked at the same grocery store with me has stopped wanting to talk I haven't had a real conversation with her in about 4 months since I quit at the grocery store. I understand though. I'm very awkward and nervous around her even though I've known her for almost 2 years and now that I see her less I'm even more nervous with her. I don't expect she'll try to contact me.

Now all I do is work my new job which at least keeps my mind off my life but on weekends I spend most of my time crying in my bed. I've tried medication and therapy but they didn't really work out for me. I'm just really frustrated with people. Everyone has friends and no room for anyone else. I don't have anybody left to talk to. I'm home alone now for 2 weeks and I'm afraid I'm going to try to kill myself. I just want to give up. I'm only 19 and I wake up every morning hating life so much it physically hurts. I don't see things getting any better for me. I don't really know what else to say. Thanks for reading."
"With love, from Canada: [Burton Cummings](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCc8wyBBsbA&amp;NR=1)

"
"Holding, just by the strings of the web, barely. So beautiful (the web design) and crazy, destruction everywhere, but the web is holding still. Such a mess. But still barely in order. Just enough. Just hope the web can be sustained for a while...any moment i feel something big can mess it up. But it would have to be just big enough. Im stable, but a little unstable too. I still think about death a lot. Just keeping it in mind. "
[removed]
"I blew my chance to get better. Not many people get to move away from home and get a fresh start, at least not where I come from. I failed. I though a change of location would be enough. It's not. I never tried honestly to change who I am. Even when I made friends there, I was lonely and hollow inside. I am to bitter over the experiences I never had. It feels like I was robbed of them. And there's no way to make up for it. No way anyone could. Nothing will ever be enough.

I've felt myself slowly go down this hole for the last couple of months. I'm back to where I was almost two years ago. Just like in highschool, I'm spending time alone in a dark room picking scabs from my face. I got fat and I avoid mirrors again. What was supposed to be a short trip home turned into a ""until further notice"" stay. I can't face the few friends I have looking like this. It's not that they don't know I'm a loser, but this is too low even for me.

I don't even want to die anymore. I honestly don't care, I hate how I used the word I a million times by now. It feels like I'm already dead. When there's no way and no time for growth and change, you might as well be dead. I locked myself in, choosing a shitty major I now can't change without losing a full year of my life (did I already mention one of my biggest issues is time I percieve as lost?) thus delaying even further any change of happiness. 

And I don't even want to be happy. I just want to feel content like other normal mediocre people. I just want to not be the person that's outside looking in. I don't want to be the one that has to get on facebook to pretend he has a social life. Not the one that reads twitter updates from the dancefloor. That's all. With all the shit I'm going through, you'd think I'm looking for self-actualization.

Well, sorry I bored you to death once more. This is all so mundane and trivial, isn't it? Oh well. I'm gonna go back to not studying for important tests that are coming up this month. Just sitting here, watching my life slipping by.

Is this even appropriate for this place? Feel free to ban me."
"I apologize for the ramble. My thoughts aren't very organized right now.


My girlfriend and I were in a long-distance relationship for almost two years. The plan was for me to move to be with her after I graduated college, which I just did. The problem has always been that she lives in another country. With or without her, I want to move there, but now it feels even more difficult.


We fought a lot, mostly due to my mood swings (I'm bipolar), and I was never really able to get a grasp on how to control them (I am on medication) as much as I tried. I've always been overemotional, moody and irrational, I guess, and I feel like it's ultimately what ruined the relationship. I don't take all the blame, but most of it is mine. It got to the point where she would tell [small] lies because she was afraid of what my reaction would be. I was/am also jealous of her friends and her outgoing life because I feel like I don't have any friends, and I just sit around all day being bored and depressed. This, of course, didn't help matters. We only broke up on Monday, and it was extremely sudden. That morning/afternoon, she was calling immigration, and I was looking for jobs in her country, and that evening we were done. I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to deal with this because she does still love me and vice versa.


On top of that, I'm doing the whole job search thing, which is just ultimately depressing. I don't know where to look for jobs. I'm completely unhappy where I live, but I don't think I'll be able to find anything internationally, and I feel like no one would want to hire someone who isn't a citizen anyway. I know that I should take whatever job I can find (as everyone seems to say), but I know I would just be unhappy, and I don't think I can deal with that. I basically just cry the whole time that I look for jobs here. Technically, I've just cried all day since Monday.


Because I'm graduating, I also will no longer have insurance, and I'm not sure what to do about that. I've gotten worse, and I told my girlfriend that I would do my best to get better, but now it just feels hopeless. I need to talk to someone, and I need to keep taking my medication.


I'm also still holding out hope that she'll decide she wants to be with me still, but I doubt it's going to happen. I think I'm just too much for her to take, which just continues my cycle of losing friends because I lose control of my life once it gets to around the 2 year point. Right now I am just giving her space.


I've also been looking into going to a school internationally, but I've realized that I actually can't get into any school because my GPA is too low, which reinforces my believe that I'm just completely stupid.
I really just don't know what to do. I feel completely lost, and more and more I'm getting to the point where I don't want to be here anymore. I just don't know how to deal with everything.


Any help? Again, sorry for the ramble."
"After seeing me have panic attacks my mother made me an appointment with my doctor. Just a regular family doctor I guess. I am not sure what to tell him, and I am not sure I want to get put on pills. I just see people say the pills made it worse or don't help and I get scared I'll get sucked into this cycle of being dependent on pills that don't work and make me feel worse or something, or they will just make me completely numb and strung out. I'm pretty nervous about that.

Background, probably pertinent:

I do not think that I am depressed, by the way. Really the only symptom I have is hopelessness, but boy do I have that. Today I was so low I felt like I didn't even feel, like everything was awful and everything is just pointless. At night, I can't sleep, I'll be really tired but once I start to go to sleep I just think these awful things and then I can't sleep. I got to bed at 3 last night and woke up at 7, without an alarm. I get to feeling like I will never feel better, like it is impossible to after this, but I got a little hopeful at the though that probably everyone going through shit thinks it will never end.

I feel like I'm a little different from some other people on SW, I don't feel suicidal because of a string of events, I just feel bad inside and like everything is not just pointless but awful. I thought/think it's boredom, I came home this summer and didn't talk to any friends and just went through day to day killing time until I had panic attacks and then suicidal thoughts. I am scared because after the thoughts came the first thing I did was set up a pretty rigid schedule of sleeping/exercising, and now I have been seeing friends but here I am.

Sorry this turned into me re-hashing the same story, but thanks if you made it this far. "
"I'm 20, just got out of the Navy as a Rescue swimmer in march, due to a shoulder injury, I have an awesome girl, awesome apartment, awesome job, awesome car. But I'm fucking depressed as shit. Like, I'm outgoing, always the ""happy"" guy. Because I want those around me to be happy, and partly to hide how fucked up I am. I just get to the point i want to put my head under a pillow for a month, and just hide. I get very frequent suicidal thoughts, and I'm not the one to talk about it. I consider myself intelligent, and know all about the whole cry for attention thing, shit, I've had more than a few conversations with suicidal/depressed people in different venues, and I know my own arguments, but they don't seem to help me. I need to do something about this, because everytime i crash I genuinely feel like i lose a piece of myself. I'm getting worn out...and just tired. Could this be a chemical balance or a mental illness? I know i havent covered much, but I'll answer questions as truthfully and fully as I can if that will help."
"I have been feeling very depressed very suddenly in the last 8 days.  (It really snuck up on me).  I've been dealing with money issues and its been taking a toll on my mental health.  Basically, I have a representative payee who mucked up my financial situation so much with Social Security that I might be homeless soon and I lost all energy to combat it (even after getting legal help from Protection and advocacy).  I've been speaking to my fiance about it and even gotten to the point of constantly feeling like I just want to end it all.  I've even tried to talk to our local suicide/crisis hotline, and nothing makes me feel better.  I feel so down and yet I want to desperately feel better.  I'm usually someone who enjoys the small things of life, but its not helping anymore, especially when I get overwhelmed by the terror of being homeless.   My fiance keeps trying to cheer me up, but nothing is working.  Its been hard because I know I need help, but when I speak to my supports about being helped, no one seems to get the picture.  I just really want to give up and dissappear but honestly I know suicide is a quick cheap answer to a temporary problem, but when I feel like my quality of life is suffering so bad that it seems like the only answer, I just can't stand being in my own skin.  "
"Wife left me. I have a lot of financial problems. I'm manic as hell. I figure that what with all the new earth like planets found by the Kepler mission there must be alien life out there and they must have done the logical thing: sent out a bunch of self replicating Von Nuemann probes and stuck every one in a matrix. 

Well I want out. So it's time to find out what's on the other side.

I don't have enough pills to do anything but knock me out for a few days so I figure why not jump off that new bridge they're building.
I'll be the first. It will be great, diving off head first into the rocks below.

People suck. I had a lot of stuff and money stolen from me in the last few weeks. I'm on disability so it will take forever to recover. Why not now. It's the perfect time to kill myself in this world and see what's on the other side.

Good bye

edit: Hello

Well I went on a adventure and came back in better health. I need Marinal. I'm going to my doctor and telling me to give me some Damnital or I'm going over his head and get Fuckital.

A little bit about myself. I wrote autocopy for firefox. The bugmenot plugin. You know how it automatically fills out the form for you. I did the original work on that. I also wrote some software for an energy services company. I like nuclear energy. LFTR kicks ass as an idea.

I made the front page of the local news paper once [here](http://www.scribd.com/doc/18514008/Reluctant-Messiah). God appeared to me in a tree while I was under the influence of pot and nitrus oxide. She changed my name and everything. But that's another story. I'm also bisexual. This news paper thing is kinda the culmination of having a lot of heavy shit put on me all at once and was how I was first diagnosed bipolar. I'm currently diagnosed scizoeffective and had been diagnosed with aspergers."
"**Edit**: This is not a to-the-second emergency, but what *has* been building has been building with a lot of conviction and determination. In other words, were this to escalate much further, I would more than likely follow through.


Reddit, this has been a very gradual, very long-term, serious build up in the past year or so. I've struggled with bipolar disorder my whole life, but I've been medicated for a few years, and things have really improved for me. The eating problems had slowed down, the cutting stopped, I was keeping my head up and making awesome progress. I wasn't feeling sorry for myself or talking to other people about my problems, etc.

Reality has hit hard recently. My best friend since childhood died not too long ago. I've become more aware of the world around me, and therefore, very depressed about the state of things and my inability to change them. I try to speak up, and I get ridiculed for my opinions or called a ""bitch"", as all outspoken women do.

My family is bankrupt. I am almost out of money, and am about to graduate from college. My dad has massive problems controlling his emotions and is constantly taking it out on the family. It's tearing my brother, my mom and I apart. It keeps getting worse, he keeps getting worse, we're on pins and needles all the time. No matter what I say to him, he goes on the defensive and starts yelling.

Now I've become bitter and angry. I lash out at people a lot, and I can tell when I'm in a bad spot. I apparently can't take a joke. I've never done well with people, ever, in any context. I mean, typical sort of thing around here, I don't fit in, can't make close friends, hate the way I look, etc. etc. The usual culprits.

I went through the teen angst attention suicide stuff (though a lot of it was founded in something legitimate... rotten past including sexual abuse and stuff). I was hospitalized in the mental ward for a week, bounced around on meds, and stuck with a psychiatrist that I hate. My psych*ologist* was great, but I feel like she's been with me for so long that she'll assume this is just me not letting things go.

But this feels different. This feels real, and legitimate. I can't associate with people anymore without feeling either hostile or attacked. I'm constantly paranoid, about everything. I'm always afraid of being attacked or dying in some way, and I'd rather it happened on my own terms. It feels like the usual ball of confusion, but more focused. I wish I could coherently assemble everything that's going on so that you guys could give some legit advice, but I feel so far gone right now...

Disordered eating has reemerged, as has some cutting, massive depression (sleeping excessively, lashing out), drinking more.

I'm early 20's female, on and off Lithium (have been on lately, not a meds issue... I think), sick of taking up space when my existence only seems to impact other people negatively.

Finally, I do NOT speak up about this anywhere else. No moping, no complaining or showing any indication that anything is wrong. This all sounds so stereotyped, but it's not. I've BEEN the steretype. I am living my life as a structured, well-meaning, ambitious young woman headed for success with no indication of problems, other than occasional PMS. But I'm teetering on a dangerous brink, and I feel like it won't take much more to send me over the edge."
"I've been searching for some answers to cut to the core of my dysthymia.  I decided to start reading some of the entries from my journal, which I started writing when I was 18 (I'm 24 now). I realized that back then, I was wrestling with a lot of the same issues that I am now. I didn't know what to do with my life, I didn't know why I was sad and upset all the time (though I understand it more now), and I had an extremely low level of self-esteem/confidence. I started to put the pieces together and I realized that, for the better part of my life, I've been going through the motions, and I never really asked myself ""what do you want to be when you grow up?"". I simply never had an answer. I was asked that a few years ago when I was at a stupid orientation for the second time at Starbucks, the guy was asking everyone ""what did you want to be when you were growing up?"" and I was the only one that stopped and said ""I don't know... I never had an answer"" and he made some stupid quip about how it's ""always good to dream"". I never put much thought to that. When I graduated college almost 2 years ago I was so depressed, and now I realize it was because I hated my major, and I did it because everyone said I was ""good at it"" and ""I could make a lot of money"". I really tried hard to like it. I tried a few jobs and an internship related to my major, and I just got fired from the one I had because my boss said I didn't like my job enough. I look at all my friends who have jobs that they like, they work hard and party after, and all I can think about is how I wasted a whole day at work and now I have to catch up on the things I like to do, not get totally wasted and celebrate. 

What this triggers in me is really negative, suicidal thoughts. Thoughts that I will never figure out what I want in life, and that all of these ""interests"" (music, audio engineering, film, photography, art in general, skating, social issues, whatever) are just hobbies that I will never be that great at, and that I could never possibly be able to survive on. The major that I chose (Info Systems) completely destroyed my love for science, because it reduced it to a service industry, just like my job right now, delivering pizzas. I worked with computers my whole life, but don't think I ever thought to myself ""I want to be a Database Admin/System Admin/Project Manager/Programmer when I grow up""...and yet I wasted 4 1/2 years learning how to do that. I moped around for the last 18 months wondering what happened to my life.  I think a lot of it goes back to depression, because a lot of times, I can't tell what makes me happy anymore.. nothing does, not even the things I like doing, so how can I decide on one thing to do? I wonder what if I chose to do one of these things, and then I wake up in 5 years and wonder why I'm doing this all over again? What the fuck is the point? I don't even know where to begin now. I feel like I was robbed of the past 10 years of my life because of depression and now I have to start all over again, with no direction, no support, no one to relate to. Everyone is off reaping the benefits of a life of hard work, traveling, working jobs they love, getting married, and I feel like I'm 14 all over again. Has anyone else gone through this? Can anyone tell me what to do? I almost don't even care anymore. I feel like just dying at like 32 or something, so I can at least live out my 20's and give up when it's over. It's incredibly short sighted, but that's the story of my life I guess."
"I was going to go talk to someone at the local university Psychological clinic, but I called back and canceled a day later. I just couldn't bring myself to whine to someone half my age about my problems. 

And I didn't know what to tell them if they asked me about suicidal thoughts or feelings. Truthfully I think about it daily, but I don't want to tell that to someone who could have me locked up."
"I don't think I was made in a way that is functional. Everything I have done in my life has ended poorly, and I am incapable of doing things that normal people do every day. I am extremely lonely. There is some subtle context to human interaction that I am missing. People like me for a while, and then I always do or say something that seems fine to me, but whoever I'm talking to suddenly gets a weird look and they leave. It's like I'm flying through life with blinders or something. I keep shooting in the dark and missing everything.

I just don't know why I should keep trying anymore."
"My psych prescribed me prozac 3 months ago. I ran out 2 weeks ago, waiting for new prescription. I have aspergers and depression, 17 at college.

I feel like shit :/ I feel dead inside and my head feels like a huge mess, like someones trampling on me. Ive got so desperate to change how I feel I found some of my old ritalin just to try and get me thinking straight atleast.

I dont see an end for feeling like this, and I overthink everything and my mind gets confused and I end up thinking my girlfriend is doing things/treating me in ways she isnt.

I dont know whether im suicidal but I cant stand this anymore :( My parents spend every waking moment having a go at me it feels like, my dad wanted to have a chat with me tonight but due to my ritalin giving me headaches when it's wearing off I couldnt be bothered and atm, I've taken some melatonin so I can sleep and not feel like this :/

Every night is a matter of running the clock out so I can slip into the bliss of sleep, where nothing I do hurts me or anyone else."
"I'm fighting myself right now. I don't know if I should just delete this post and walk away, and do it, or not. 

I can't do it now since my family is around and I don't want my brother and sister to see it. 

I'm in debt, I am struggling in college right now, I feel alienated by my family. I've lost the better part of the greatest relationship I've been in. I had to move home, I have no friends, I have... nothing.

I was doing fine but... it all just hit me, all at once."
"There have been times in my life when I was not sure I wanted to live anymore.  Thinking about suicide as seriously as I have been lately is new, though, and I know I need help.  After reading articles online for people thinking about suicide, I consciously know that life may be worth living if I can get through this and turn things around.

What I don't know how to do though is tell my friends and family.  Do I just say, ""so, I've been thinking about killing myself lately.""  How do I even bring it up?  How do I ensure that they understand that this is a real issue with me?  I'm good at pretending I'm ok so I know this will be unexpected for them.  I'm worried at how they'll respond."
"Reddit, my whole life has been punched in the nutsack. I was set to join the military, ready to commit myself to something I didn't really believe in to get where I wanted to be, an ends justify the means sort of deal, when it was found that I have a condition that disqualifies me from joining (I don't want to get specific, it's a physical problem, not psychological). All at once I realized that not only do I not have a plan B, I put EVERYTHING I had into plan A. Basically what I'm looking for is advice. I'm going to try to remove as many specifics as possible because I'm terrified one of my friends or family will find this.

First, some facts:

- I have done about 52 semester hours worth of college, but my grades were terrible (mostly Cs, a few Bs, I'm not stupid I'm just an idiot when it comes to applying myself)

- I have roughly $152 in my bank account, and my $342 car payment isn't due until September 9th.

- My car is worth $13500 (roughly) and I owe $16200 on it.

- I am currently living with my Dad, who will let me live with him for free as long as I'm going to school.

- My Grandma will pay for me to go to school if I can prove I'm a [state I live in] resident and get the [state I live in] resident tuition, which I can't do because I never got a Driver's License when I moved here and all of my bills are online.

- I pay $60 a month for my cell phone, which I absolutely will not get rid of.

- My insurance for my car is roughly $90 a month.

- I have absolutely no skills. I am decent with computers. I'm good at pretending I'm not depressed. I have no certifications, and the only classes I've taken have been general education stuff (English, History, Biology etc.)

- I have a $900 laptop, but it wouldn't sell for that much. I could probably get $750-800 for it tops. Selling it would only be a temporary solution, and I'd have to buy something cheaper to replace it.

- I also have a custom-built desktop that I could probably sell for $400 or so. It has an overclocked Athlon II 245, 5670, 4GB Ram, and I have a 19"" 1440x900 TV/monitor I could include with it for like $100 more. Again, selling this would only be a temporary solution.

Basically, shit doesn't add up. I have $500 a month in expenses, and if I'm going to school full time (if I can even pull that off) in order to stay in my Dad's house, I won't be able to work much. I'll basically be a slave to school and work and I'm just completely sick of it. I want to go to school but I want a little financial freedom too. I'm stuck with my car and it makes me rage that I can't do anything about it except deal with it.

I'm sure I sound like a whiny little bitch that has it better than a lot of people but that doesn't change the fact that I'm completely more stressed out than I'm used to, and it's really wearing on me emotionally. Agh, I'm not sure if I captured my situation completely, I just feel like my only choice is to go through life, and I don't get the option to be happy. It's draining. "
"Alright, so life is crap. I'm pretty much at the point where I don't care about anything anymore because everything I care about ends up hurting me. And if there's nothing in life to care about, then life is pointless.


My wife and I are currently in a pattern of about 3 days fighting/arguing to 1 day of peace and happiness. She has almost walked out a couple of times because it seems like the fights never change. It's always something stupid that starts it, but then it spirals into an all-out mess. As I feel it starting I put the breaks on and slow myself, but it really feels like she just wants to be mad. She won't slow down and talk, she just explodes into a fight.


A lot of the arguments are my fault. I'm almost convinced I have Aspergers (slight Austism runs in my family), and I know that affects my perception of people, what they're saying, and therefore my relationship with them (my wife included). I've mentioned this to my wife, and she just blew me off with ""you don't have Aspergers. You're fine."" It seems like the only time she enjoys being around me is when we're out doing something -- which we can't afford.


I hate my job. I'm a web developer and I hate computers. I just accepted a new web developer position in another state and we're moving in two weeks. I'd find something I love doing but we need the money. We owe $10k on the car and have almost $20k more in credit card debt from medical bills. I can't even go to school to start preparing for a different career.


I've been suicidal before and attempted it twice two years ago in kinda half-assed ways (they weren't cries for attention, no one knew until months later). Right now I'm not suicidal, just incredibly depressed. I don't have anything I want to live for. I don't have anything that's going my way. If I work my ass off to get back on my feet then I'm completely exhausted from doing so and slip right back down. Therapy hasn't helped, neither has medication."
"I never knew this reddit even existed.  Truth be told, I haven't been hanging out on reddit long, myself.  I spent the bulk of my life with suicide being Plan B for everything.  I'm finally starting to get a handle on the why.  Here's hoping I can drag even one person up from where they are to some place more stable."
"FYI: Ranting! It may not make sense just getting this out. I don't mean to offend if I do, I also apologize about grammar/spelling errors.
~~~

My life is mediocre, I am surrounded by idiots, friends who don't really care.
But thats not why I want to end it.

I want to end it because of all the problems in the world, I see alot of people around me with better lives (they are married, have kids, both, live on their own with SO etc) who are alot bitchier then me, uglier then me and care less then me. (I try not to be arrogant but, really) I know I will never have that.

I see less deserving people get things handed to them, liars, theives, murderers, rapists. And for the victims of all of these bottom dwellers? nothing. I constantly live in stress, my parents constantly nag on me, berate me, belittle me, make fun of me. I am well over 18 they treat me like I am 5. I am a victim of 3 out of the four that was listed, but I am called the liar, no one cares about me.

My parents, dont want me, they dont love me, they just put up a charade to make it seem like they do because they don't know that I know. I have been through alot of shit. No ones there for me to lean on. Everyone leans on me but ...

There is no future where everything will be happy for me or anyone I love. (Which there aren't that many) The world will collapse by then, with these idiots we let control us. I used to disencourage people from smoking or drinking. Now I encourage it. It leads to an earlier death (an escape from this hell of a world) and a stress reliever/fun activity for them while they wait. I believe illegal drugs should be legal, meth, heroin, cocain the whole thing. Perhaps it will kill off the idiots and it would be less of a great thing to people as it will be legal now. Look at the prohibition.

I am just tired of the world, tired of feeling alone, tired of feeling, tired of wearing a mask, tired of caring, tired of everything.

Can someone tell me anything good to look forward too?"
"This is the third job that I have lost, I am feeling worthless and ashamed. My boyfriend and I had even put down an offer on our first house that now we will not be able to afford. I am too ashamed to tell anyone that I have lost another job, and hurting too much to smile for a new one.

I have trouble seeing the future because I can not see myself living very long. The voice in my head is so negative and I want to get out of this self-hating state and enjoy my life, but I feel guilty asking for help because I have a good life compared to some people.

I have no friends, and my mum is too sick to burden with my stupid problems. I want to go out and have fun and not worry all the time about everything. I cut when the pain gets so great that I need an escape and I feel so lonely.

What do I do reddit, I am on anti-depressants and they are not working enough to stop the awful thoughts in my head. I just want to disappear.
"
"Hey guys. I met my boyfriend (I'm a guy, btw) in March, and we've been getting along great. The more I get to know him, however, the more he's letting me know about his past. To be short, I'll say he went to a hardcore Christian school that forced him to suppress his sexuality and his gender identity for years, all the way through high school. Now that he's a year out of there, it's starting to come back to him. 

There have been many nights where I have held him for quite a while while he cried and told me rather horrible things that his peers would tell him and how callous all of his teachers were. He feels like he has no friends (he pretty much doesn't) and his relationship with his parents is shaky at best. Almost everyone he took for a friend has betrayed him or won't accept his personality. He really is the nicest, sweetest guy I've ever met, and it's not fair.

Worst of all, he let slip that he was feeling suicidal in a conversation a couple days ago. He denied it outright when I pressed him for the truth, but the other day I caught him in the bathtub doing what I think was trying to drown himself (good thing that doesn't work). I don't think he'll actually pull it off, but it worries me a lot.

I've been there for him in the ways I can think of: re-enforcing that he's a great person, trying to expose the irrationality of his peers, taking his side on pretty much everything (and most of the time I agree with him). He's also been taking little steps to help himself (deleting his facebook, shutting out so-called friends, trying to reconnect with his parents). 

He's been telling me a lot that I don't deserve such a ""wreck"" and that he's ""broken,"" in the sense that the school he went to has made it really hard for him to trust anyone, including me.

I guess I have to ask, is there anything else I should be doing?"
"I told myself that when I first started having suicidal thoughts 5 years ago. But really, I should have done it right then rather than put up with these past 5 years. I don't care if tomorrow I win the lottery and can spend the rest of my life knee-deep in hookers and blow, it wouldn't have been worth waiting these past 5 years.

So don't tell me ""it's going to get better"".

And yes, I sought ""help"". I've spent the past 6 months going to a therapist/psychologist/whatever, and I'm in the exact same spot I was before, only now I've blown what little money I had on doctor's bills. Thanks for nothing.

So don't tell me to ""seek help"".

And ""just think happy thoughts"" is one of the most useless pieces of advice I think I have ever been given, so yeah don't tell me that either. If that solution worked, I wouldn't be in this position in the first place."
"I'm 20, female, and I thought I was over it. 

I don't know if I can go back into treatment. Even though the urge to die is so strong.

Help."
"I don't want to go into details here. I was really depressed for a while, got better for some time, and now I seem to be going down-hill again. Please message me your AIM or MSN. I just need someone anonymous who I won't feel the need to lie to."
"At the end of the day, after all the stimulation and especially hearing the news, my head gets full of stuff I have been thinking about all day, all week, all month, and eventually all my life.  Now, being able to go over past mistakes should be a good thing, because you can learn from mistakes and do better in the future.  Thing is, this gets me hypersensitive to just about everything.  Just about anything can set me off, and send me back to that hellhole of my life that I thought I'd beaten.  It took me five years to shake off the crushing hopelessness, emptiness, and sorrow, get off my ass, and start making a push for a better tomorrow.

I keep going back to the time in high school when nobody would talk to me except the other two outcasts, a special ed girl with a lisp and a middle schooler.  People would ostracize me for being bisexual.  I started crying in the last class of the day until my head would throb in agony.  I would wake up in the morning physically unable to sit up because it was like I hadn't slept at all.  I would have daymares about turning into a dragon and being driven out of the school into a blizzard.

The only reason I didn't kill myself then was because I started talking to myself; namely, an invisible friend who'd taken my middle name, which had earned me some jeers in elementary school.  She literally saved my life.  I remember sitting on the bathroom floor with a razor in my hand, and she physically/mentally held my arms apart.

When I got detention for the first time of my life, I was so distraught that I started pulling my hair out.  The principal didn't know what to do with me.  Most of the people who got detention would act out in the violent way, hitting walls and kicking desks, but I was just sitting placidly and pulling out my hair.  I even went to the trouble of arranging the hair so it would spell out PAIN on the floor.  I am not joking.

Only my parents understood.  Everyone else was calling me emo, saying I was an attention whore.  That phrase haunts me to this very day.  The instant someone says I'm an ""attention whore"" I start crying, every time.

I have a lot of triggers like that.  Someone says something, or does something, or a lamp breaks, or there's another tragic headline, and I start crying like I'm in history class again, sitting in the back corner so nobody would see me cry.  I don't want anyone to see me cry.

I want to shake this.  I'm afraid of going back into the dark place.  I don't want to get pulled in.  I don't want to die.

edit: it's 2am... I should sleep"
"**When** I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell

Cause **I'm a piece of shit**, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell

It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies

Dressed in white, I like **black** Tims and black hoodies

God will probably have me on some real strict shit

No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked

Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise

Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice

All my life I been considered as the worst

Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse

Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion

I know **my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion**

She don't even love me like she did when I was younger

Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger

I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?

**Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies**

My babies' mothers 8 months, her little sister's 2

Who's to blame for both of them (naw nigga, not you)

I swear to God I just **want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit**

Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit

And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red

I'm glad I'm dead, a **worthless fuckin' buddah head**

The stress is buildin' up, I can't,

I **can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind**

I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me

Naw you wouldn't understand (nigga, talk to me please)

You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack

Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back

Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet

People at the funeral **frontin' like they miss me**

My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone

She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on

I reach my peak, I can't speak,

call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak.

I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin',

matter of fact, I'm **sick of talkin'**.

EDIT: Not mine.

Notorious B.I.G.

"
"He had so much to live for...That was the thought going through his head as he sat at his desk, bare feet up op on the bookshelf, leaning back in his chair staring out the window.  There were already three calls for the fire department across the street. How many trucks did they have at that little station anyways?

The tree in the parking lot was blowing wildly and the leaves struggled to hang on to their branches, much like he was struggling to hang on to what he thought life was supposed to be at 30 years old.  The rain dripped down the window pane like slow moving tears, it was as if he was looking into a mirror.

Another bolt of lightning and crack of thunder and yet another fire truck left the small fire station.  Man, I wonder if those guys are hiring?

What is going on? is there a tornado? what if a bolt of lightning went right into my office?  That would be easy.  That's a good way.  What about that tree? Nah, the building is brick, surely it would stop it. But one of those branches could pop right through my window. I'd be covered in glass but I guess that would be okay. I never really thought about what it would be like to die, or how I would eventually go. 

This storm is crazy.  Why am I not flinching at the lightning and loud thunder? I haven't seen a storm like this in so long but I'm not phased at all. The lights are flickering, I just want to sleep.

Remember when Mom and Pa (grandpa) used to tell me that big storms were just God bowling with the angels? Will I tell my children the same thing? Will I live long enough to have any children?

Another call to the fire station. Jesus these guys are busy today.

This air conditioner feels great blowing on my face.  So relaxing.  

I really miss my mother. I loved her so much. I am so disappointed that I sometimes forget about her. How awful is that? What type of man have I become? Would she still be so proud of me? Could she answer all of these questions I have and calm these doubts and stop me from questioning why I am here? 

I feel like I can't talk to (my wife) about it. not that she wouldn't understand, she would, I have never been loved so much by someone that wasn't my mother or her parents or sister. But it is unfair for me to tell her how much I miss my mother considering her mother is still alive despite abandoning her and her 6 brothers and sisters when she was just 12 years old.

They're all gone now.  All of them.  I feel like I am the only one left in my family.  Their memories die with me.  Will I live as long as my grandfater...who still died young...or will I die at 52 like my mom, sick, and all alone?

They will say at my funeral, ""he had so much to live for"" but they will never know that I question that every day of my life."
"But I have no reason for living anymore. Literally.

I have my degree. I have a good job. But why do I feel so useless? I always thought I should be happy by now.

I drink a lot now. More than I should. I have a shotgun in my bedroom and I can't help but think how easy it would be to just leave all this stupid shit. I don't care what I do with my life anymore. 

I know this thought process should be wrong, but so far I see no fault in it. Anyone care to enlighten me?"
"I have anxiety and depression - a lifetime of abuse from childhood. Time passes, I'm in my late twenties and married. I'm a strong blue personality, and my wife is red-blue. When we have disagreements, she can make quick judgements that are only right part of the time. When this happens, I feel betrayed and alone and I 'crash'. 


I go into a sort of a trance/detached state. I feel as if my head is going to explode. I can't work, I can't do anything productive - I feel like if my brain is a computer, it really did crash. She and I are able to talk about it and work it out after I come out of it. We're working on my/our issues - and I've gotten better over the years. But for this, I need to get out of it first.


In order for me to get out of it, to get back to clear rational thought and to feel emotionally clear again - only two things have worked. Orgasm through masturbation and self harm. The nature of the self-harm is usually punching myself in the head and the face, or hitting my head on something really hard. I do it in such a way that my wife doesn't know and there would be no visible signs. I have a theory that it might be the endorphins resultant from those actions - though I could be wrong.


Ideally, I would like to do neither. I've been getting better at both recently and I don't want to lapse into both. Recently, I've been doing more of the head punching. It used to not hurt very much but now it really hurts every time. I've given myself about 4-5 concussions over the last three years. I worry about incurring brain damage but I don't know what it would take to do so.


Is there a third option that I can go to that people know or have worked for others? Any ideas what I can do?


Thanks."
"Firstly, I would like to say that I was not abused as a child in any way, and have had as loving a family as anyone could ask for.  I am in my 20's and am male.

I don't know what is wrong with me.  One of my first childhood memories was of stealing a toy from someone's locker in preschool.  As a kid, I shoplifted and was never caught.  I have since stopped, but likely only out of fear of getting caught in this camera-obsessed world.

I am insecure, vengeful, and filled with hate.  I do not usually let these feelings show, but they have affected the way I interact with people, particularly with friends.  I do not make friends easily, but lose them quickly when they spend enough time to realize what I am hiding from them.

I have a girlfriend who has been perfect to me yet whom I do not trust due to her past sexual relationships.  I feel like I am hiding my real personality from her.  I feel that she deserves better than me.  And she really does.

I am stupid.  I have a college degree but it means nothing except that I am able to take exams without understanding actual concepts.  I don't feel like I am able to learn anything.

I am useless.  Looking for a job has been fruitless.  Because I am stupid, nobody will hire me because I am terrible at what I do.  But all this might be ok if I could be happy with who I am.  However:

I am evil.  I have had a history of animal abuse since I was a kid.  I have done many things which I regret now, but was compelled to do as a kid.  I have beaten a neighbor's dog, abused and possibly murdered kittens found in a box left at the park, shot squirrels/birds with BB guns, and electrocuted a lizard I found outside.  I don't know why I have urges to do these things.  And I hate myself for it.  I am sure after reading this paragraph, you now hate me as well, which I certainly deserve.  Yet, recently I have done much worse.

My girlfriend and I obtained a small pet together, which I have now murdered.  Attempting to train it not to bite in exactly the wrong way (physical punishment), I punished it and punished it until it led to its death.  I watched with a cold heart full of rage as the life drained from its tiny eyes.  This I will never forget.  I lied to my girlfriend about the circumstances of its death.

I want to die.  As a teenager, I had always thought about suicide, but never got further than holding a knife tip against my heart.  Distractions in life and thoughts that I could change into a good person brought those thoughts further from me as I got older.  Now, it is clear to me that I am inherently evil and don't deserve life.  Surely you agree?

I have always wondered about the villains in stories and how they got to that point in their lives.  They make bad decisions to get to where they end up, but how much of it is predetermined at their birth?  Do they consciously decide to be evil, or does circumstance lead them to that path?

I am not sure why I'm posting this.  I am not religious so maybe this is a way to confess my sins to a community I trust.  If this is somehow traced back to me and leads to action against me, then all the better.  I know I deserve it.  In the meantime, all I can think about is how I should do everyone a favor and rid myself from this world."
[removed]
"Why, when the world is so desperately in need of population control so that there are resources to go around, do people like me exist? I'm very smart, I have suffered from depression since I was a child (I used to wish I could die on a regular basis as far back as I can remember) and now I'm on meds that mostly hold me above the pit.

But I've ""lost"" a son - he won't respond to me and I don't know why. I've discovered, after the age of 50, that there really are evil people in the world. I have a BIL who I fear will kill my MIL because he wants her fortune but there is nothing I can do about it (long story but all kinds of legal people involved but they say there's nothing we can do). I have discovered that people I thought were friends had completely conned me. Even my own sister tried to con me.

I have never put my gift of intelligence to good use - maybe because I wasn't diagnosed with depression until I was in my late 30's but that's the past anyway.

The only reason I am still alive tonight is because I fear my husband, who also suffers from depression, will harm himself and I'm starting to think that maybe that's not the worst thing that could happen to him.

I'm a gentle, loving person. I give back the extra change at the store. I reach out to strangers in need when and as I can. I carry a hundred dollar bill in my purse to give to someone who looks like they need it at the thrift stores I visit. It's not like I have lots of money but I have more than some so I try to share.

These suicidal episodes are becoming more and more frequent. I go to my psychiatrist as soon as I can after each one but by then I've turned around.

Other than existing with undiagnosed major depression as a kid I didn't have a bad childhood. But I sure have managed to make a mess of my life.

I won't do it tonight (probably). But I get closer each time I am overwhelmed by the multitude of liars, cheaters, and scammers - not to mention the sociopathic BIL.

Death - the absence of everything. No happiness, no sadness. No joy, no pain. Just as I did when I was a child, I lie in bed and hope that I won't wake up in the morning."
"To start off I am fifteen years old and female.  I have had depression for as long as I can remember and a few times it has gotten the best of me.  I have tried to commit suicide a couple of times now and thought about it again tonight but decided against it.  I live alone with my mother who abuses alcohol, prescription medication, and also me (verbally).  Tonight she went at me telling me how immature I am and how she thought I wanted to be progressive in life and am not all because I did not want to babysit her boss's son tomorrow.  I feel like a failure right now.  I have no friends except my younger cousin and my older one (but she lives on the opposite coast as myself).  I have social anxiety so when I say I have no friends I am being literal.  Since school let out for summer in June I have not seen anyone but family members.  Today I was feeling pretty ""low"" and when my mom yelled at me (for over three hours)  I basically lost it.  The only thing that really caused me to not go and commit suicide was that reddit distracted me (I have a separate user name).  I went through all the new posts and by the time I was done I calmed down enough to not go through with suicide tonight, even though I am still upset.  I just wanted to thank you all for nothing really and for making me laugh in a time I really needed it.


tl;dr  Reddit distracted me enough to not commit suicide.



EDIT: Thank you all for your nice comments.  They all really made me smile.  I would respond to them individually but all I really have to say is thank you.  Tomorrow will be a better day and I will just learn to cope with everything and of course go on reddit when I'm feeling down."
"I posted more than enough bad news here, last year. Now, I have good news, at last. I have a new job, I've been working for more than a week in a residence attached to a psychiatric ward near Quebec city.  I couldn't get any better than that for a job. I'm working directly with people everyday to help them get better in order for them to get back to life in society."
[removed]
"**thank you everyone. i'll post back with an update tomorrow sometime.**

i have no direction, no goals, no purpose. i'm waiting to die. every day i sit at this fucking computer. i go out occasionally. but it doesn't help. i have no hobby. i tried to start programming, but in the end i dropped that too. i really spend too much time thinking about how things would be without me. i'm sure a lot of people would be a lot happier.

i talk to some people. i have a girlfriend who is amazing and beautiful. i don't deserve her at all. the people i talk to don't know me. they act like they care, but i'm sure they don't. i know they don't. i'm just another name. i'm really bad at talking and expressing my feelings. to the point where i just can't. i bottle everything up because i don't want my girlfriend to be upset and it be my fault. i bottle everything up because i don't know how to say what i feel. 

speaking of girlfriends. she's the only one i've had. we lost our virginities to each other. i'd (well i'd like to think i'd) have managed to do it a while ago if it wasn't for her. she doesn't trust me anymore. she loves me. i lied to her in an effort to save her grief. a no go. she didn't want me to smoke (cannabis.) and i told her i'd quit. i tried. i need it. it's my crutch. keeps me up right, helps me wake up. helps me shut my mind up so i can go to sleep. the most i lasted was around two months. 

i stay up half the night thinking of how to do it.. how people would react.. chances of fucking up.. the mess.. and either way, life goes on though. i spend my day thinking of this shit as well. i almost failed last semester because i'd be sleeping or trying to distract myself the entire time. 

i've tried to bring myself to do it several times but i couldn't. i even fail at failing. i hate myself. fuck me goddamn."
"I don't really want everyone to die.  I just want it to be over.  I'm not going to kill myself though, because it would destroy my mother, mess up certain other family members very badly, and cause stress for some of the rest.  But when it comes down to it, only not wanting to impact 2 specific relatives is keeping me from doing it.  If I could die without affecting them, I'd do it.  But I can't, so I won't.  I'm also not stupid enough to post a suicide note on a site that reports them. 

If death is the end, then it being over would be great.  Otherwise something new and different would be welcome. 

I don't have kids. I don't have an SO and am unlikely ever to do so, due to a severe case of social phobia when it comes to dating.  You ever experience the effect of freezing up?  All your muscles just lock up on you and you can't move. I've had this happen to me in public situations.  If I let myself consider dating possible, I go directly into a depression.  The rest of the time I am able to block most emotion and interact with people.  The only time I interact with new people is when I absolutely have to, such as shopping.    One co-worker years ago was highly pissed with me because I acted so strangely after he tried to introduce me to someone when I was about 18.  I couldn't really explain.

Or getting a haircut, which is a kind of a special hell.  First, walk into a small place with strangers sitting around, all staring at you.  Then be tested on your knowledge of haircuts.  ""What would you like done today"".  A haircut?  ""What style"".  crap. I don't know. ""off the ear? Short in back?""  One woman almost gave me a crew cut, which I only figured out when she showed me the 3 inch buzz cut extenders.

Then sit while they get up close and personal to you while you try not to make their job harder by moving much.  All the time, this stranger is touching you!  AAAGH!  Makes me tempted to just shave my head, except that would garner even more attention.  (This is possibly due to when I was around 8 and had a haircut from a barber having a Really Bad Day, probably because I was his customer.)

My current economic situation is not helping much either.  If I don't find work soon, I'm gonna be screwed.  The family can't help financially as they are all struggling too.  (I won't take charity or donations either.)    But I've been wishing I was dead since grade school, long before it became stylish.  If only I could go back and prevent my conception.

I'm still a little paranoid that somehow this note is going to be traced back to me and I'll be confronted by an authority figure over this.  This is why I've posted this on a laptop in my car, using some stranger's wireless internet.  And also routed it through 12 countries and 65 randomizers.

Note to grade schoolers: if your teacher asks you to fill out a questionaire, and claims they will be anonymous, she is lying!

So thanks for letting me rant a bit.  I feel better now.  Honest.  Really."
"I do not think she intends to do it soon. But she is very depressed, and I can not make her go see a doctor/shrink. Her depression has probably lasted a good 4 years. And it has kept getting worse. She has hurt her self a few times with knives/scissors (cry for help ?). 

I believe she has quite severe Agoraphobia which makes it even harder for her to get help. 

I am not sure if I should contact her family about her problems and try and get them involved ?  

"
"I recently found out that my cousin, 14, is suicidal. He starts highschool this September. His parents have not been happy together for probably the last 10 years, ever since his father cheated on his wife, although they may have patched it up for a bit, but I have hear that their family is on the verge of breaking up. 
My cousin apparently told his counselor at school, I am not sure when. He used to be a very happy kid, especially when his family still lived out in eastern Canada, they moved to western Canada about 3 or 4 years ago for my work. His family is well off financially, although not as prosperous as the rest of the family. My cousin goes to a very good school. 
I have always thought that my cousin was somewhat sociopathic. He has a strange affinity towards weapons which I think stems from the fact that he has always been kind of weak character. He does not enjoy pushing himself, and has very low pain tolerance perhaps because he is craving attention. His mother did not allow toy guns, but then at 12, my cousin began shooting deer. He also loves MW2 and Halo. 
His younger sister is also very dark. Apparently, from her journal entries, she is going down the same path. 
My parents split a couple years ago, and I found it difficult, but never had anything resembling these types of problems. I may have been depressed, and I did very poorly at university for 2 years after. Today I am done school and have begun a career. 
My cousin’s father is a very talented man with high level certifications and graduate degree as well as being a very good athlete. He has always pushed my cousin very hard, especially at hockey, which my cousin never truly excelled at and would get super nervous about. His mother is an emotional train wreck who used to be a party animal in her 20s and never went to school. 
My grandparents and parents and uncle are large proponents of ‘tough love’. I think this style worked for me (I have had some issues in the past but dealt with it on my own), but contrasts hugely with my aunts (my cousins mother). She mothers them, but also gets angry / frustrated with her life and marriage I think. My cousins do not like their grandparents, enjoy my company, do not like my father (because he makes them eat vegetables – they are emotionally/materially spoiled). 
I need to understand what I can do to help my cousin. Please, any advice would be great. If you need additional details or have questions I will answer them. 

My cousin may be doing some of this for attention, I really have no idea. 
"
"Since as long as I can remember I have been unhappy. I just don't see the point in being here. I hate everything about myself and just wish I was man enough to kill myself. This thought process occurs hourly in my head. I haven't cared about anything in YEARS or really felt anything. 

I know this is selfish but I will never forgive my parents for not being a normal family. Growing up around friends, and other kids, who just had a perfect family, the typical married mother and father, a sibling, a dog, a cat; they always seemed so happy and close and had each other threw everything. My mom was a stripper and is currently an alcohol/drug abuser. I don't know why my father even lets her visit us as she just creates so much stress and anxiety in the house when she is around. 

I often fantasize about having a normal, university educated family where everything is perfect, with whom I can really identify with, who can teach me things and help me through life. It also occurred to me recently that escapism is probably my #1 hobby. I get obsessed with movies and characters; I even, temporarily, try to become that character. I usually get obsessed with movies that deal with a person questioning their reality and being ""woken up"" into the better life (Avatar, Inception, etc etc etc). 

I can barely go out in public anymore and feel extremely strange and disconnected when I am out. All I ever do is want to get drunk and high because it takes me away. I am going back to college in September but am extremely scared my extreme apathy will not allow me to do well, even though I'm excited for math and computer science.

I want to care about something. I want to feel something. I just don't know how much longer I can go on like this."
[removed]
"Hello r/suicidewatch.

As the post states, my little brother isn't doing so well, and we don't have health insurance. I'm wonder what the best resources are for a free counselor for him to talk to about it. We live in the Minneapolis MN area. Any help in the right direction would be greatly appreciated."
"You were threatening suicide because of your struggles with hearing loss and depression. I directed you here, but my computer froze while I was making an e-mail address for you to contact me at. You thanked me and disconnected before I could respond, but I wanted you to feel free to contact me at ""areyouokay987@gmail.com"" if you want to continue talking.

I'm always willing to listen, just like the fine people of this beautiful community. I truly hope you find *someone* you can open up to.

I hope to hear from you."
"I can't do it all at once, so I'm doing it slowly.  Lithium is toxic if you take enough, so I'm taking a couple more capsules every half hour or so.  Benadryl to help with nausea and to help me fall asleep.

It doesn't matter why.  In the end, she took everything from me but my life.  I don't know if this means I'm offering that to her as well, or if I'm taking it before she has a chance to steal it for herself.  It doesn't matter, either way I can't live like this anymore.  My thoughts hurt, and they don't stop hurting.  I'm in hell."
"Ever since i was little i've thought about suicide, attempted it once and was unsuccessful. I'm now 21 and this past year of events have brought back a severe depression that i thought i had finally beaten in life. 

Over the past year i lost a relationship where both of us were extremely happy and both in love. The reason that this ended, i found out later because to this day she still tries to force her way into my life, was because she felt guilty about things that happened between the first time we dated and the second time we started dating. But, during the time after we broke up till now she's strewn me along, hurt me, and basically just royally fucked me up. But i thought i'd be able to get past it and close to a year after the break up happened(in the shittiest way possible) i finally found a girl that i'd be willing to give a chance to. But, the ex is still trying to find her way into my life, still claiming she has her undying love for me and that nothing has changed but refuses a relationship. On top of that, within the past year my family got a puppy. Only bad part is, my brother forced it on my mom and now, i'm the only one who really takes the time to train him, keep him healthy and whatnot. Yeah, my mom and brother do feed him and try to look after him but my brother just spends all his time in his room.

Which brings me to another point, my brother is fucking blinded by an older woman(he's 28 and she's 30) who is using him. She lives in another country and all he does day in and day out is spend time on the computer with her. He again, forced her onto my mom and had her come here and had planned for her to live here for 6 months. But, get this, we(my family) told her personally she was not welcome here and to stay the fuck away from the house. 

I'm seriously just sick and tired of all of this shit. If i lived or died it wouldn't really matter to any of them. They are just too fucking busy being self-centered and not really listening to anything or anyone around them. Within 3 months i've had more suicidal thoughts than i have ever had since my initial win against this depression. I feel alone, i feel like i have nothing left. I feel like my life is just shit and i really dont care anymore. About the only two things that really cheers me up, aside from the few close friends i have (the other friends are just kinda there and don't really do much), are my two pets. They are always around and know exactly when i'm feeling down. My cat actually prevented one of my close attempts because he just kept banging himself against my door and when i finally opened the door he just looked at me all pissed off sad look in his eyes."
"I typed up a long post, but am too paranoid to post it.  I think someone will read it and put two and two together and find out it is me.

I really need to talk to someone.  And if there is anyone here who knows specifically about procedures in health care facilities/pharmacies, they may be able to answer a question to set me at ease.

It's getting pretty bad for me, and I don't know what to do next.  Either go back to building up my plan of leaving, or struggle the rest of my life.

Ugh, I don't even know why I am posting here, my mind is racing with too much shit.  Sorry, well, maybe this turns into something productive."
"I'm not fine though. I was doing so well...Where did I fuck this up again? 

Not yet...I won't kill myself yet...I keep telling myself that, but I am having difficulty believing myself.

I'm telling myself I just need to last until I can see my psychiatrist again in a few weeks. But you know what? Whenever I go to see the psychiatrists, the social workers, the doctors and nurses...I just feel worse. On the way home from these appointments, the urge to kill myself is even stronger. The sessions are unproductive (it seems to be a lot of ""no time, less talk, more pills!""), the prescriptions get more elaborate (and expensive) and after experiencing the many side effects of my medication, particularly when one landed me in the ER...I just want to scream ""ENOUGH! I quit!"" I have to fight through the 'thoughts' and avoid taking a bus to the closest area I can think of to kill myself. 

I keep fighting this urge to kill myself but I don't know why I bother sometimes.

I try to tell those that are close to me how I feel but...I can't seem to help them understand so they can help me cope when I'm at my worst. I've been told to ""man up"", that other people have it harder and they've survived. I know other people have it harder. I don't know why I'm so broken that I can't get over this depression. Yes...I'm bipolar...but other people are living through it. Why can't I? I want to be normal, even if it just means being ""stable"" instead of ""free of mental disorders"". I want to be empathetic, not depressed and oversensitive. I want to have that ""thick skin"" that everyone tells me I need. I want to not have to take the pills that those close to me say I shouldn't need to take.

So I pretend to be okay, so I don't have to keep listening to people tell me why the way I feel is wrong. Why its wrong for me to cry for no reason. Why it would be wrong for me to die. So then I just sit in the bathroom and cry so I can keep hiding it. I know how pathetic it is. I'm painfully aware. ...I don't want to feel guilty whenever I take a pill. I don't want those who supposedly love me, judge me for it.

Yes...I know it's wrong for me to want to kill myself. Yes I care about all these people. But while they're ripping into me about the people I would hurt if I killed myself...I can't help but wonder if they're saying this because they care about me or because they don't want my death to fuck up their happy little existence and aspirations. I actually have to scream at them to ""Please listen to me!"". I just want them to try and comprehend how I feel before telling me why I'm wrong. I've already told them I know its wrong...can they just help me stop feeling this way? Distract me from it for a while, instead of reminding me how I'm somehow screwed up for being like this?

I really wish I could tell them that its wrong for them to make me feel like its better for me to live a lie and pretend none of these feelings exist. I have forced myself to smile through the pain. I am trying to ""man up"". I don't even know what that means to be honest. I have forced myself to be successful but I feel miserable...

They'll never see this, but I want to tell all my friends from before: ""I'm sorry I don't talk to you anymore...I just don't want you to have to pay much attention when they find my body when I finally decide to do it.""

Though if I do it right, they won't even bother trying to find one. I would rather they forgot about me. I would rather everyone forgot about me.

Why am I writing this then? If you know someone close to you...ANYONE who has a history of suicide attempts, seems outwardly successful/normal but has grown distant...don't let them grow distant. Sometimes, it just takes one trigger to make it all not okay again."
"This feeling comes and goes randomly. It has no pretense. It has very little reasoning.

A few months ago I tried to kill myself. After a few hours in the ER and two days in a mental home I convinced myself that I was being stupid. And up until this point, I felt like I was doing good.

Everything just seems so pointless right now, though. Everything. Everything I do, every day, seems random, stupid, and pointless. Let's start with the beginning.

I'm constantly spending time identifying my character flaws so I can improve myself for my wife. I'm constantly trying to figure out ways to make myself a better person for MYSELF, most importantly - I want to be a better person and I want to be more social; I want to be wittier; I want to be funny and optimistic and interesting.

I spend every day thinking about her and what I can do to make her happy. I try to figure out how I can make our marriage better. But none of it is reciprocated. It seems like it's fucking pointless to even give a shit anymore. What's the point in dancing if your dance partner is going to just flop around in your arms like a corpse? What's the point in trying to improve a relationship when the other person won't move a finger on their end? I know what I'm going to hear already - 'get rid of her and move on' - it's not that simple. When you truly love someone, you can't just do that sort of thing.

My hobbies... the few I have. I have no perseverence, and no attention span. I try my hardest to focus on things I want to get better at and do - music is a big one - but I just can't keep my focus on whatever it is I'm doing for longer than 20 minutes. After that I get bored and I lose all capacity to finish doing what I want to do.

Sleep. I'm constantly tired. Always fatigued. No matter how often or how little I sleep - no matter how I adjust my sleep schedule or my sleep routine - it's always the same. I'm always tired.

Social anxiety and confidence issues. I have no self-esteem or confidence. I've been working on building both of those things up - I want to be a man, not some sheepish little boy who's too scared to go out in public by himself. I know I'm the overly-nice guy right now whose wife is fucking the big, tattooed-up badass who drinks whiskey while she pretends to enjoy being with her husband.

Sexual confidence - my wife has zero sexual interest in me. ALthough I've been told by numerous other lady-friends that I am very attractive in many ways and good in bed (happened during seperation), for some reason hearing my wife say she feels like screaming and running away when I want to have sex makes me feel destroyed inside.

I can't finish anything I start. I can't stick to any goals I set for myself. No matter what I do.

Right now life feels like swimming through jello. I'm neither here, nor there. And I'm not going anywhere anytime soon. I just feel so fucking hopeless right now. It feels like now matter how hard I try, I just fuck things up even more. So why even fucking try? My entire existence just feels like a big joke. Everything does.

I don't know if I feel suicidal. I feel like hurting myself... maybe not going so far as committing suicide. But I definitly feel like putting some more scars on myself. Or maybe I just need some sleep. I don't know. I'll just wake up tomorrow and the same shit will happen all over again. At some point the cycle must end. And if I have to die for that to happen... whatever. No one would notice, my wife would be tap-dancing for joy. I honestly feel like she would be incredibly relieved and later ecstatic if I just so happened to get into a fatal car crash or if I got shot or something. I don't think she'd fucking care about my health. I don't think she gives a fuck about me at all. In fact, I'm damn near positive she doesn't care one damn bit whether or not I wake up breathing, or if I snap my legs at work or something. If I'm in any kind of agony, I think she'd just turn a blind eye and pretend it wasn't happening because she either doesn't give a fuck or doesn't KNOW how to give a fuck. 

Is it silly to care so much about what someone else thinks about you? Yes. Do I care too much about my wife? Yes and no, according to who you ask. Should I stop caring and only care about myself? Sure. Do I want to? I already do, to a point. Apparently not enough, though.

I have no one to talk to, reddit. No one at all, period. Nobody I trust, nobody I confide in enough. So I put my anonymous grief on the internet."
"I swear to f'n Gawd if I have to go through this shit life alone I am just going to eat a bullet.

I was married to a psycho for 5 years, married youngish. She lost her mind and tried to kill me a few times, a bunch of times actually (beginning to wonder if I am the Highlander or something).

Divorced her a couple years ago, I am now over 30 my whole life is pretty much toast. I can't finish my degree because the last year of our marriage I failed out of every class I was enrolled in because she wouldn't let me study. She would sneak up behind me and smash my head with huge textbooks. She later admitted she was jealous of my ambition to get a degree so she purposefully sabotaged me, becasue she knew I was going to leave her and she didn't want me to have anything nice after she was gone.

She succeeded.

My credit is ruined, can't finish school, won't ever be shit. I hate myself more than I ever have. All I hear in my head is all the repeated shit I have been beaten down with.

I am worthless, stupid, broke-ass, loser, nobody, and that I should kill myself.

The girls I do date I can't trust. They leave after a few weeks, the see the cold dead nothing inside me I guess. I am not a really attractive person so I really have to work hard at finding someone, and I just don't have it in me anymore. I don't even try anymore.

I just wish sincerely I had never existed.

I am not religious, but if there is a creator I would ask them only one thing. Erase me, for this was all a big mistake.

I wish I had just let her kill me, then I wouldn't have to do it, and she would be in prison where she belongs.
"
"My life is a mess to the point that I can barely do little things to make it better. My house is so messy I can't have people over anymore. There's no room for me to paint. I have no job and no confidence that anyone will hire me (I got fired from my last job because I was in the psych ward for 2 days). I want to stop being a big baby and take care of my situation, but the effort seems so herculean and I doubt/hate myself constantly in my head. It feels like torture, and though I know I'm responsible for it, I can't seem to control or motivate myself out of this rut. I have gained a bunch of weight recently (AGAIN), and though i do jog, I drink a lot and can't seem to control my emotional eating. I feel ugly and worthless due to this, even though I do have guys that occasionally want to be with me (at least sexually). Even that (sex) has started to bother me lately. I feel like I'm too easy, even though I can rationalize several ways of thinking about my behavior. I feel trapped, and like the world has forgotten about me. It's hard to keep breathing. Sorry for the wall of text."
"___-
i am so miserably depressed.  people are sending evil thoughts into my brain and it's all beyond negative.  i'm getting fatter by the second.  my days are largely empty.  i read a bit.  think about medical bills i can't pay.  think about all the mistakes i have made and collapse in a pile of sorry. ONE MORE NIGHTMARE is one more than i can take.  i feel like now that i have the energy to do something, i should finish putting my room in order so someone else doesnt have to and then do whatever i have to do to get off this planet.  i will always be poor/barely getting by, i would be lucky to get a masters and even then it probably wouldnt get me anything, i have no safe space, everything is closing in, i dont want to live as some pathetic parasite on society.  i can't pretend to function any longer.  and i finally have the energy to do this thing."
"I'm 17, I've had *thoughts*, since grade 5, it grew me in the last few years,

I fantasize my suicide alot, what holds me back is people I know and that's about it.

Because the way I see it, there is nothing to nothing.

I believe in a deterministic future, because I don't believe free will exists, even if I can control my life, my outcome is the same as it would be as it can be, all I am doing is being conscious of my will, but my actions throughout life will be the same probably,

I feel as if that is a loop I can't break free, even if I do have a choices,   my mind is a slave to myself so, my choices are already determined,

and if I try to trick myself, all I am doing then, is doing random things, therefore I have no choice if I am using randomness to try and solve my issues.

I am a slave to myself, the world, and everything.

I have nothing to lose, once I get out, and everyone forgets me for a few years, I might be dead by then.

Now, I have read stories, about suicidal people here on reddit, a few.

Saying how after a failed attempt they saw life differently and enjoyed   it after.

But I do not understand, I don't understand, even if I give my life meaning, it means nothing to the future generations, I am dirt on earth, a spec in space, irrelevant to everything else.

My life is no value after death so everything I did is pointless.

So why should I prolong hardships, be a slave to the human race, work for 40 years, 50 years, etc, have some kids and then die.

I'm still a virgin but I must say, masturbating is even boring, I depressed myself even more, after I read about some other people at yahoo answers etc, about how great it is, I never had happen

I'm not getting the magic of sexuality, I can't say I am really motivated to pursue sex at all.

I'm tall, good looking, socially acceptable, decent hack family, compared to the rest of the world, and other families, I am living the high life, 

even if I live in an apartment, I feel like a king, I am confident, I feel happy bout myself, not materialistic either.

But I just don't see the point in continuing, all I am doing for myself is prolonging my pleasures, and suffering

I don't want therapist as advice, I am a defect if that's the case

I don't want drugs as advice, I am a defect if that's the case, I don't want shit influence prescriptions changing me,

I heard that some take you art abilities away, which I am mostly,

I saw people on ritalin, zombies is all I see, no life. 



**tldr: 17 nihilism, deterministic future(even if I am aware of my will I can still do things but it doesn't matter since my choices are what I would do anyways) I see no sense in life, even if it's pretty great so far
Only concern is, I am directionless of my career, and that's it.**
People I know is the only thing holding me back as of now

**I feel I already lived most of my greatest moments already, everything from here on, is going to be great downfall, with more negatives then positives**

I would like you, tell me, ask me, I will clarify, and justify my cases

Edit: Will comeback to reply around 12 hours from now(lack of privacy) ~Aug14 1:50pm Eastern time


Edit2 Will come back to reply around 22 hours)  ~Aug 15 6:10am

**Edit3 Will come back again, this time, I am bullet-tin my main points, will be 21 hours approx) ~Aug16 5:10am Eastern time**

I am sorry for all the improper grammar, spelling mistakes, etc, it's always late when I am writing this, I am not the best of writers either, I do not proof read my responses.

**Edit4 Not replying today, abit delayed on timing out the night, will be back tomorrow then,** ~ Aug17 6:13am"
"I turned 36 recently and still live with my parents, although I don't talk to them at all. My older brother is getting married today. Several hundred guests are arriving. I've been suicidal about the attention I'm getting.

My family came here from a third world country when I was a baby. Growing up was difficult. My dad was not only quick to anger, he was also very superstitious and did things according to what fortune tellers told him to do.

My parents never taught us anything, but heaped criticism, guilt, and anger toward me and my brother. My brother coped by being an extrovert and learned things on his own....like learning how to swim, ride a bike, get a job, even drive a car. I turned inwards as an introvert.

I remember being fondled by my dad as a child. Later by a stranger in a mall. I confronted my dad about these 2 memories when i was older. he said he did that because he loved me.

i'll skip back and forth in my memories. when i was 29 i got a job at a coffeeshop and i moved out for the first time. my parents begged me to go back. the guilt and anxiety, and the shame of not knowing how to take care of myself caused me to do just that...move back.

my dad asked me to help him at his office and i reluctantly did, but quit when he made fun of me to his employees telling them that i didn't know anything about how car brakes worked. wtf? why would anyone make a point to embarrass their son to people he doesn't personally know?

so i had a nervous breakdown and haven't worked since. i tried getting jobs and such, but my insecurity really shows up in the interviewing process.

i was at a coffeeshop the other week and a girl flirted with me. i couldn't respond back because i've been jobless living with my parents.

not only that, i'm losing my hair and i still have acne. depression caused me to not take care of myself and i am very skinny....and i have visible cavities....which causes me not to smile.

so today 200 people are converging to houston and some will be wondering wtf is wrong with me. i told my brother and he didn't really respond to me. he's a nice guy, but has his own life. on top of that, everyone loves him, he travels a lot, and he teaches at a university.

anyone have a job? i have an associates in graphic design.

oh, and i had a wet dream tonight about a mascot on a box of cereal molesting me. can i have a more fucked up life? i'm blathering on.





tldnr: 36 year old loser wants to end it all. sees no hope. neglected, molested, and ridiculed by parents. wat do? i'm sure someone's going to suggest moving out and getting a job. to that, i woudn't know what to say. facepalm?"
"I'm really not sure what happened... I'm normally a really nice guy, but last night my buddy informed me I've been being a douche over the past few days, and I just completely receded into my mind until I left his place to go to get some food.

It was only for a minute or two, but at some point I decided I was going to kill myself, and it scared the hell out of me.

I've been suicidal for years (I'm 20), but it's always been something I was holding off on until I was in a place where no one would care if I died. Right now I've got a family, and the thought of doing that to my mother makes me tear up. I thought I could never be that selfish. I though I could just take it day by day; maybe I'd somehow get out of this hole, or maybe I'd finally get the opportunity to kill myself without grief.

I've honestly been considering driving myself down the the psyc hospital, and telling them I'm a risk to myself. I self harmed... I have about two dozen burn scars on my legs. I fantasize about doing it again all the time; I love the feeling, and if it wasn't for the hideous  scars as a constant reminder of the consequences I'd do it.

I have a doctor's appointment on the 19th... I'm pretty sure I'm going to come clean with him, I'm just horrified of being committed. I need my freedom.

I grew up with chronic insomnia/anxiety, and self loathing. 

What really makes me burst into tears though is the fact that just the other day I was thinking to myself that I was finally making progress on my depression. 

I self medicate with weed. I just finished my last refill on my clonazepam (Won't get anymore because they don't do anything to me anymore), and I've been on Ciprilex (10mg then 20) it made my suicidal tendencies much worse, but I didn't notice until after I had been taken off of them. 

**---edit---**

I'm feeling a lot better. Got in contact with an old friend. Went to a party. Hit on my main crush, and got turned down, but I really don't care. Talk to a girl I hadn't seen in a year. Good chance I'll be starting a full time job soon working nights which I love. 

There's more in my replies bellow. "
"Tonight sucked, I feel terrible and anti-depressants have made me gain weight, lose my sex drive, and im still not happy :( I'll talk about anything, thank you in advance SW"
"i've always considered suicide, but knew that it was far from me to do.

right now i just want to harm myself. usually i end up bashing my head on things.

i barely have friends, the ones i have fucking suck and i don't really like them.

i have no women. the only girls that are interested in me are fucking crazy bitches, and i hate the everloving fuck out of them. i'm standing short at an embarassing 5'7 while my friends who are over 6 feet get any fucking girl they want. all attempts to fake confidence fail. i'm good looking, but utterly unattractive as a person.

i can be completely convinced that i am great and doing great for months at a time, but nights come like this where i feel fucking worthless. like nothing will ever go my way.

i won't ever be liked. i won't ever get what i want; social acceptance.

i'm a fucking loser. and everyone smells it on me, then promptly never talks to me again. they go out of their way to never be around me. men and women alike. i really hate myself.

edit: reading over this upset me more. i punched myself and hurt both my head and my hand a lot

edit2: i feel like my only way out is through prescription drugs. i don't do drugs of any kind. i don't like drugs. i may honestly be happier dead than fucking chemically braindead.

edit3: this must be depression. exercise doesn't help, though. nothing helps. i used to have a therapist but i fucking hated him. worthless pieces of shit.

edit4: negative feedback loop? depression earns me derision from peers, from women. my social failure causes more depression. more terrible nights where i just feel like sleeping on the train trakssss

edit5: getting wrse

edit6: the e,barasment i feel when i aapear social but everyone sees througj, sees me as a loser. i smile and move on, but die inside. a thousand deaths on every stupid friendless night out.

edit7: and a girl i dont even like. a partridge in a pear tree. the only person i have left to talk to. and all she does it fucking meow and whine and coo pathetically when i call"
"I am 24 years old and live in Southend,  Essex, I've been signed off work for over a year with severe depression and anxiety but have been suffering since my mid teens. I've been prescribed 300mg of Venlafaxine and 100mg of Quetiapine daily but I still feel extremely low in mood every day. I constantly have thoughts and daydreams of suicide and methods I could try. Last year I was taken into hospital and kept overnight because of an overdose on Citalopram and alcohol. My 'best' friend doesn't want to know anything about how I feel and that just makes me feel worse as I've always been there for him whenever he's been pissed off at something or needed someone there for him. None of my friends know about the things I've been through in my life. I always forced myself to act differently around them and live a double life in a way. I've seen different Doctors and Psychiatrists and also been on different Medications but if anything I think I feel worse every day. I am seriously considering suicide but part of me knows it's not the right thing to do. If anyone out there is available I really need to speak to someone who's been through this or at least understands. Thank you for your time."
"I don't believe I need an emergency response, but /r/suicidewatch seems like it might be the right place for this question.

Just so no one panics, I'm seeing a psychiatrist for depression (seeking treatment for the second time, so I guess that makes me ""chronic"", or maybe one short of it). I'm not on the verge of suicide. If anything, I'm at less risk than I was a month ago, and I'm still undergoing treatment. 

One of the questions my psychiatrist asks is whether I'm having ""suicidal thoughts"".

The answer I give/gave is ""not really"", and while my doctor had some follow up to that, she pretty much let it stand. I don't think I'm seriously contemplating suicide. But at the same time, frankly I'm afraid to admit the degree to which I've thought about suicide because I'm afraid of the consequences it may have on my future ability to get (and maintain) insurance. (I'm a bit older than what seems to be the average around here, and have a wife and kids. I also don't really want to be hospitalized, but my main concern is having ""suicidal"" recorded in some medical chart or doctors notes, and what that means to my life/health insurance rates. That may be pathetic or misguided, but true.)

The fact is that prior to the most recent batch of treatment every day I would literally think to myself, semi-seriously, ""I hate myself and want to die."" I've entertained thoughts of, although not exactly planned, means of suicide.  I've also considered the circumstances under which I would elect to commit suicide (circumstances which are different, by the way, than those I'm currently in).  I haven't made any effort to obtain the means of suicide however, nor taken any action to ""get my affairs in order"" or anything like that.

Now that I'm getting treated (again) and have been for about 4-6 weeks or so, I'm feeling somewhat better, and find myself dwelling on these thoughts less than I did before. I still have them on occasion, but certainly less often than before I most recently started seeing a doctor and taking meds.

Can someone help me understand where I fall/fell on the ""suicidal thoughts"" spectrum? How concrete do one's plans need to be before they become abnormal? Is spontaneously thinking ""I could jump off that bridge."" or ""I could swerve into oncoming traffic now"" abnormal?  How about thinking ""if it comes to suicide, I'll chose method X"" or ""if Y happens, suicide is my out""? How common is it to consider, even momentarily, ""maybe I'd be better off dead"" once a day? once a week?  I'm just not sure what ""normal"" is for this, and I'm afraid to ask my doctor for fear of the consequences."
"Hi, i'm 27 year old and have very little willpower, i'm overweight and i'm lazy, i have so little willpower to change my life and i think the reason i'm not dead right now is because i haven't been able to force myself to do it.  I hate my life.  Everytime i stand at the bustop i imagine jumping in front of trucks, I have stood on the rail of my 9th floor window and tried to muster the courage to push the screen off and follow it down.  I don't really know what to say i don't really have anyone to talk too.  I have no friends and my family and i haven't talked to each other in years.  I'm stuck in a dead end job,  I haven't been voluntarly touched by a human being in years.   I don't talk to anyone beside co-workers (most of which i dislike) and my roomate.  I'm not a good person, i'm rude and mean and lazy and fat. I don't want to live but i keep doing it because it requires less effort then not.  This feels so fucking melodramatic and i hate feeling like this so much.  I hate being me so much.  I've pretended to be smarter then other people so long but everyone seems to have figured life out so much better then me.   I don't know where to start and i'm terrified of change.  I've lived the last 8 years pretty much doing the same thing every day and every day hating it but I don't know how to change. that's not true i know how to change but i don't have the will to see it through.   I've been thinking about killing myself for 10 years  ever since the senior year of high school , probably every day, and i plan different ways and some times i buy supplies but I don't go through with it and i'm just so sick and tired of all the shit.  I'm going to stop now because I hate how i sound right now.  Like some whiny piece of shit.  Fuck it i'm going to post it anyways."
"I've seen that look somewhere before

Your sorrow's like an open door

You've been this way for much too long

Somebody must have done you wrong



But one day the sun will shine on you

Turn all your tears to laughter

One day your dreams may all come true

One day the sun will shine on you



I've seen that look so many times

I know the sadness in your eyes

Your life is like a wishing well

Where it goes, only time will tell



One day the sun will shine on you

Turn all your tears to laughter

One day your dreams may all come true

One day the sun will shine on



Say goodbye to the lonely nights

Say goodbye to the Northern Lights

Say goodbye to the cold north winds

Say goodbye to the autumn leaves



One day the sun will shine on you

Turn all your tears to laughter

One day your dreams may all come true

One day the sun will shine on you



One day the sun will shine on you

One day the sun will shine on you

- Gary Moore"
"I think when you engage a suicidal person with automatic life affirmations, you're really insulting their intelligence, or taking it for granted that they just want cheering up.

Does truth have to take a back seat when you're trying to talk someone down? You can show kindness and support without making assumptions about the value of a person's life. So you value all life. Just say that and leave it at that. Don't say things are going to get better when you really have no clue. Don't say there must be a solution when you're still struggling to find a solution to your own life that's falling apart.

Being cheerful and being honest don't have to be mutually exclusive. Some people are biologically predisposed to a life of misery, and many are extremely unlikely to ever find the medical care they need (or have you forgotten what kind of society we live in?). For all you know, they might be better off dead. Why make assumptions?

Just be kind."
"There's very little sense for me in living right now. If no one contacts me at all, I'll kill myself later tonight.

I'm sorry to whore for attention like this but I've reached the end and i no longer care what you might think of me"
"Dear you,

I want you. That isn't that hard to believe, especially since we've been together for 11 months. I want you even though we have an ocean in the middle of our relationship. I want you even though right now I have no job despite the fact I graduated at the top of my class with honors. I want you even though my family is poor. I want you even though I've given up every last penny I had to live with you... and now that I'm tapped out I don't know how to get to you again.

I want you even when you're mad at me, like I know you are now. I want you even though I know what I did isn't even that bad, even though you are making me say sorry a thousand times... simply because I put a return receipt in an email because I wanted to make sure you read it. I want you even though you blew up and didn't even respond to what that letter said.

I want you even though I think sometimes you are completely careless with my feelings because deep down I know in my heart that you are capable of loving me. I want you even though you don't say you want me anymore... even though you used to say it all the time... even thoug,h when I ask you if you still love me, you secretly kind of sigh when you say yes, like I should know. 

I want you right this minute when you are over three thousand miles away and giving me a silent treatment leaving me no way to get a hold of you. I want you because I'm capable of forgiveness almost every time and I know your life hasn't been easy either and I have this thing for broken people because I am one too. 

I want you because right now even though I am incredibly afraid that you are going to break up with me, I somehow still have no regrets about losing my virginity to you. There is something about the life within you that makes me feel so incredibly alive that it makes me feel like I am standing on the highest peak and letting the wind whip my face and for the first time I feel alive.

I want you even though when I got depressed, as I tend to do sometimes, you started comparing me to your ex and suddenly I felt like I was forever in a box that I had to climb out of. On the brightside, right now I want to slice myself into a million ribbons, but I'm not because I promised you that day I'd never do it again. I want you because after 10 years of hurting myself you forced me to stop... but right now it is so so very hard.

I want you to see that everything I do, even the things you get frustrated about or get angry about me for... are only because I love you. I want you because I just keep hoping you'll talk to me, that you'll stop focusing on the wrong part of my last letter and start paying attention to what it said, that I just need to be told I'm loved even if I'm supposed to already know.

I want you.

I want you to talk to me. 

I want you to forgive me.

I want you to be happy.

I want you to want me.

That's all I've ever wanted from you.

Love,

Me.

xx

~~~~~~

I'm having a really hard time right now. :*-(
"
"Ok, im fucking fed up with my life, let me start by saying that im not going to off myself but this vent may prevent me going in a rage and hurting ppl that care about me and i just feel like i need to vent some stuff that i've had on my chest for a long time, even if its only on the net it might help.

Few years ago i was a happy, naive 22 year old nerd who played games and went to college, occasionally had a drink at the weekend but i'd never had a girlfriend and got the most enjoyment from playing games.

Then i went to uni and my life got fucked upside down. I drank every day, went crazy, did drugs, flunked my course and generally fucked up my life. 

During this time i met a girl who i fell in love with, almost obsessivly in love with, she lived 800km away and long story short she asked me to move in with her, so i left my family and friends and moved in, only to find out after 3 months she was cheating on me with another guy. 

After leaving her i bounced around a couple of dead end jobs, contact centres, cafe's, bars etc. Was never able to hold down a job for more than 3 months because i have a problem with respecting authority, and i generally detest working menial jobs.

Fast forward 3 years, i've been unemployed and on state subsidies for 2. I live with my new girlfriend who adores me, and i can honestly say she is the only good thing in my life. Only problem is i dont feel anywhere near as much for her as my first love, and i hate myself for that.

I dont see why i should get a job, as the only thing i enjoy and am good at in life is gaming, and that is easily paid for by my state benifits. If i had my way i'd sit on my ass 24/7 playing games and never have to work in a stupid job again.

I've also become very bitter, and quite a nasty person. 10 years ago i was the nicest guy you could have met, would have trusted anyone etc... now the slightest thing will piss me off, im not a violent person but sometimes things set me off and im scared i'll end up doing something stupid.

tl;dr: I hate everything i've become."
"Friday, I was talking with a friend, and mentioned feeling some anxiety. They gave me an anti-anxiety pill that they had, and said that they had helped them. The next night, I was at a family wedding, and everyone was having a good time, myself included. We all came back to the hotel and were having a good time. Suddenly, though, I felt like I had to get out of there. I went to my room, packed my bags, and I was really angry. As I was walking out of the hotel, my friend tried to stop me. I wouldn't be stopped, and as I got to the fence at the edge of the parking lot, I tossed my bag over it, and then myself. I thought it was just leading to a wooded area, but it turns out it was a ravine. I lay at the bottom for a while, and folks finally convinced me to get up and pull myself out.

I was babbling about being angry and wanting to die. They got me back to my room, I cleaned myself up, and just talked about how I wanted to die, and would they please kill me. I then wanted to fight someone but when they told me ""no"" I just lay down. I wouldn't just stop talking about suicide. Then I finally passed out.

I'm not suicidal, at least I don't think so. The fact I was talking about it really frightens me. I do have a lot of anger inside me, and I really should work on that, but this suicide stuff coming out of me really bothers me. I've heard that anxiety pills can cause that kind of stuff and I looked this one up, and it can, but one pill 24 hours before? That can't possibly be it. Why would a guy who doesn't want to die talk about wanting to die?"
"I'm so tired.  So tired.  I can't do the mental gymnastics anymore.  I don't want to.  I've watched SW talk to so many people.  Some of it was beautiful, some of it was practical and motivational, and some of it even worked for me for awhile.  Little tricks like telling myself it will be OK, remembering that I've got most of my life ahead of me, pretending (to the point of deluding myself) that life is a simulation.  That last one really appealed to me because it meant that I wasn't really an abortion of a human being, but just existing as one for some purpose set out by a better instance of myself.  Entertainment maybe.  Research.  The guy that came up with that one was on here a little while ago.  His post was so sad.  I've got to be honest with you guys, I'm not strong enough to do anything without you.  If all SW went and killed themselves, I'd be next in line.  I know that's not fair.  I can kill myself and you'll just be a little sad for 5 minutes, provided you even ever knew I was dead, which you won't.  You've got a little more weight on your shoulders.  But then you can handle it because you're better than me, top to bottom.  Then again, I guess you also wouldn't give a shit what a derelict, useless person does with itself if you've already come to a point where you're willing to kill yourself.

Everything I do is just a little fucked up, because everything about me is wrong.  I can't run right.  I can't pull off facial expressions.  I've got bad eyes, can't see part of spectrum of color that some people get as a birth right.  I have a lower-end-of-average penis and hell, let's add to the list that I'm circumcised and don't ejaculate even as well as the friends I had growing up.  I talk slow, think slow, have shitty memory for names and directions, and am incapable of real-world problem solving.  Someone tells me to do something and I look at them with a dumb look on my face until they break it down to me like I'm a child.  I can't help that I don't understand.  I'm overweight and still have acne that will probably be here three years from now, too.  I tried fixing the weight problem, but that demands I give a shit about my body and my appearance.  Both are so fucked up beyond my ability to mend there's no point.  I'm an ugly, bow-legged, buck-tooth waste of food.  My heartrate gets up to 180 when I jog.  Just jog.  No sprint, no huge effort, even on my part.  I get chest pains sometimes, it feels like my heart slips lower into my chest, strange as that sounds, but I don't have insurance or money to get it checked out because I can't even provide for myself in the interest of keeping myself alive.  But you have no idea how much I wish my heart would just give out while I sleep in my parents house.  To just die outside of my own power to do anything about it...   That makes me happier to imagine.  But I'm probably not that lucky, it's probably nothing at all.

I don't want this life anymore.  I want to get up the courage to kill myself.  That I have the audacity to say that when I'm so ""fortunate"" to be alive is surely more proof of how unfit I am to live.  I'm not worth anything to anyone, at least not more than any other familiar thing, and definitely worthless to the betterment of humanity.  I'm what's holding better people back.  A resource drain good for intaking tax dollars and unearned checks.  I'm in the bottom quarter of humanity, as far as I'm concerned, by a composite of all the metrics that matter to me.  Maybe the bottom 10%.  I don't do anything for anyone.  And I don't want to change.  I don't want to go out of my way to try to be something to someone.  I'm too lazy to improve in any part of my life where the pain doesn't take me down first.  It's too late, I've already fucked up too much.  Some of it is irrepairable.  Permanent damage.

Life is a veil of tears and suffering for me.  I don't have AIDS, or cancer, and I'm not a burn victim, but I've never been OK.  I've never been OK."
"She was my first girlfriend.  At the end of high school we found ourselves drawn to each other and through a month or more of intense flirtation we found ourselves falling in love.  At the end of the summer she had plans to be in Virginia and I in Germany.  We had planned to not be together- that our relationship was an end of high school experiment.  But it wasn't so.  We stayed together- the separation was painful and we deeply missed each other.

She was sexually harassed at school.  The aftermath tore my heart out but we lived through it.  Then through the next few years we lived through starry nights and early mornings.  We were different but we were the same.  She was my love, my best friend, and my alter ego.  Of course there were fights and differences.  But we always found a way through and around.

This summer she went to California.  An internship.  Partly because of Virginia I was worried.  But I was supportive.  A few hours ago she said that she needed to talk and that she didn't think we were going to make it.

There is no definite conclusion on where we are.  We may not be together anymore.  Everything may be fine and I may be blowing everything out of proportion.

The thing is my heart is in my throat.  If we break up I don't know if I'd make it.  I've never thought I'd be the kind of person to say that.  I've been there for friends during hard times and never really understood.  But it's irrational and crazy but I'm just not sure.

I'm just not sure...

I'm not this kind of guy.  I feel a bit silly posting through the tunnel of the internet but this is embarrassing.  I'm not the kind of guy to feel like this, I'm not the kind of guy that wonders if life is worth it.

If anyone has anything to keep me going, I'd appreciate it.

It looks like things might be decided Wednesday morning.  Then either I'll feel very silly or things will be even worse.

I just don't know..."
"Right now I have.....

* 24,500mg of paracetamol
* 6,588mg of ibuprofen
* 2,900mg of co-dydramol
* 149.20mg of dihydrocodeine

Will that kill me tonight?
"
"Guys, therapy can get you so far. Please don't try to kill yourself and leave yourself with irreparable damage. In my case I got brain damage that will likely never heal, but trust me, you don't want to do this. I tried it twice, sincerely. I did the research. I did overdoses that were in one case 5x the LD50, and in the other case well over 200x. I survived, but it fucked me up.

I would plead with you all, please don't even try. It really isn't worth it.  I came here twice asking for help, and I was given it. I ignored it. I know how shitty depression and anxiety are, but there is hope. I had treatment resistant depression. SSRIs didn't work. Tricyclics didn't work. MAOIs worked, but I could deal with them. Eventually you'll come up with a combination of therapy and medication that will work, regardless of your situation.

Please, I beg you, don't attempt anything. I've tried it. If it works? Hey, it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem. If it doesn't work? Welcome to my life. I can't remember my father's name right now. I fall on a regular basis. I have constant tinnitus, and frankly, my life is shitty. That being  said, you can make yourself happy. It isn't easy. It takes work, but I know you can do it.

I love you all."
[removed]
"To start... I'm not actively suicidal. I've been depressed for years at this point, terribly so recently, in and out of crisis, with suicidal ideation. But I'm not about to do anything. I hope it's still okay to post. 

This post will be long. I need to say some things, I need to get some things out and feel like someone is listening. I feel so sad and so alone right now, so insignificant. And I shouldn't. My life is fucking great right now -- I have a secure, well-paying (for entry level work) job with awesome benefits at a non-profit, which is where I always wanted to work. And I thought those were mutually exclusive. I have an apartment with my boyfriend (I'm a woman) and our cat in a really great neighborhood in NYC. Everything is going fucking swimmingly. But I am the culmination of all of my life's experiences, and I feel like I'm stuck because of that. Like I will never get better. 

Let me just give you my whole fucking life story. I don't know that anyone really cares, but I want to just talk about it. I was born in the Midwest to a single, poor mother. My mom never finished school, got her GED and worked shit jobs ever since just to get by. I can't blame her at all, knowing her life. But she always did the best she could, because she loved me. I think the best years of my life to date were living in a little rented house, just her and me, when I was little. I loved school, I was really good at it and I had a few friends. I was really hypersensitive -- hell, I still am -- but luckily I never really got bullied. 

Then around when I turned 7, she got pregnant with my brother. We had to move -- our house wasn't big enough for two kids. And she couldn't afford much better. And my grandmother was getting older, with nobody to take care of her. So we had to move in with her. 

With her and my uncles. My grandma was (still is) a nasty drunk who favored her male children. My uncles also lived with her, and she took care of them, cooked for them, bought them beer with her social security income. My uncles didn't work, they just fucked around with their druggie friends and let my grandma toil over them. They were all nasty drunks. That's why I say my grandma had nobody to take care of her, despite living with two of her sons. 

My brother was born. He was okay. I can't say he and I were ever really friends, but we got along okay... we just kept to ourselves. I don't know. 

My mom hated living with the shitty family she grew up with, and she got so depressed... it runs in our family. She quit her job, and we lived off of welfare for awhile. Mom spent all her time sleeping. I was lonely. That year I got picked in the bussing lottery and had to go to a different school in the ""bad"" part of town, after going to a school that really sheltered me. I got bullied and beaten up a lot. Kids would ask me for help with their work and then turn around and ostracize me again. I was always a teachers-pet type, but that year my teacher wasn't having any of it... she seemed to think I brought all of the bullying on myself. Maybe I did. I had no social skills to speak of because I always went to the same school with the same kids prior to that. I was completely unchallenged by the curriculum, which was way behind what I had studied in 3rd grade -- they talked about putting me in reading classes with the 5th graders, but the teacher wouldn't let me go, because I missed a lot of homework, because I was fucking DEPRESSED AS SHIT BECAUSE EVERYONE FUCKING HATED MY GUTS. This was when I saw my first therapist and started taking my first meds. Imipramine. Worked great, all things considered. 

Fifth grade was marginally better. My original school closed, so I went to a different neighboring one... I was so cautious about not making the other kids hate me, and the teacher helped me make friends... probably the only year I was ever ""popular"". I got tested for the gifted program... I was so excited that I would finally get to do work that challenged me again, as my 5th grade school wasn't great academically either. I was going to be uprooted to another school across town... but I thought surely I was more socially adept now. It would be okay. 

And then middle school hit me like a ton of bricks. All of the other kids there -- ALL of them -- had gone to school together previously. They all knew each other. And in addition to making the adjustment to a new school, to a totally new FORMAT of school (versus elementary), to a more challenging school (gifted), I was the new kid that didn't know anyone. And I fucked it up. I completely fucked it up, I acted like a jackass and ensured that I would not have a single friend for those three years. 

What did I do to fuck it up? I still don't really know. I was annoying sometimes, yeah. I didn't have the social skills to deal with being ""the new kid"". But I think more than anything else they were just preying on my low self-esteem. I grew boobs before any of the other girls, and when I was 12 I looked like [this](http://i33.tinypic.com/faucdd.jpg) -- scanned from my church directory, and the only picture of me I have from that time. That's a pretty great body for a 15 year old, but since I was 12 everyone said I was a fat bitch who stuffed her bra. I was sexually harassed by boys that thought my breasts were open season for their groping. I got called fat so often that I decided, well, if I'm so fat already then I'm obviously unrescuable, and thus began three years of binge eating to try and make myself feel better. 

I was so *lonely*. Around this time one of my uncles snapped and threatened to kill my mother... he went to jail. This was when I realized that my uncles weren't just drunks, they were violent drunks. 

After looking at internet porn out of curiosity, I unearthed repressed memories of being raped by a cousin when I was 4. Very specific ones. He offered to let me play his Nintendo (specifically Super Mario World) if I would let him ""do that thing again"" -- I don't *remember* it happening previously, but I remember clearly him saying that. So I let him blindfold me, and he put me on all fours -- I remember later describing it to my mom as him ""putting his thumb up my butt"" but... I doubt it was his thumb, and remembering the sensation, I think it was vaginal. Then again, I don't know -- it didn't hurt, so maybe he just fingered me. God. Fucking disgusting. 

I made my first remotely serious suicide attempt in 7th grade. I stopped myself before anything bad could have happened... but I was so close. The only thing that kept me going was that we got the internet in our house, shitty dial-up -- my mom found a pretty decent job, but I still don't know how we afforded it (the computer was a gift, and almost certainly stolen) -- I spent a lot of time in Christian chat rooms, and made friends there. That was literally all that kept me going. 

I survived. I made it through middle school. High school offered me a new fresh start -- in 8th grade I heard a lot about the IB program and decided to go for that, and I got in. New school, new kids. I was determined not to fuck it up socially this time. I kept to myself and barely talked to anyone, but there was one girl who shared all the same classes with me. She and I got to be friends... and she's the only person I still consider a friend to this day. I don't know what I would do without her. She had transferred to public school a year or two before from a private Christian school. We had religion to go off of, and our common interests in music and drama (two of the classes we had together). I am so glad we were thrown together like that, by fate. I developed a small social circle, mostly thanks to her... most of the kids at this school came from the same middle school, which she had attended after leaving her private school, so she was able to kind of introduce me. 

This is starting to get painful... and I don't know if anyone is even going to read this, or care. I struggled through IB. 90% of the other students came from upper-middle-class or higher families -- they could concentrate on their academia and their extracurriculars and their college-bound resumes and nothing else. I had to worry about keeping the internet on (as it was still my biggest social outlet), sometimes I had to worry about food... my grandma and remaining uncle started getting more an more violent. Various cousins stayed for extended periods. The one that raped me started coming around, and my mom had to tell my grandma about what happened to me so she wouldn't let him hang around. She later blabbed the story to various druggie friends of my uncle's. Thanks, you fucking bitch. 

My life was so unstable. I never felt safe. I went into a deep depression, again. Stopped turning in homework or really doing much beyond the bare minimum. I went to the doctor, who told me she would give me pills, but clearly if I was showing depressive symptoms then I was going to be depressed for the rest of my life, and I would have to promise to stay on the pills FOREVER. Zoloft made me fucking nuts. I did even worse in school, went back and forth between mania, apathy and terrible suicidal thoughts. My doctor was still fucking insistent, and my mom didn't know any better but to listen to her, so I had to quit it cold turkey, on my own. I tried to explain everything to my teachers, but. I was an IB student. I should have been better than that. They wouldn't really work with me, and the few that let me turn in any late work were honest-to-god nasty with me. 

Other kids got help when they needed it. Why wouldn't they help me? 

(more in comments)"
"I don't really know what's wrong with me... I feel like my brain is wired differently from other people's. I don't get that much happiness or joy or whatever that people get when they do normal stuff like play games or whatever, the only time I'm happy is when I'm in a relationship.

In high school, I loved this girl to the point of obsession but, she really just didn't like me back. I dreaded myself for a year, I got pretty depressed. I couldn't really motivate myself to do anything, I lost the majority of my friends, I just kind of... stayed in my room and stopped caring.

My senior year I found someone, and we talked for a while and we were really happy. We actually had to agree to force ourselves to log off of AIM at the same time, because we would stay up so late talking to each other that our classes would be brutal. She had a friend who went to my school. Her friend was in English with me, but failing. I wanted her friend to be able to hang out with her over the summer because they were really close, so I tried to help her with class, but then she told my friend I was bugging her and after repeated attempts to make amends they both hate me now. After that I lost the rest of my friends except for one, but we're getting kind of distant...

I'm starting college now. It's a community college, so the normal ways to meet people don't really work. I'm really lonely, I don't really talk to people now anymore, and I don't see any reason for me to keep doing the work. There's a girl in my japanese class who reminds me of the girl I really liked in high school, and thinking about how I'd never really be able to befriend her or talk to her because she's already got a solid group of friends and i'm a weird ugly outsider just makes me really depressed. Before, I would always think about suicide really emotionally, but now it feels way more calculated. I don't even fear death anymore, because life just doesn't have any point to it. When I was most depressed, my fear of death would stop me, but now I just think about what the future could be and that kind of stops me. I looked it up and saw something like 20% of guys never get married, and even then most marriages end in divorce, so the odds are I'd never really find someone to be with my whole life and that's really all I want. Suicide just seems like a shortcut, since for me it doesn't look like the path to death will be paved with any happiness.

I don't feel as depressed anymore, but, I think I'm a lot closer to suicide. I like to sit in my car and drive around, passing by a bridge over and over again because if I just turned the steering wheel I could kill myself and be done with everything. I like to sit in the kitchen and lay down with a big knife and just... sit there... thinking about it. 

I guess it's just that Suicide has gone from some big emotional ""oh no I'm in pain thing"" to just ""there's no point anymore."" I don't even know what I'm asking from you guys, but I thought maybe there was some way you could help."
"hey everyone,

kind of a sob story here... i found out my cousin committed suicide the other day. it's scary, we're both the same age and still kinda young. i saw him lots when i was younger, but we grew apart... only recently we became facebook friends, yanno? we never talked much, makes me kinda sad i didn't reach out more 

the thing is, i probably could have related to some of his problems, seeing how we're the same age and from the same family stock. at the very least i could have listened, helped him through those bad times. i've kinda been there in dark myself, i think most people have too.

anyway i just wanted to stress that **there's always someone out there** who can be there for you. even a distant cousin or someone you wouldn't expect. *we all go through dark places in life and we all got through with some help*

if nothing else, call [suicide watch](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/?gclid=CPDjjqPWwqMCFQL7agodjlrodw) 1 800 273 8255
seriously you are never alone, there's always help"
I tried so many times to get help. but still i think it best if i kill myself already i found a place so i will go soon.   it must be that if you dont have a good family you are too far behind everyone and life is just too difficult because i am alone and then people are cruel and mean  it must be if someone has no one of course they jsut end up killing themselves becaues only the people who have some support can move on but i dont have anything so the option for me is to die i found a place but i dont know but from 10 floors up i should be dead.  
"My first language is not English, so please bear with me.. :)

I'm 36 and I've been following this subreddit for quite some time now. Mainly because I feel like a loser and a fake (in my own mind) and I've been thinking about ending it myself as long as I can remember. Suicide was always plan B.

I used to think that there was a connection between material possessions and happiness, but recently it occured to me: I was depressed and suicidal, when I made more than $100000 a year and I was depressed and suicidal, when I was in debt over my head as I am right now. Just one hour ago someone called me to ask me about some bill I didn't pay... This time it didn't really affect me that much.. Why?

So.. One morning, two weeks ago, I woke up actually shaking from anxiety and really out of my mind depressed - worse than I have probably ever felt. 

For the first time in many years, I went into the woods, it was raining heavily and I was actually scouting for a quiet place where I could lay undiscovered for a couple of days or more, but I don't know what happened. I was soaked, mud on my shoes, the green trees and the wind in my face. A deer suddenly crossed my path 10 meters in front of me and I saw a black snake of some kind crawling away to safety as I was walking along, once in a while a tiny small frog in the grass tried to dodge my feet. When I was in the army, I came to love nature even though it's a rough place and it doesn't really love you back. In that moment I just realized that I just love everything out there - a great big hurricane, howling winds, rain so thick you can't see, the force of it all just fills me with awe.. It all came back to me on that particular day - maybe because of my state of mind..

I still don't know what really happened and how my mind shifted so suddenly, but I had this overwhelming feeling that I had to go back and try again. I got out all the job application rejections I had received during the last months and replied to them. One in particular was an application from which I didn't even get a proper reply, so with my renewed energy on this particular day, I decided to write to the CEO of that company to explain my credentials and why they should consider hiring me.. I got an reply after a day or so and they wanted to see me after all - I had the jobinterview 6 hours ago and it went pretty good, but even if I don't get the job I'm probably going to do okay.

I still have very negative thoughts once in a while, but I really try to ignore them and push them in the background. I spend at least one hour in the woods every day now and I even bought a book to help me identify the plants and the herbs I might find out there and it seems to help me - far away from everything. If I lose my apartment or my car, then so be it. It doesn't re4ally matter to me right now. They are just things and they are not important right now.

Maybe that job I interviewed for will turn out okay or it won't. I hope it will - hence cross your fingers.. And maybe I'll descend into depression again - I don't know - but for the first time in years after spending 12-14 hours behind a computer every day, I think I have found the core of what really matters to me. It's not a specific thing - I just have this feeling again that I belong here in this world and that I need to mobilize a different plan B.

UPDATE: Everybody! I got the job!!! ... Actually they called while the real estate agent was having a look at my appartment.. Life is funny sometimes.. Best job ever - I get to continue the research I did in my own company the last 18 months, so it's perfect.. I won't earn that much as it is a small startup, but who cares.. I love you all! thanks!

Plan B will be different from now on - I hope.. :) ..

"
"girlfriend is leaving for new york (where shes from) in 3 weeks. i dont know what to do.. everyone i know is moving or too distant or i think doesnt wanna hang out with me. this is a bad time in my life. im gonna move to ny and be with her, i guess? but im also gonna cheat on her while were apart, i think. i need another warm body but at the same time am supposedly in love with her, even though she has kinda gotten fat and im not really attracted to her right now :/. i want someone else to feel good about. ultimately though, my problem is not knowing what the fuck im doing in life. im okay right now with my job but not fulfilled with where i would be going in the career trek. my best friend is blowing me off for new friends and some new bestie who he is ""totally in love"" with. i dunno guys, im just wondering where the fuck im going from here"
"It's my 16th birthday. Which I guess is pretty big. For every single one of my friends, I've planned parties so they could enjoy it. But today, none of them did anything for me. I feel so invisible and forgotten. 

I feel like I've entered a shit storm. 

I fucked up a major exam. I am currently having a series of exams as well. I broke up recently. My parents are in a rough patch.

And worst of all, I feel another episode coming back. I'm Bipolar. I'm not sure if I feel like dying right now. But I am so afraid those thoughts will come back again. 

Please help. I just kinda need someone to talk to. "
"I'm 16. 2 years ago i fell in love with a girl, we had a relationship that all together lasted maybe 4-5 months. Not a massive length relationship but to me it was special. We broke up, she dated another guy about 1 week later. We have stayed really close friends, throughout all of her breakups i have been there for her. I hate her but i love her. I want her to fuck off and leave me alone and i have told her to but then i am left with a massive empty feeling. At first i thought it was just that i needed a girlfriend but i went out and got one but it didnt feel any better. My life itself isn't that bad, family is ok and im not poor but i just feel rediculously depressed. Some days i have what i assume are panic attacks (heavy breathing, uncontrollable  crying and the feeling that i have to harm myself). The latest one was at a festival and i just broke down in the middle of a path, luckily my friends were with me. I never feel happy, and i feel like everything is slowly declining. Oh and to add to that i keep having homosexual thoughts which really fuck me up, cause i don't really want tthat drama added to my life. I don't talk to anybody about my feelings other than to the girl i mentioned earlier (and even to her i only hint at a few of my lighter problems, as i feel like an attention seeker if i tell anyone about it, but a throwaway account seems like a good way to avoid that feeling). I could elaborate but i think this is long enough already so i will just cut to the point of why this is here and not in /r/depression.

After (sort of during really) the panic attack at the festival i left the park and i was in a really bad place. I threw my phone against the wall which broke it. I punched a wall about 10 times my hands were pretty much streaming blood. Then i realised that the wall i was punching was  actually a bridge so i climbed ontop. I stood there and looked over and saw it was a massive drop. i hovered one foot over and leant forward but everytime i lost my balance i would wimp out at the last moment. this has happened before but instead of a bridge it was a knife (you can guess how).

tl;dr: depressed for years, slowly getting worse, tried jumping, was too much of a wimp.

EDIT: i may have missed some things out, so if anything seems a bit lacking in info just ask."
"&gt;eczema on the fucking face

&gt;losing hair at 20

It was okay until my genetic inferiority was hidden. Now I have to display it on my face. Screw that. Nature wants me dead. I'm gay anyway so my genes mean nothing. I'm worthless and useless.

My plans are meaningless. Anything I do is inconsequential. Only beautiful people move the world."
"I'm not exactly sure why I'm writing this, or what I'm going to type, but for the moment, I'm not exactly suicidal. However, I think about death almost all the time. 

I posted a very dark [AskReddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cnt5y/why_should_i_keep_going/) before I knew about SuicideWatch, and the comments were enough to help me through that stage. I really appreciate what you guys do, and it gives me hope that maybe there is more to life than just existing. 

I just need to get some things off my chest. I'm like most people nowadays, down on my luck, dead-broke, unable to get a decent job. It's a huge part of why I'm usually suicidal. I don't like that I can't fix this situation no matter how hard I try. 

My problem is that I feel like a nobody. Because of my condition, I didn't make too many friends in my life. Friends are the key, or at least a huge part of how other people become successful. It's not so much about what you can do, it's about who you know. I'm living proof. I only have a handful of real friends (people I talk to 1 on 1 at least once a month or so). 

I'm not very good at communication. I have Asperger's Syndrome, and I think my short-term memory is shot because of PTSD. No one should have to go through what I went through. Most of my pain was described in my previous reddit post. 

I just don't know what to do. I want to promote my music. I seem to have a gift. I can bullshit my way on a piano. It's hard to describe. I can sit down and play music. Most of the time I won't even know what I play until I play it. 

I've recorded over 30 hours of piano music and no one really wants to listen to it. I'm not asking people to listen to everything, I just would like feedback on the music I write. I also write electronic music. It all can be listened to on [my website for free](http://www.alphadeus.com). I also started trying to promote myself by posting in r/listentothis. 

Someone bought my track ""Pristine"" from [my Bandcamp page](http://alphadeus.bandcamp.com). It made me ecstatic. In all of the years I've been doing music, this was the first time someone said ""hey, this guy wrote a song that I am willing to purchase"". It made me happy. 

I prefer to give my music away for free, but I need financial support. I've written over a hundred songs easily in my life. Music flows right out of me. I just need guidance. I need someone to control my talent, because I don't know how to. 

I'm drifting from why I'm posting this. Things are pretty good right now. The medication I take seems to help with depression, but I still have suicidal thoughts. Sometimes I'll just sit at my piano desk, close my eyes, and pretend I'm holding a gun and pull the imaginary trigger against my temple. 

A big part of me simply wants to not exist anymore. I'm not comfortable in my own body. Asperger's Syndrome makes it so my senses are easily overloaded, especially touch. I can't even rub my own palms together without feeling a ticklish painful sensation. I have to wear loose clothing because otherwise I feel it all the time. I rarely shower because I'm both afraid to change my clothing, and I become extremely hypersensitive to touch afterward. 

Right now I'm OK, but I just feel like I'm going to lose it one day and just kill myself. I used to feel it all the time before the medication. There has to be some kind of chemical imbalance in my brain, and that only upsets me more. 

I'm basically a victim of my brains own imbalance. It doesn't matter what I want from life, my brain is going to tell me to kill myself. I've always been this way, even as a kid. I made promises to teachers in school that if my father died, I would kill myself. I was only a kid, maybe 12 years old, possibly younger. 

My father died when I was 16, and I'm still here. Part of me kicks myself for breaking the only promise I ever made. 

I just need to get these things off my chest. I've been coming to reddit for a few months and I am just awe-struck by how awesome you guys can be (and slightly annoyed with the treatment of people with Aspergers on this site, but hey, takes all kinds). I'm not going to kill myself, but I think about it a great deal. Practically all the time. It just seems like the logical thing to do. 

I guess I just need to start making money. If I make money, I'll be stable, and if I'm stable financially, I should be OK emotionally. My entire life I've never known financial stability. I grew up in the projects on welfare with an abusive mother and a father that gave up after she died. 

Because I was kept home from school most of the time, I didn't get a good education, and I have no idea how to handle my money (although I went through bankruptcy and part of it was having to take a course on finances, which helped a great deal). 

I really appreciate you taking the time to read this. "
"because i got high, procrastinated, failed post-secondaries 3 times, in four years, i`m quite smart, the brilliant one in the family for 5 kids, 
but really freaking lazy, i'm stuck in limbo right now, catch 22 situations, i've had many of them, but this one, takes the cake, living with parents, who are rich, but really strict, definitely have no chance of a gf for several months to a year, believe me, its a very dull lifeless city, plus the strict rules of the house, and the shame of not having my own place, completely shitty internet connection, cant even work on my hosting business i taught myself for 3 years, and no money to even work on something else, 

i just cant do it, i cant see myself living in this nightmare , 

i just want to sleep and not wake up anymore, with no worries, relieving the past, going through those moments where everything changed, and wishing, wishing i had made the other decision, i'm so stressed, depressed, with massive regrets, suicidal thoughts, shame in seeing old friends who are doing good, don't wanna speak to ex gf on the phone who is thousand of miles away and sleeping around, a lot, because i overreacted and bailed on her, but i really miss her, and i really wanna let her go, and not call her anymore, but im so bored most of the day,  with no friends to talk to, and i end up calling her, everyday, people here are incredibly dull, but im so bored, like really bored, there's really nothing to do to pass the time, 

i really wanna die, a fool proof method, that leaves no serious trauma for my family, i dont wanna be a burden anymore, i just cant handle it, last year, the year before that, and the year before that too,  i was really motivated to live, to experiment, to turn my life around, but now i want to, i really want to, but its out of my control, it rests on some one's decision, to make things better for me, and if i get the go ahead, I WILL GET MY LIFE BACK, but if i am denied, then all is lost, for i cant wait any longer .
"
"I have boyfriend issues, family issues, housing issues, school issues, self esteem issues, friend issues, mental issues, and issues with life all together. In the back of my mind, I know that killing myself is not what I want, and I know that its pointless because *eventually* everything will be dealt with. I've been struggling with these issues for quite a long time, and I'm just fed up. None of it has gone away and I've worked so hard for so long, I'm about to give up .. I don't know what to do..."
"I... I don't know what to do anymore. Even if I'm fine for three weeks, I become a complete cunt when I PMS. I threaten suicide to try and get my fiance to leave me, then I realize what kind of horrible person I am and just really want to die. I have no skills for life, I don't want to do anything other than sit near my computer or sleep. I just want it all to end and go away and stop... bothering me. Every few days or weeks I jump off of whatever happy I was on and sink farther into depression... I'm seeing a psychiatrist, I'm on medication, but I just... it isn't going away and I can't deal with it. 

EDIT: Thank you guys for the replies. I wrote it at a ridiculous hour last night and only now woke up to caring people taking the time to help. *Hugs* to you all, I'll make sure to save the page and look at it later when I need it.

I'll most certainly talk to my doctor about this."
A permanent solution to a temporary problem.
"im 16 and i dont believe in god. im stuck in a very religious household and even my name is reflective of the background i come from. i am pathetic. i am ""dating"" a girl i met online who i have never met in real life before. i have never had a steady irl girlfriend for more than a month. i have only had 2 steady irl girlfriends before. less than 8 weeks of any sort of support. i feel hurt and angry toward the world. my school sucks. people make fun of me, i am shy and quiet and awkward, socially in school i am a joke. out side of school, at work during the summer people like me but i can never break the barrier and actually become friends with anyone. i am friends with a very few people. im tired of life and of shit. my life is hell, my parental relations are strained, my dad and i fight all the time and my mom is awful because shes a religious nut and i cant stand it. i want to admit im an athiest but that means that i would break my parents and familys heart, i would probably be shunned as well because i am in a hugely religious family and the only other person who could support me is my cousin who is also athiest but i dont even think he knows i am yet. i hate my life, im miserable and was brought up being told i am super intelligent and special, etc ettc. i dont feel smart, i feel average or below average. my work ethic is shit and i nevr work out - i'm not fat but i could gain some muscle. people who i meet online call me ""cute"" and  i have had 2 internet romances, one of which i am currently in. irl, nobody finds me attractive. i feel ugly. i was on omegle video chat the other day. signed on, some woman said ""wow you re fucking ugly""then signed off. i cant stand shit like that, fuck her. didnt help me much either. ive given up - my life is  shit and im unhappy, i cant find any interests and my grades have slipped. i have only one friend who sees me for who i truly am and she has tried to help me through it but she gave up last year - we still are friends but we dont talk about my problems. im fucked up, i need help reddit

i want to die"
"I feel so pathetic. I wasted two years of my life doing nothing. I've been in college for six years now and still have problem graduating. I'm not entirely stupid. There are people who aren't as bright as me just breezing through college. So what the fuck is wrong with me??

I major in CS and I know jack shit. I tell myself logically that once I graduate, it will be okay because I'll work on nice little nifty portfolios that I can show /work on to improve my skills. But will I? I have no motivation. I want to, I really do but the moment I start ""working"" I get so nervous and anxious I can't work anymore. I talked to my SO about this and what I got was ""well, you chose not to work so why are you bitching about it."" GOD FUCKING DAMN IT I knew it was my conscious decision not to work but I feel so anxious, I can't stare at the stupid codes without feeling so overwhelmed by everything in my life. I just want myself to work at it so I can graduate and GTFO this rut.

All I want to do is stay at home and do nothing. I have friends but I don't wanna see them anymore. I haven't talked to my parents because all they every fucking talk about is me not being able to graduate. They also have shitload of medical problems. All they ever did is work so hard all their lives for me and my sibling so I want them to stop working but hey, I'm unemployed and they need to work so they can pay for my college while I'm doing jackfuckingshit and wasting my life.


I also feel like I have borderline diabetes, my urine has that sickly sweet scent if I have something sweet. BRB, I'm going to go cry at my pathetic self now."
"I honestly just want to die, but I can't kill myself. I did some research and even that 10% survival chance from throwing yourself in front of a train is something I won't risk. I'll just be a vegetable then..

Chemicals that'll kill you are hard to come by, so that's also not an option.. I'm no marine, so I doubt I'll be able to cut myself so hard I'll die from it.

What the fuck.. I'm binge drinking right now, I started smoking again, all my credit cards got cancelled, so I can't even buy more beer now and I'm just fucked up.. I hate this fucking fucked up fucking shit!"
"I feel so worthless. I have such a horrible personality everyone hates me. If I was at least good looking people would still like me but i'm not.


I've been living with my aunt and she says she doesn't think we get along and when I move out for school I won't be coming back.

My own aunt doesn't like me.


Family relationships are supposed to be a big deal in my family and she doesn't even like me.

Why would anyone like me? I'm so annoying and obnoxious and I say sorry far too much.

And I'm ugly and everyone hates ugly girls -__-

Fuck everything. I'm so lonely. And angry. Ugh I am pissing myself off with my whineyness."
"I guess this is what you call a small victory. The fact that I'm alive.

Thanks for your support everyone. It means a lot to me.

I'm not going to lie and say that I'm ok now, because I'm not. But I have you guys to thank. I wouldn't be here right now if I didn't talk to you guys.

I'm going to keep seeking advice and help. Mostly try to hang out with friends so I won't be alone again. One small step at a time."
"I have nobody to talk to... i'm at school far away from my parents for the first time in my life and I am so lonely. When i was in highschool I could at least socialize with my parents, but now i'm completely alone... I never went out in highschool and was ok with that, but now I am in a dorm room without a roommate (hasn't shown up) and feel llike crap. Everyone seems to know somebody and is walking around with them or whatever... I just wish I could make friends, I get extremely nervous whenever I am around people and suck with icebreakers... Anyways, just wanted to rant for once."
"Hi guys, for the past few weeks I've been fluctuating between crushing thoughts of suicide and feeling like I can eventually feel better. I'm 21 and I live with my mom, younger brother and older sister for now. Right after high school I went to University about an hour from home, had a place with a friend from high school and worked between classes to pay bills &amp; living expenses, with help from my parents. I was irresponsible and stopped going to classes after a quarter and a half (quarter system school), and started working full time. Shortly after that my roommate moved out without notice and I decided at that point that I might as well move back home.

I've definitely been in a rut since then. A year after leaving school, I had lost over 100lb and working. I thought I finally had some perspective and motivation and could make things work. I only went to a semester of community college before we moved back to Florida. Schoolwork I can handle, I've always done well academically; it's my people skills that are lacking.

I've always been extremely shy and reserved, but I have a burning desire to be more outgoing and successful with relationships. I feel extremely anxious when talking to people that I haven't had adequate time to feel out, and I berate myself for it on a daily basis. I also began self-isolating when I was 13 or 14 years old, and have done so since. Except for a period of 5-6 months where I began smoking weed and meeting new people who I would hang out with, I spend roughly 95% of my personal time completely alone. I work 40 hours a week doing backroom stocking for a retail superstore, and it's actually been going fairly well for the past few months. I joke around with several people and have a good time, but I really wish I had the capacity to actually form real friendships and spend time with people, but I have no idea how, or what to even do. 

I really feel like I've spent the last 6-7 years constantly trying to solve one problem only for another to reveal itself (hence the title). I've ""tried"" to kill myself on a few occasions, only two of which did I actually go to the edge and seriously try to die, but wasn't successful. My family is mostly oblivious to it, but since I've always learned to deal with things on my own, they mostly ignore it or else don't know how to help. At a mental health clinic following one of the attempts, I was ""diagnosed"" by a psychologist as having a rapid cycling bipolar disorder. They prescribed a tranquilizer for it which eased my racing thoughts but not much else, but it was far too expensive past the free samples ($500/month, and I didn't qualify for the reduced payment plan).

At this point I feel like I haven't ever had any genuine solutions for my troubles, but it's really mostly how long it's lasted that makes me feel defeated. My purpose for sharing this with anyone who will listen is to hopefully get some advice, to maybe hear something that I haven't heard before, to maybe find a path to a solution for once."
"I feel like I'm just constantly fighting to stay alive. For the past 10 years I've been on meds. I've done the therapy thing, I've had ECT. What other options are there? 
I'm just so tired of fighting. I don't remember ever being happy or even content. Maybe my time has come. Maybe, for some of us, there is no hope. I just wanted to vent for a second. Thanks for reading."
[removed]
"I posted in here before, i didn't kill myself obviously. I'm so tired. I've been struggling for an entire month trying to fix myself and failing. I went to see a therapist and they tossed me in a room with a chick my age who could barely speak English properly (like, like, and whatever) and was pushed into the career mostly by her parents cause she had no idea what to do. I can tell you her passion for her work really showed in the amount of help she gave (none).

I sleep a lot now, it's easier than being awake. I drink more because it makes me sleep. I'm pretty okay when i'm high but weed isn't free nor is it unlimited in its quantity. At the moment i'm only around because i'd really hurt my fiance but day by day i realize i'm doing that anyway be being so damned sad all the time. I'm depressed every day. I can't force myself to give a shit about anything anymore. I honestly hate living.

It's not a new trigger either, it's the same tired bullshit i've been going through for my entire life. I just want to be happy for more than a few months at a time, and maybe, just maybe, be happy because it happened naturally and not because i was forcing myself to be social and/or enjoy myself. It's so exhausting to pretend that i'm not a basket case all the time, but that's the way of life. People around will care up until the point that they realize they can't fix your problems with lolcats and a few ""but *we* love yous"". They get tired and go away, which is okay as they aren't psychologists, but sucks because it means i'm living an 10 hour ""the happiest suicidal man on earth"" show.

It's exhausting. I don't even think i want to kill myself. I'm not really suicidal in the ""hate everything"" way, more in the ""what other choice is there"". I've been dealing with this shit for decades literally now, the times i tried to get help were woefully ineffective and will continue to be because as i've discovered free mental care means committing you if you're suicidal and putting you out the door if you're not. I don't even know why people talk with others about their problems anyway, it doesn't fix anything.

I'm not a productive member of society, though i really think that i could have been at one point. I'm broken. I don't even know why i'm writing this, i don't know what i expect i already took the advice, I tried to go to counseling, i tried talking with people, i tried to get out more.

Life isn't even not what i expected it to be. I'd like to think i don't have any illusions of grandeur, i'm pretty okay as long as i have food to eat. I didn't even want much out of life, i don't want to be rich or famous or anything, I just want to be a good husband to my fiance one day, a good father at some point in my life, and some sort of steady source of income. I don't think i can do any of that, and nothing in my past suggests that anything is going to change.

Maybe i'm being greedy. Maybe i should watch videos of the kids in war-torn countries who really have it bad. I'm clothed, fed, and have a roof over my head so i'm doing better than a large percentage of the world. Hell, i have a computer with which to bitch about my first world problems with other first world people who aren't grovelling about in the dirt for food every day.

What the fuck is wrong with me. I'm trying so hard to be okay but nothing works. I don't know what to do anymore I'm really trying SW i am screaming for help here."
"It's devastating for some members of the family, of course. But is there any other reason why one should not kill oneself?"
"I don't know how to look for a job. And I'm unqualified. 
I have no connections and don't know any people and that's how everyone gets employed here. 
I wasted an entire year trying to be something I'm not and trying to impress people from my uni classes.
I'm rooming with a pretentious ""artist"" and his retard sister. 
Everything is annoying and bad. I'm depressed. I don't know if I should study for my remaining tests because I'm gonna drop out anyway. I don't feel like studying, I don't feel like doing anything. I want to die.
I think I'm never going to have friends or feel happiness.
I'm 20 already, it's too late to start building a social circle.

Because over here everyone knows hundreds of people by the time they're 20. Everyone I met here already has so much friends. I don't and they see it. And they think less of me.

I'll have to go home and I have no friends there. And I can't any friends there because all those people there are rednecks. No one wants to be friends with a fag.

I can't get a job here. And if I could, I don't want to keep living where I live right now.

I'm going to kill myself."
"hi, i've posted several times before...  i've super appreciated the support and advice i've gotten here.  i'm still chronically suicidal, but less impulsive.  i'm still fighting being schizoaffective and dealing with consensus reality, but so it goes.  i just wanted to say i'm so happy this subreddit exists.  i think everyone who comes here seeking help is brave and i think those offering kind, genuine words are ... well, so wonderful, even if it's ""just"" text on a screen.  i also wanted to let you guys know i'm starting a new semester at school so i'm actually a little optimistic, though under terrific pressure.

i'm trying to develop my own treatment plan.  if anyone has advice for this (specific steps or how to go about it in general), i'd appreciate your advice.

lastly, big *hugs* to all.  stay strong.  mad love."
"I was pretty much suddenly suicidal after a few panic attacks and then I had a month of suicidal thoughts and panic attacks and whatever. My lowest point was being around a dog and realizing he didn't cheer me up, and then realizing that nothing matters at all. I would eat a cookie or something and remind myself that it didn't really taste good, it doesn't matter. 

Well my doctor said that since I had an extremely traumatic event last spring that it could very well be a brain chemistry thing since I had no history or family history of mental illness, and I am not in a risky demographic. Anyway, I'm on an antidepressant now.

I'm better. I enjoy things, look forward to things (something I would never do when I was suicidal) and I feel like I would be missing out if I ended it. But when I'm not with friends, I still think about it. It has been the worst tonight. I realize that while I am not where I was, I am still not that against killing myself. Maybe it's all in my head? 

Might I add that this whole thing kind of feels like when I used to smoke pot, but after awhile I didn't enjoy it deep down, it was just fun to do while watching tv, but it all kind of reminds me of how I felt during those highs. I got the idea that ""everything is bad"" and how nothing ends up good. 

I think a lot of it will go away, maybe all of it. As quickly as the legitimate thoughts came, perhaps they left with the medication I'm taking. But when something like that consumes you like it did me, and I still am disturbed by the whole thing, I guess it doesn't just go away from your thoughts as easily.


My university also offers counseling or therapy from a psychiatrist for $5 a session, but I am having a really hard time with getting the strength to make an appointment. I have the money, but I'm nervous. Anyone with any experience with that kind of thing?"
"My number one life goal is to shoot myself in the fucking head. It's all I want. My heart tells me that I should die - to suddenly slip into a blissful sleep.

And to counter that, I've decided to stay alive. I know I shouldn't commit suicide; that it's a waste of a life which will end in it's own time anyway, that suicide will fuck up friends and family. I don't think I really *care* about them; but I think I should, so I do.

I just... I don't want anything out of life, and I've fought so hard against suicide that it's become a large part of me.

8 months in, and group therapy feels like a waste of time; there's no guidance or advice on how to sort myself out, just countless predictable conversations that could easily already occur in my imagination."
"Hey everyone, my friend Niko is very near and dear to my heart and I actually met him on this subreddit about 9 months ago. Most of you who frequent here know of him, he's the boy from Serbia. Anyways, he normally talks about suicidal ideation and his problems in life, but for us its just been me helping him talk through his emotions, and he's usually fine by the end of the day, however his last post on Facebook was pa, zbogom which means well, goodbye, and I haven't heard from him. He posted that just on Monday, but honestly its unusual for us to go that long without talking. We talk on average at least once a day if not multiple times. Have you seen any posts on here from him recently and have any of you talked with him in the last 48 hours?

TL;DR My Friend Niko is missing, Have you spoken to him?"
"I want to make it known that I am not an attention seeking blogger, in fact I never write articles. Most of my time online is spent on social networking sites &amp; reading current events articles (maybe some games here &amp; there)

I am here tonight writing to you guys in hopes that maybe somebody cant understand my pain. Maybe somebody out there who is all alone in the world can feel better knowing that I am right there with them... Maybe I can feel better knowing one of you is there with me. Struggling sucks, but sharing your struggles with somebody sucks less. With that being said, here is my story:
-------------------------------------------------------------

I was never really the accepted person. I can remember sitting in class dreading lunch hour because I didn't want people to see that I was all alone without anyone to hang with. It truly was embarrassing. So often times I would go sit in a bathroom stall for the entire period or walk somewhere on campus that no one ever went to. I remember making a few attempts to try to become a part of someones group. It never happened. In fact, things started getting worse when I tried. 

My freshman year of high school was by FAR the first worst year of my life. I started off under the radar, but eventually I was known... In a bad way. I hated walking from class to class because I was usually confronted by an abusive student who wanted nothing less than to try to break me down. Bitch, fag &amp; loser were words I heard a lot. Things didn't start getting REALLY bad until about halfway through the year.

I was in PE class. We were playing softball this particular day &amp; everything was going decently... Until a ball was hit my way &amp; I failed to catch it. A black student named Chris yelled at me for it &amp; called me a slew of names. I think his main objective was to make me feel like a complete failure (as if I didn't have enough to deal with already). Well, I know what I did next was wrong.... But I was in such a bad place that I didn't really think before I replied ""Shut the fuck up nigger.""

I have never been a racist, but just once I wanted to see someone who humiliated me &amp; attacked me personally get some verbal payback so that maybe they could feel the pain I felt. Bad idea. He ran over to me and tried to fight me, he pushed me &amp; was egging me on to fight. All the while the ENTIRE class (about 60 people) are all staring in my direction. I started to freak out on this guy and that;s when things got even worse. 

This girl walked over to me and put her arm on me and tried to calm me down. I know she wasn't being mean but I was too embarrassed to just sit there, I had so much going through my mind that I pushed her arm off of me. I couldn't deal with someone touching me because it didn't seem right. Everyone hated me, so why would somebody actually want to help me out? I was doing what felt natural.. I was shutting people out. 

Well, I didn't think it was that big of a deal what I did but apparently others did. Some guy said I pushed her (and she agreed). to this day I don't think I pushed her, I just pushed her arm off of me. There is a difference? Well, the entire class wasn't going to turn away and stop looking at me after seeing all this. They kept staring. The Chris guy is the one who accused me of ""pushing a girl."" After that, about half the people in the class were ganging up against me hurling every insult they possibly could at me. One person being mean is bad, 2 is even worse.... But what do you do when an entire class turns against you?

I needed to get off of this field because I was about to lose control of my emotions &amp; cry like a dumbass in front of everyone. That couldn't happen.  I tried to walk away, and I walked past my PE teacher. She asked me if I was OK and I said yes. I probably looked like I was about to bawl my eyes out... because I was. As I was walking away from the field, I was trying as hard as I could to contain myself just until I got to the bathroom. But I ended up cracking right then &amp; there, I couldn't control it. TEars started pouring out of my eyes, more so than ever... I was so embarrassed. I saw people looking at me &amp; I figured that maybe they had seen the incident and were going to bully me as well. After I started crying, I RAN to the bathroom. I couldn't stop crying, I knew I was going to be late for class because I couldnt keep myself together. 

I got to class and my teacher asked why I was late. I told her I had gotten sick but she didnt accept the lie. She asked for a sick note from the nurses office but I didnt have one... So she ended up confronting me infront of the class. It was nothing major, but after what had just happened, It felt like the weight of the world. I took what she had to say &amp; I sat there. ""Why is the world against me, what did I do to deserve this torment?"" I thought to myself. I wasn't bawling anymore, but I still felt like I was about to cry my eyes out if I thought about PE class anymore that day. I did everything I could to not thing about it... And it worked. I didn't cry anymore at school that day but I was on the verge of tears for the remainder of the day. 

What happened that day has changed me as a person. It truly was the straw that broke the camels back. I had dealt with a lot of bullying in middle school, and things were just starting to get better. I didn't have any friends, but I was finding ways to isolate myself so that I didn't have to deal with the abuse. I truly thought things were going to get better before that incident in PE. But since that day, I have never been the same. 

I am now 20 years old. I am not a fat kid anymore. Actually, I consider my looks to be good. I work out constantly &amp; I am pretty well built. I appear good on the outside, but inside I am still standing on that softball field not knowing how to act. This incident has given me post traumatic stress disorder. I now have severe social anxiety &amp; my interactions with most people are awkward because of it. I guess you can say I'm socially disturbed. 

I can't let go of what happened that day. I still think about it every day &amp; to be honest, it can still bring me to tears if I really start thinking about it again. As a matter of fact, I am on the verge of tears right now because I had to remember everything in detail to write about it here. 

I'm not sure if all my pain comes from this particular incident or not, but I do know that I have a lot of it. I have become a master of building walls in my life that keep everyone out. I can't control it really, everytime I start to get close to someone, I do something stupid. I do this without thinking because I am scared that they are going to end up hurting me somehow seeing as most people in my past have done so. So I push them away... My walls may keep people out, but they keep me enslaved &amp; imprisoned. I can truly say that no matter how many people are around me; I am still 100% alone.

And so the reason I am writing this article is to express how I feel today &amp; what these things have done to me as a person. I have never had a girlfriend but I have had sex a few times. If I was still a virgin, I'd probably feel worse than I already do. Do you know what it feels like to be 20 years old and know in your heart that you have never been involved romantically? It makes the entire future look gloom, especially when everytime you go out in public, all you see is people holding hands and kissing on the streets and in the shopping centers. 

To this day, I cannot look at this. If I see people doing this stuff, I can't look. I don't look away necessarily, I just make sure not to put my eyes on them because of the emotion it stirs in me. When I see love, I begin to feel a thirst so deep. It's like running a mile in the hot desert and not having any water to drink... It's like this on an emotional level. 

The reason nobody wants to deal with me these days is because I appear numb. People think I am emotionless and that I am incapable of feeling anything... And to a certain extent, they are right. I don't get happy too often anymore &amp; I can't help the fact that I appear numb to the world. I wish somebody out there would try to see me through and spend more than 1 minute judging me before deciding that I am not worth their energy. Truly, if somebody could get past my walls, that person might help me save me from myself. As of now, I am on a self destructive path and I can tell you this: It doesn't end anywhere good. 

I am starting to REALLY get scared now, and that is what brought me to you guys tonight. For the first time in my life, I am truly terrified of the future.. I feel a strong sense of impending doom and I have pretty much convinced myself that I will never be in a relationship for as long as I live. I will never have true friends either. I don't even think I deserve them... Maybe thats why I pushed that girls arm off of me that day. I didnt feel I deserved her sympathy. I am scared of being a lone forever &amp; I am not going to stick around and be miserable forever. I NEED HELP.
"
"There is no way I can escape. For those who actually bothered to read my other post (before I deleted it out of anger), you know I was in a vicious cycle of helplessness, misery, and despair. I hate myself, I hate my life, I hate virtually all people. It would be easier to destroy myself, than to attempt to destroy everyone else. I feel like a crisis is imminent. I can't get out. I can't escape. I have to die. I want help. I'm not going to get any help though, I'm in a situation that completely restricts me from getting professional help. It might not be today, or even tomorrow, but I have made up my mind: As soon I have the ways, I shall proceed to end my existence.

EDIT: I can't believe the sheer amount of support I have received. When I wasn't expecting anything at all, you all completely surprised me. Seriously, thank you all. "
"These are by therapists trained in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy, probably the best method for dealing with any psychological problem available.

If you have more specific problems pick a module here

http://www.cci.health.wa.gov.au/resources/consumers.cfm

These are enormously useful programs for people dealing with severe depression and suicidal thoughts.

Spend a few days to a week doing each module. Just try it. You have nothing to lose."
"TL;DR - My sister has been depressed for 10+ years, is homeless with one child and now contemplating suicide.  Third party helper here with no money.

13+ years ago my sister was sexually assaulted; I know of no details of the crime other than my dad received a phone call from the police.  My sister was doing her out-of-college cross country exploration, so we had no contact with her.

10 years ago she started to think people were following her, that my uncle had sex with my mom and we were really his kids, we are related to the Queen of England because our grandmother looks like her, the government artificially inseminated her and then stole the baby.  These are just a few examples of outlandish claims, but that I think were her coping mechanism for ""what is wrong with me"" feelings.

6 years ago I found out that she was living in a barn, and I suggested she move back in with our father.  She came back, and became an alcoholic via credit cards (since she now had an address).  She eventually kicked the alcohol but continued to have weird thoughts.  She remove any air freshener from the house, dumped the ice from the ice maker because she thought they were making her crazy.

4 years ago, she had a child.  Still no job for the past 6 years.  Things were getting tense between her and my dad because he wanted her to get a job.  Granted, my dad harped on her all the time to get a job...but technically, everyone should have one.  Then near the holidays, she kicked my dad and he pressed charges.  She went to court ordered anger management classes and my dad let her stay longer.

1 year ago, my dad could not take it anymore.  His health is waning and the stress was only making it worse.  The siblings helped her move out, and paid for a storage unit for some of her stuff because she did not know where she was going.  She ended up at my mothers house.

9 months ago, my mother kicked her out because she feared for her safety.  My mother found a huge buck knife on her dresser.  Sister also pushed my mother to the ground after my mother disciplined her child after he was banging on a glass door.  She asked if she could move in with us, but I cannot afford one penny...I'm just reviving myself after almost getting foreclosed on, on top of past due credit card bills.  She went to live in a shelter for 3 or 4 months, but they kicked her out because she had not found a job yet (or so she says).  I agreed to let her stay at my house Saturday nights so she and her son could get one hot meal and shower per week at a minimum.  That didn't last long before she started getting semi-violent with us too.

2 weeks ago she told me that she should just kill herself and today she told my sister the same thing.

Are there any free services that could get her a mental health evaluation to prevent suicide?  She doesn't have insurance and I don't have any money.  My parents want to help, but not to be ""enablers"" so they might be able to contribute money if the check was made out to the doctor.  The other hard part, is convincing her to get mental help, she thinks the doctors are all out to get her or feed her government sponsored mind altering drugs."
"http://www.zeldainformer.com/2008/05/the-message-of-majoras-mask.html


I saw the story on the front page today about the Majora's Mask interpretation and found a link to an interpretation that I thought could help you because my best friend, right before I tried to commit suicide, had called to see why I hadn't called or been online in a month (minutes and not seconds before it, it was miraculous but it wasn't movie miraculous).  He had found this link and told me to get on AIM so he could send it.  I was hysterical but he managed to calm me down enough for me to do it.  He knew I was a huge Majora's Mask fan (my favorite game ever even before this) and seemed to know that only the memories of something that made me happy could help me (at the time I honestly believed that I could solve all my family's and my friends' problems by dieing which IS NEVER THE CASE!)  I can honestly say no story has every effected me so deeply before.  It is a long shot but if it helps anyone like it helped me, it is worth being called troll or liar or whatever.

The idea came to post it here after seeing the thread about mom wanting to see his sons posts after his death.   http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/d5c84/reddit_we_lost_one_of_our_own_last_friday/

I found out about this place in that thread and put two and two together. The next day, I immediately printed it out and kept it nearby and safe just in case it happens again. I know it seems strange but when you are in that mode of thinking, it seems the only thing that could stop you is a miracle.  This was my miracle and hope that it might be yours.  Pictures of my printed version.

http://imgur.com/b9z4z.jpg
http://imgur.com/bofVM.jpg
"
"I don't even know where to start. I was diagnosed with depression while I was in eighth grade. That was the first time I tried to kill myself. Ever since being diagnosed I've seen probably five therapists, only one of which has ever helped, and been prescribed three different medicines. The final/current one works.. kind of.
When I was younger I was never able to really find a solid group of friends so I was known by most but befriended by few. I still grapple with being able to make friends. I'm 20 and going to college and I will admit that my grades are not as good as they could be but I guess I've never been able to concentrate on much. I've always been more introverted than most of the people I know which makes it hard for me to communicate. A lot of the time when I say something I get looks of confusion that seem to shout ""Why would you say that?"" I know that I'm intelligent, or at least somewhat, (I took an IQ test with a Psych Dr. and scored well above average.) I really cannot talk to anyone that I don't know and it's paralyzing. I've made two really amazing friends that I've opened up to and they want to help me but I feel like nothing can. When we go to parties it's awkward for me and I end up literally sitting in a corner playing games on my phone. I feel like my social anxiety is adding greatly to the depression and I hate it. I've tried medicine and all of the things that my therapists have suggested and have made no progress.
My junior year of high school I tried pot and thought that it wasn't half bad. I didn't smoke any more often than on the weekends because I didn't want to get caught or fall behind in my school work. As of last year, my sophomore year of college, I would probably consider myself a ""pot head"" but not in the classic sense. I do enjoy smoking socially and I feel like I connect with more people like that than anyone else. I told my parents this past Sunday that I smoke and that I really haven't been saving money this summer. I haven't spent nearly as much on weed as I used to. They flipped. My dad is a recovering alcoholic of 20+ years which leaves me in awe of how someone could do something so awesome as beat such an addiction. The only problem is they think that I'm an addict now. I tried to explain to them that I don't smoke to get away from pain or to make things bearable but more because when I smoke I'm more comfortable with myself and so more at ease with the world. My friends have told me that I'm much more optimistic when I smoke and I agree with them. (Please don't be confused and think that I'm high all the time because I'm not. When I say high I mean days that I smoke, kind of like taking medicine, but I won't get in to that.) The end of the discussion was them telling me that they're behind me 100% but that if I keep ""using"" they will not help me financially. I respect this and have thus stopped smoking. It isn't hard and I get by easily but I don't feel nearly as outgoing or as upbeat. But I'm getting off track.
I've tried to kill myself probably 3 times and none of them really worked because I guess I never really, Really felt that it was the end all. For the past 2 months of this summer break I've felt like it would be the proper way to go out. Every night while I'm driving home all I can think about is how I have few friends, how no girl has ever shown a stitch of interest in me and probably most prevalent, how I try to be a good person. I've made mistakes like everyone but I try to do well and the only problem is every time I do something that is truly a good thing something awful happens to me. Karma is a bitch when it's in a Bizzaro world huh? The only thing that makes me happy is when I make someone else happy and therefore pretty much ensuring something awful is going to happen shortly.
For the past few days I've finally started to think about suicide seriously. I don't want to cause my family any pain but obviously that's unavoidable. The last thing that I would like to do is apologize to everyone that I've come in contact with because I feel like I'm a burden to everyone that has.
Basically what it boils down to is my social anxiety is crippling, I can't stop from beating myself up over nothing and taking almost every conversation the wrong way apparently. I don't really feel like it's worth anyone else putting up with me and it's so bad that I don't want to go back to school and live with my best friends because I feel like I'd just be a burden and that is the last thing I would ever want. I don't really care about much anymore and I have very little drive. I guess all I can say is that I'm so apathetic to everything at this point that I might as well be a robot.
I'm sorry this was so long and if anyone reads it I guess all I can say is thank you for taking the time read and respond if you do.
Also, I forgot to mention that I have a tendency to drone on and on.. If you couldn't tell."
"If you ever need someone to talk to feel free to AIM me at AnonHere2Listen. I'm almost always online. Don't be ashamed, I am here to help :)
"
"My girlfriend left me for one of my friends because after 10 months she got ""bored"" and we got serious too fast.  She told me she was ready to be proposed to anytime and I was saving up money for a ring.

I have a mentally unstable mother that I get emails from four times a year and a father that hasn't spoken to me in five years.  I have had a troubled childhood and young adulthood, stemming from severe emotional abuse by both parents during their divorce.

I was a giant mess of a person in undergrad and could barely function.  I got help.  I was stable, finally.

I have some great friends from undergrad, but have made very few in grad school.

I put a lot into my relationship and now that it has ended, I feel like I have no one.  She knew everything about me and my past.  She still cares for me and wants to be there to support me when I see my father next month.  But right now, I feel like I have no one.

What can I do?  I've rarely had any self-destructive thoughts in the past three years, but I feel them creeping back up.

**edit:  thank you all, I have class in the morning and will be going to bed now.  thanks again, I believe I will get over this and this has helped a lot**"
[removed]
"There is only one of you. That person that you are looking at is yourself, you will only ever exist one time in the entire life span of the entire universe. You are more unique than you know. Your face is the composition of gifts from the millions of stars that died just so you could live. Once you die you cannot be brought back, and life is to precious of a gift to just let go. When times are hard just think of this. I don't know you, I have never even seen a picture of you, I don't know how you act or how you feel. I also don't know who you care for or who cares for you, but know this. I love you. I love you because you are made up of exactly what I am. Not for the religion you choose, or the clothes you wear. Or even the color of your eyes, or how beautiful you may be. Your molecular matter is nearly identical to mine, yet so different. We are all brothers and sisters, and nothing is more important than family. So please when you feel like you are cornered in with your claws out and at your wits end...Just remember there is someone out there that will miss you very very much."
"in short: i am a regular user, but this is a throwaway for obv reasons.


im really depressed. i have been this long way for a long time, but its been worse than ever lately. i seen a psychologist or psychiatrist since in 8th or 9th grade. right now i'm taking ambien to sleep, and lamictal for bipolar disorder. im almost twenty three. i should have graduated this passed spring, but i didnt. i feel like im wasting my parents money. im supposed to graduate this winter, and the only motivating factor is because i spent so much money on this and i dont want another thing for my mom to use against me in my life. i dont have a great relationship with her. i love her, but i dont like her. i like my dad, but im uncomfortable around him usually. i used to be friends with my sibling, but im drawing away from them too.


i spend a lot of time regretting the things i do, because every day i do something regrettable. i consider taking all of my ambien at once and finally sleeping, and not worrying, or crying anymore. i spend a lot of time feeling worthless, and not wanting to exist anymore to make things easier on people. i feel like only my dad and sibling would be crushed. others would be sad because that shit is sad, but i dont see it making much of difference in anyones life besides giving them one less person to worry about. the people around me know how i'm feeling, but i feel like they just try to guide me along, and will until they cant take it anymore themselves.


i wouldnt say im an insecure person. i think im attractive physically, and im funny, and i can hold a conversation. i dont like a lot of aspects of my personality. i spend a lot of time trying to make others happy, when i know i should be focusing on me. i dont feel like i have any real friends, just people i have known for a while so they put up with me. they probably dont want to see what im capable of. i was cleaning my room today and i couldnt help but think about which items i would give to who. i cant say no to people, especially males, and im promiscuous because i want someone to hold me and i want to feel desired. i have been taken advantage of physically by several people in my life, one even an older cousin. last spring (2009) i had an abortion. a week later my then boyfriend broke up with me. he took me back a day later, and then dumped me a week before school started again. i have spent a year single, for the first time since 8th grade. this feeling of rejection has contributed to my behavior. this winter i was sexually assaulted by a friend, and told nobody. i didnt want to start something when i didnt even have a clear picture of it in my mind, and i didnt want the drama that would follow.


i tried to be accepted and wanted by anybody i could find, and they all knew i was too fucked up to commit to, but willing to do whatever else. i want to tell someone to give me a chance. to pick me, and they could see how good for them i could be. to see that i would love them and only them, and give them all that i have. i want someone to kill and cuddle and do absolutely nothing with.


im generally really paranoid that i am a big joke to the world. and then i remind myself that i would have to matter to be a joke in the first place. i have no strong career ambitions, besides being a stunt car driver, or a model or something else ridiculously unrealistic.


i think about dying, and how it must feel, and what it would be like to see my family, and still be able to see the world bellow. i would miss this place, but it seems all too much to take. i feel incapable of achieving anything worth being proud of. i fear ever being someones parent, nobody wants me as their friend, let alone guardian. im really fucked up, really lonely, really desperate. i cant seem to save money. i have strongly considering (getting back into) the dancing / go-go industry to make ends meet. i have considered escort services as well. i feel i am capable of continuing to dance because it is usually fun (or at least entertaining) and i enjoy talking to strangers. i can lie to them, and i have to be me. i dont really want to do the escort thing, but i need money and i've gotten so good at separating my emotions from sexual activity.


i dont want to feel this way, but ive felt like it so long, i dont know any other way to feel. i know i am not alone in this negative feelings and thoughts, and that perhaps my sadness is selfish because compared to others i have nothing to be sad about. but in my life, and in being me for such a long time, this is what i know, which is why this point is the worst for me.


i will say that... i think i'm a good friend, and a good person, despite how i can act sometimes. i would love to travel the world, and have new experience. achieve SOMETHING. i just feel like its all too far out of reach.


i'm rambling. i dont know what else to say."
"I don't really care to give much backstory but as of tonight I feel I have lost everything. I feel lost and unable to find anything any more. Nothing is real and no one will ever give a shit. I don't want to end it but I see no reason left not to. There is just nothingness and a huge void in my life that will never be filled. Hell my thoughts don't even make sense to me right now. Death just seems so... Peaceful. 


Edit: added in details on a post. Can't link it is phone"
"ok , so i'm down , aids positive, not hiv and i'm not so happy about it .

it was a few months ago i even found about this subreddit , yea this is a throwaway , but , thank you , really , thank you .
short version is i was really down , and just found and started reading one night , about 3/4 lit and  3/4 serious .
It's really great so may people care and try , for no benefit .

keep trying. please . "
[removed]
"Created this account due to [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/d5fqj/if_you_really_want_to_save_redditors_lives_why/) post.

I would like to help in any way I can. Just wanted to let you know if anybody ever needs someone to talk to, PM me. It can be absolutely anything. 

I have only discovered /SW in the last few days and will now be contributing to this awesome community in any way I can. 

I will of course not just be relying on people to come to me with PM's. I'm just stating that for anybody that happens to read this offhand at the moment.. 

So, lets just talk."
[removed]
"No matter what I try I can't get rid of my suicidal thoughts.  I'm 26, have a great family, and I'm finishing up my degree.  Sure I have a crummy job and about 20k in debt but compared to some people I know I'm doing alright.  Why then is it that *every* night I am contemplating ending it all as I lie in bed.  I tell myself that I'm just being stupid but they wont go away."
"am not an expert or so...i m just a 24r old guy, who hast been trough bad depressions and i want to, maybe, help u, if u wanna talk, i u want somebody to hear u, just drop me a line, maybe we can talk over skype or msn, i dunno,
i speak spanisch and german (a little bit englisch, sorry for the gramma)"
"It's not like every single one of us can be successful. In any natural system there is a continuum that ranges from the strongest to the very weakest of organisms. The latter may just not be up to the task of continued existence for any number of reasons.

For my part, I'm a completely failed artist. An idiot that has simply chosen the wrong ""career"". I've got no talent or insight. 

Until I went to Art School I am fairly certain I'd never regretted anything. Not really. Now I regret the entire last decade of my life.

I wish I had just chosen to be (more) normal. I'm not good enough or strong enough to compete. Maybe I wouldn't have even been better at something else. Most likely I'd just fail at anything I tried.

Regardless, it seems awfully naive to think that we all have a place in society. Surely some of us are worthless. I am a member of that unfortunate group.

I don't want to give any more background, and I certainly won't share the laughable crap paintings that caused this whole mess. This isn't even about me.

Thanks for listening."
"I'm not 100% sure why I feel compelled to post something, just the idea of talking through what has been going through my head lately is compelling though. I've been really on edge lately, and in a definite downswing with my bipolar. Gotten to the point where I almost have a compulsion to do something really dumb (like step out in front of a car). 

Not sure exactly why I'm feeling this way, but it has happened numerous times before in my life. I'm in my early 20's, and have been getting bouts of heavy depression, self injury and suicidal thoughts for around 8 years now. Until recently, this went entirely unchecked and was not medicated. 

Now I am on an anti-depressant to help with the downswings in my bipolar, and that seemed to help. Now I'm starting to get that creeping feeling back, so I know I'm in for a rough ride in the near future. It doesn't help that I'm going to be starting up classes for university here shortly for some added stress and I've been having a rough time with my girlfriend of three years (referenced here [girlfriend moving out](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/d1y56/need_advice_my_girlfriend_of_three_years_went/)). Since I made that post, she and I have talked, and she hasn't broken up with me. Unfortunately, I keep getting the feeling from her that she is just going to dump me the second she moves out and won't be in as close proximity to the mess, plus she gets all the benefits of a boyfriend till than. This worries me double because I know I'm good at reading people, and I've been watching her very closely since she dropped the move out bomb on me. 

So I'm just in a bad place, with a lot of potential for things to get worse. I know I've been making progress in some areas of my life, but times like these seem to wear me down and take my eye off the ball at best. At worst... well that is why this subreddit exists. 

Thanks for listening, I'm not even sure what I want. If you have advice, I'll be happy to read it, and hopefully it can help. Mainly I think I just needed to put this down into text form so I could put more thought on it.

Last, I often write poems/wraps in my head while driving when I'm feeling really high/low. For once I decided to try and put one down into text format, and this is what it ended up as (note, these are exaggerated. I haven't been heavily abusing sleeping pills or alcohol. I just liked the way it flowed, and idea of heavily using those drugs does have an appeal so I put it in. The sleeping problems are real, have always had a very difficult time sleeping)

I stare down at this bottle

of knock out pills

cause the vodka I killed

can't seem to keep me still

and I toss and turn
 
in the heat of the night

as I contemplate an alternative

at the tip of a knife


I've got these wild thoughts

running around my brain

and the sweetness of life

mixes harsh with pain

so I stare at the ceiling

my thoughts unnaturally deep

and all I could wish for

is to finally get some sleep"
"I've posted here a couple times. Once wanting to kill myself, about a year ago, and another time saying how awesome life was, about six months ago. Well, shit didn't stay good. The awesomeness lasted about a month, and I was back to not giving a shit about life.

I really don't care anymore. I'm not happy in the relationship that I'm in (yeah, I can end it, but that'll just make me more depressed). My laptop just got stolen a little while ago, and that was my baby. I loved that laptop. Yeah, I could get another one (if I had money at all), but that one was mine. It has a lot of personal info on it.

I only talk to a couple of friends now, and only when we're drunk. My brother hates that I live with him, and tries to kick me out about twice a week. In those cases, I go to my girlfriend's place, where I'm miserable. Her roommate is a fucking douche, I don't get any sleep, and I'm just not happy with her.

I want to die. I don't know if I can do it, but I do know I want to. My life is pointless right now; I'm unemployed (for 2.5 years), and I'm useless to everyone. People wouldn't give a shit if I died after about a month. Most less than that.

At the same time, I feel like I'm just crying for attention. And I might be. I haven't killed myself yet. But I think about it many times a day. After I wake up at 4 in the afternoon, and go to sleep whenever (causing my sleep schedule to be fucked up).

I don't think you can help me. You'll give me encouraging words, but you don't know me, and therefore don't know about me at all. But again, don't worry. I'll be alive tomorrow, and for a bit after that, for sure. I have my way planned out, but I haven't done it yet.

EDIT: It's 5:15AM now, so I suppose I should get to sleep. Thanks in advance for any help."
"I've been depressed since I was 8 years old, now I'm 16 and nothing has really changed. The only reason I can think of why I've been alive so long is that I don't want to hurt my parents. They are a lot older than the parents of other loss my age though since my dad is almost 60 and my mom is almost 50. I don't think I'll have them around for much longer and I fear that I won't really have a reason when they are gone."
" I go so many months, and then, well, I want to neck myself. I get something that hurts me and I can't fucking solve it, I can't. All I want is a hug, I send people messages, I want a hug. They laugh, I wake up and feel like shit, feel like shit, feel like shit. Tonight is obviously one of those nights. I guess what I'm asking is, what's your trigger, how do you get through it, help me get through mine."
"I'm from the bipolar subreddit and just reading through the posting in r/SuiciceWatch after the recent death. I don't care if you're bipolar, depressed, sad your fish died, just got laid off...whatever. If you're having suicidal thoughts...I will meet you at any time of day/night/evening on a park bench and talk you into a cupcake with some chocolate milk. You're lactose-intolerant? Who gives a shit. If you think a stomach ache hurts, imagine how bad death is going to suck. :-)

Feeling shitty? Send me an email or an aim message.

byebyepolar@gmail.com
AIM: byep0larbear (use zero and not O)"
"So I wanted to see if anyone I know really noticed. I deleted my facebook and all my internet accounts. (blogs, writings, etc). No one noticed. I even left my phone number and email on facebook for two days saying I was going to delete myself. Not one email or phone call. I don't just add people I don't know on the internet. This was mostly family and people I have known my whole life. 

I guess I got the answer I was looking for.

I truly do not matter.

Edit:

Thanks ... I don't know what to say. I am terrible at words. Hope I didn't bring anyone down. I probably won't update this from home, as I really don't even want to look at a computer once I am there ... maybe tomorrow."
PM me if you're ever so down you can't get up. there's always eggs in the fridge and we grow a lot of our own food. 
"I know this may seem odd or cliche but, I love you.  Don't forget that.  You are beautiful.  You are talented.  You are wanted, needed.  You are unique.  I love you just the way you are.  I love the person you can be, and the person you were too.

I've been there.  Late 2008 I tried to kill myself.  After several hospitalizations and therapy I was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and I'm now well into recovery.  I still get depressed, but I haven't been suicidal for over 7 months now.  

That time changed my life.  It is of my opinion that live changing experiences are meant to be shared.  That's one of the reasons I got 'Love' tattooed onto my arm.  People ask about it and I always answer the truth, that I got it to show my support for TWLOHA and often I tell my story.

But enough about me.  If anyone in the Greater Boston area ever needs to talk about anything, anytime, just let me know via PM.  Have car, will drive.  Or let me know and I can call you.

Hugs!

Becka"
"No, I'm not suicidal, so you can downvote or whatever to keep the attention of more important posts. I just want some insight from some of you without getting flamed for it.

But I don't get how something like this subreddit or a hotline is going to help anyone who **actually wants to kill themselves.** It seems like most of the posts here are just people seeking attention, or making genuine cries for help but lack the will power to actually kill themselves anyway.

It's like people come here just to hear someone tell them that everything is going to be alright, rather than actually talking them out of suicide.

So in that sense, it's less like r/suicidewatch and more like r/depressionhelp with all the *passive* suicidal thoughts and the lack of will to actually do it.

Thoughts?

*(btw, it's not like I can't relate at all. In fact, I'm currently passing the time for a couple hours before I have an appointment with my doctor so I can tell her how this cocktail of anti-depressants she has me on still aren't doing a goddamn thing. I've been diagnosed with major clinical depression for 3+ years already, I'm just not suicidal even though it seems like I should've offed myself awhile ago.)*"
"I am wasted youth. In 7th grade I scored high enough on the english and reading related portions of the state assessment test that I got to go take the SATs to try to score a scholarship to Duke. I kicked ass on the SATs, but didn't have any interest in school. In fourth grade someone had told me about GEDs and I had made it my plan to sleep through school until I was old enough to drop out and get my GED. I had planned to work my way through the ranks of the fast food world and become a store or distict manager.

This was ruined for me at the age of 20 thanks to some minor marijuana charges that still keep me from getting many jobs to this day. I still persisted and worked as hard as I possibly could, making it as high in the ranks as I could without having to deal with a background check. This lasted for about 8 years until I had gone so many years without a raise that I couldn't take it anymore and tried to hang myself. I survived, but got myself fired not long after.

Using my new found freedom I left nearly everything I own behind to start a new life in a new state, hoping to get into a different career. I've been building PCs since the age of 9, so I thought maybe I could find a job at a computer repair shop or something else that I might actually enjoy. Years of fast food have insured that I never want to have to deal with customers ever again.

8 months since getting fired I still don't have a job. I decided at the last minute to try going back to school, but I only have about a week left to pay for my classes or I get dropped and I've yet to hear back from the financial aid office, so I expect to be dropped for non-payment next week. Loans are not an option because I have no credit and no one with good credit to co-sign for me. I have no money in the bank and exactly one burrito to feed myself for the next 6 days.

Financially, I've never been much better off than this and at 26 years old I don't think I can take it anymore. I'm tired of starving and not being able to get a decent job. I can't live off of $170 a week anymore. It barely leaves me any money for food. Nothing I try to do to improve my life works and I honestly think that with all the competition among unskilled workers in the market that my death would actually be a good thing as it would free up some resources.

I have lots of friends and a few close family members. I even have some internet fame. I know that I would be missed, but those people would eventually get over my death. I don't see any other way out at this point as no one I know has any help left to give. They are barely surviving as well. Are there any others options that I haven't thought of? It seems I've tried everything and I'm just tired of fighting.

Edit: It's now been a day since I originally wrote this. My entire day has been spent writhing in pain and screaming into my pillow. I'm done. There is absolutely no reason to go on living like this. People say it will always get better, but I've been dealing with this my entire life with no end in sight. As soon as I can find a time that won't financially kill my roommates I'm going to end this."
"I know I've suffered from either depression or anxiety or some combination for the last few years. After my first year in law school, things just got profoundly worse. I hate where I go to school because I just don't get along with my classmates. All of my friends live me than 1,000 miles from me, and I just have **no one** here. I've tried so hard to be outgoing, polite, friendly, and fun to be around, but law students are some of the most vapid and one-dimensional people you will ever meet in your life--especially the ones at a state university.

Anyway, the most recent turn of events have just sent me over the edge. For the last week, I've been a veritable zombie...I had to put alcohol in my coffee just to be able to feel something in the morning at class. I come home everyday and cry.

I tried transferring over the summer, but my grades just weren't good enough. I was rejected from every school to which I applied for transfer. While that in itself stings, the real baseball bat to the face just happened: it turns out my school made a mistake with my grades. The reason I couldn't transfer wasn't because of my own lack of academic fortitude, it was my professors' inability to do their fucking jobs. That said, it's too late to appeal the decisions, since classes are beginning everywhere on Monday. So, I'm stuck here and I'm absolutely fucking miserable.

I have no idea what to do...I'm just so depressed right now, and I have no one to talk to at all."
"I don't even know how I will be able to type all of this out without it seeming non-linear or a bunch of jumbled whiny crap.

I've got a big problem with anxiety and depression. I grew up in an abusive and broken home, with an inconsistent or nonexistent sense of love, understanding, or stability. I buried myself in reading and school. My grades gave me the validation I needed that I was worth a damn. That was also one of the only times growing up where I would get a ""good job"" from my mother. Later on, when I achieved something difficult, all I would get was ""Yeah, well, no surprise."" I had an offer to take a test to skip two grades. My mother and father wouldn't pay the fifty dollars for the test as a result of gambling and no food. I felt that I was a burden and a pain in the ass for even thinking they'd consider it. 

But still, grades were my only validation. My other siblings suffered through school. I don't doubt they've dealt with their share of pain, but they show it. I don't. I feel humiliated. Therefore, I don't ask for help. I shut myself in. I went through many years with maybe three friends max. I came home and was beaten and screamed out. I was yelled at for my bronchitis keeping my mother up. I hold this chronic amount of guilt.

I've become unable to deal with pressure. I buckle. I try to be my own parent. To act responsibly and go above and beyond. And then I fail because I don't know how. I've become a big pussy. I have a knee jerk reaction, when I fall short or fuck up royally (and I have) I retreat, do not talk to anyone. Not even bother to explain myself. I run away. This makes people think I'm a bad person. Maybe I am. I'm sorry to that employer I dicked over when I promptly left the country without warning after a breakdown when I didn't eat, sleep, or shower for over a month. I regret what I did to you every single day I'm sorry for letting my highschool class down after that inward implosion and not even explaining myself because I'm terrified of confrontation and a possible fist to the face. I just wanted to go home and read books and forget my loneliness. I'm sorry for hooking up with that person in a moment of weakness and loneliness, without thinking about that person I love so much thousands of miles away.

And boy, am I lonely. I hear about people in these big lovely social groups. I don't have that. I drink beer and watch tv and try to smile the next day so no one thinks it's wrong. And then it all catches up to me and I have another breakdown.

Medication? I thought it would help. My mother says I should suck it up and pull myself up by my bootstraps. Only weak people take anti-depression and anti-anxiety meds. If I blow up and yell my frustration, I am told I'm just like my douchebag dad. Even after I move away, I still hear about how my mother's life sucks, and how life has always been terrible for her, but then she chuckles and tells me to get over whatever is troubling me. 

My sadness, the thing that troubles me, makes me hyperventilate. It makes me unreliable and irresponsible. It makes me an insomniac. It makes me burn bridges and disconnect with everyone. And it makes me feel like a dramatic weakling, just like what she says. Why? Because I am a shit person. Not a day goes by where I regret what I did wrong. Because I hurt people it is my own penance not to be happy. Because I deserve it. All those ceiling fans and closets of the places I lived in? I pictured myself hanging from every one of them.

My boyfriend doesn't know any of this. If I told him, I think he'd leave me. But he is my best friend and family, so he knows nothing. "
"I feel ridiculous typing this cause I feel like I shouldn't be in the subreddit but anyways I know someone here will listen...

I know Im not depressed or suicidal, but today just sucked. I had alot of trouble last year with classes. I've been in a good mood all week and even earlier today but all of a sudden when doing my homework I got really angry. I was having trouble and then found out I had way more to do than I thought. I just got pissed and slowly it turned to helplessness and then i was just really fucking sad. I want to just leave school and forget everything. My roommate(who is my good friend) was in the room or else I probably would have just started crying right there. I just got in bed put in my headphones and told myself to take a break. I don't know how im stressed so much and its the 4th fucking day. Ive had random thoughts about suicide before and did some today but i know id never do it. So i just laid there for awhile and eventually got into a better mood. Im thinking about going to a free psych clinic that my school has

It reminded me of a day last year (my birthday) and one 2 years ago that happened to be xmas. Those days were bad too. I just remember being super sad for no reason and feeling helpless like I didnt know what to do to make it better. I think I have Seasonal affective disorder(or whatever its called) even though its summer right now.  

I dont feel like I can talk about this with my family or friends about this.
I just dont know what to do

EDIT: I wish i could type what I was thinking when i was lying down...

EDIT:  I smoke a lot of weed. I dont think this is the cause but just fyi 

fuck it thats enough typing right now. sorry for the wall of words
  my other friend just asked me what I was typing...

**tldr** today i freakedout and got terribly sad, its happened before"
"I hate this. I hate my life and I hate myself. The only thing I really care about any more are the people around me (my ""friends"") who mostly just ignore me. I feel useless. I'm a giant inconvenience to everyone. I should probably just die and put everyone out of the misery of having to know me.

Moreover, though, I feel like my subconscious is out to get me. I haven't dreamed in years -- I only have nightmares. I daydream about downing bottles of pills and jumping off of buildings. Whenever I have nothing to think about and no one to talk with, -- when I'm alone with my thoughts -- I sink into a deep depression and just feel like ending it all.

I don't know what to do. I was on depression meds a few months ago, but they ended up fucking me up more (i.e. I lost the ability to orgasm -- one of the only pleasures I've gotten from life in years -- and stopped taking them. I never went back to my psychiatrist.) 

I'm just tired. I want to sleep forever. I guess I don't really know why I'm posting here, then. I really just want to go out and buy a shit load of pills (not sure what kind yet) and see what happens. 

EDIT: Now I just sound like a pitiful meatbag filled with self-loathing. That's another reason to rid the world of myself; it's just so depressing for people to have to listen to me."
"these thoughts have become a sort of coping mechanism for me, although I couldn't ever actually harm myself. any others?"
"Ehh, I'll try and keep my story short.

I'm 16-years-old, had depression for a few years, and over the past year or so it has gotten worse. My main problem is with suicidal ideation. I imagine killing myself and about how people would react. But I don't want to die. I hope I never reach a point where I am not sure about that, but lately things have been getting pretty bad. 

I despise this feeling. It's just emptiness and loneliness, not really sadness. It's random and quiet. The most terrifying experience I've ever had was when I was sitting in my computer chair. Out of nowhere I had this incredibly vivid image of my bringing a gun to the side of my head and pulling the trigger. I flipped out for a while after that. 

I finally got around to telling my mom about it (not going into details, just telling her it was worse than she thought). She gave me papers to a Christian therapy place. I signed them, though afraid they will only be pushing the bible in my face. Yet, knowing her, she probably will never turn them in.

I'm afraid to talk to anyone else. My boyfriend(-ish) knows, but I haven't talked to him about it for a few months, back when we weren't going out. When I told him all that was going on a week later he called me ""a very sad person"" so needless to say I am afraid to bring it up again. Plus I haven't been able to get in touch with him. I don't really have any close friends to talk to about it. And I don't really want others to know because most don't like being around sad people or they don't feel like really hearing them out.

I did just try calling the suicide hotline a few minutes ago. It was busy.

Edit: Sorry I had school and driver's ed and such, replying to all of your comments now. Thanks so much for all the kindness."
Cupcakes aren't my style. 
"pm me, might get a different perspective."
"I cannot remember a time in my life when I was ever really happy. Still, I witness happiness often in others, and kept going as long as I have (I'm in my 20s) on the misguided belief that happiness is a state I would  eventually achieve at some undefined point in the future when I 'figure life out' or 'get the hang of living'. I no longer believe this. I do believe my time is up. I haven't the will to keep going. If the next 20 years are anything like the previous 20 - and I have good reason to believe they will be - deciding to stay would be wilfully punishing myself. I suspect I do not matter enough to those closest to me for any of them to attempt talk me out of topping myself for reasons other than to divest themselves of any potential guilt. I am the only person who gives a shit about me, so topping myself would actually be an act of mercy."
"I've been in a relationship for a year.

Recently my boyfriend said that he didn't think it would work (we're long distance)... But, he's still my boyfriend and he wants to talk about this... he said he wants to take this slowly.

I can't do it. We have days where we talk and it's like nothing happened, we laugh for hours and I'll still say I love you and everything is just like always... 

But then every once and awhile it's like we're probably breaking up again... and I'm so confused. 

I told him that if we were going to end it (a thing that really would completely devastate me) I'd rather we just get it over with in one day. 

He said he wants to take it slow, he still wants to be able to talk to me.

I feel like I'm in a relationship, but not... and this back and forth is grating. Every time I think ""okay, we've worked this out"" he changes his mind again. 

I just don't know what to do, and I'm not okay. I love him, and I want him to be happy. 

Sometimes I just feel like if I could bring myself to do it... then I could die still being his and he'd be rid of me-- so at least we could both get what we want.

:*-( I just need to find the nerve."
"**throwaway account**

I'm 20, I attend college, and I hold a part-time job. I'm doing fairly well for myself considering I'm the first in my family to go to college and the fact that I pretty much raised myself. I live with my father, my 26 year old brother, and my 13 year old brother. For quite some time now, I am extremely unhappy with my living situation, added on top of some undiagnosed depression and anxiety. 

My 26 year old brother probably contributes mostly to my problems. He is an underachiever, a drug abuser, an alcoholic, and barely works. He does not provide for himself, nor does he pay rent (although he claims he does). He often takes my stuff without asking while I'm at school or work, especially little things that I pay for (shaving cream, deodorant, razor, etc etc). He often brings home whores at 2-5 am and blasts music and my dad says absolutely nothing. 

That's the second problem. My dad just allows this to happen. He is a doormat and I'm losing respect for him rapidly because of this. For as long as I can remember, he just lets his kids do whatever the fuck they feel like it. I'm not quite sure why he lets this happen. Our ""family"" has deteriorated over the past few years and it seems to be more like 4 roommates who hate each other. He's a good man overall. He has raised 3 boys nearly by himself and has never complained. He hasn't even had his own room in more than 10 years. Although he is more look a brick wall emotionally and doesn't feed us adequately whatsoever. I grew up on McDonalds and pizza and will probably face serious illness as I grow up due to this fact. 

For the past 5-8 months, my mental health has been rapidly deteriorating. I was on anti-anxiety pills for a few months and those helped a bit, although I went off of them because of some side effects. I just feel like I'm getting worse and it's mostly because of my living situation. I'm sick and tired of being a bitter, cold, angry person. I have been questioning the point of my existence for these months and thoughts of suicide occur daily. I'm just not quite sure how much more I can take. It's like I'm stuck in a dark forest with no light, but even if I had a light it wouldn't make a difference because there's no way out. It's 5:12 am, I have to be up to leave for work at 7:30 am. I am up because my little brother decided to have friends over for a sleep over and they have been loud all night. My older brother just came home with another whore is playing music. My dad is at work on a late shift, but it's not like he would have done much anyway.


I'm utterly lost at what to do. I don't think moving out is quite an option since I go to school full-time and work 2 shifts a week during the school year. I could not afford it. I do take out student loans, but after seeing the process, it might be too slow for me to live on my own and be able to pay. I seriously need some advice. I just wish my dad would not stand for my older brother leeching off him and kick his ass out. I think a lot of tension and stress would leave the house with him. I'm not quite sure how long I can go on like this. Please help me. I've posted twice before here.
"
"I'm 23. I got a law degree at a reasonable university. After getting that degree I realised that for the previous 8 or 9 years (since I was 14) I had been a slave to my own viciously circular thoughts. I had always known it but generally tried to push it to the side. Pretty much everyday I would find myself evaluating the human situation and the value of certain decisions. It always left me thinking that everything is subjective and comes down to a personal account of what is ""good"" and ""fulfilling"". I had been in and out of depression because of these thoughts. They had controlled me. So I decided to channel them, and actually study the mechanisms that allow me to have these thought. I read Darwin, I started studying neuroscience, cognitive psychology, I really wanted to understand *why* I had all of these thoughts, what part of human nature allowed for them, and what made me so damn depressed about them. But it was inevitably this study that led me right back into depression. I found that I couldn't put a value on **anything** anymore. Everything seemed so ridiculously perplexing, like the answers aren't supposed to be known. All of my thoughts were circular. I'd seek fulfilment in one area and then realise that inevitably it wouldn't lead to any significant outcome (mainly because I find it very hard to define ""good""). I guess studying philosophy aswell wasn't a great help.

I don't really know what I'm getting at here, I just typed a whole lot of words. I feel like I need to say this to someone, but kind of feel like the communication is redundant in a way. I wouldn't say I'm *suicidal* (although I have thought about it- but who hasn't?) but I'm just in a stationary state right now and don't know where to go. I have my law degree but have a hard time envisaging myself finding any real sense of self-worth down that career path, let alone *any* career path at all. It just seems so hard to find meaning in a material world..."
I've been lying to my family on how I've been doing....I've cut myself off from friends...I've dug myself a pretty big hole and I don't know if I can climb out...
"I have most things that make people happy.  I have money, I have an awesome job, I'm in an awesome college program, my family is great, I've been able to travel to the places I've always wanted to and I'm not ugly (I think...).  The problem is I don't have any friends where I am. 

I moved away from my hometown 2 years ago for college to a city where I know nobody.  Last year I was unable to really make a good connection to people due to living far off campus and becoming seriously ill for a large period of the semesters.  I now live on campus and I'm not ill anymore either, but I feel so alone.  Everyone on my floor has friends they seem to have known for ever, even the people who are from other countries.  Instead of being like them, I'm here in my room with nobody to hang out with.  I haven't had a friend in this city since I've moved in and whenever I try to make a relationship with somebody, it never seems to work.

I thought I would be happy with the rest of the things I'm blessed with, but I could careless about them at this point.  I have nobody to talk to about what I do or what I learn.  I don't have anyone to love or to love me back.  I want someone in my life here.

If anyone has any advice that would be awesome, or just talking would be fine too.  I'm hitting an all time low at this point and just need some help."
"I thought about posting this in /r/depression, because I'm really not suicidal, but I really need to talk and get some things off my chest and get some advice.  I'm afraid that if I keep going down this route I will turn suicidal.

Here's a brief list of what's up (for context, I'm a junior in college and just a few days shy of my 21st birthday, and I'm completely financially dependent on my parents):

* I'm 99% sure that I'm transgender (and yes, I regularly read /r/transgender, so I don't need to be directed there).  On a near-daily basis I'm struggling with this inherent sense of wrongness in my body that I just can't get rid of, and it's driving me mad that I can't.  It's bad enough that I know that if I never manage to do something about myself physically I will die a virgin.
* My parents are fairly conservative Christians who are turning more and more Tea Party-ish with every passing day (thank god we don't have cable, so no Fox News).  Nearly every day I'm at home I get to listen to how I'm such a good son and they're so glad they didn't get a gay kid.  Y'know, despite me being a closeted trans lesbian.
* I'm losing my faith.  I know a lot of you don't see this as a bad thing but my faith always gave me something to hold on to as a promise that things will get better eventually.  I'm seeing too many fallacies in the rhetoric I hear coming from other Christians, and I'm really starting to wonder about other things too.  For example, today I couldn't get the [Problem of Hell](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_of_Hell) out of my head.
* As part of the whole being raised conservative thing, I see so many people I know from when I was younger saying awful things about LGBT people, expecting me to smile and agree.  *And I do, at least publicly.*  I don't have the guts to stand up for myself and what I believe in, and I certainly don't have the guts to tell these people that they're talking to one when they talk to me.
* A bit more abstract, but it's still bothering me: I'm worried about the growing right wing.  I'm terrified of the fact that people seem to be getting more and more closed-minded, and nobody seems to be willing to step back and analyze their position to see if they're being logical.

Thanks for listening guys, and if you have any advice I would absolutely love to hear it.  I'm basically at the point where I just wish it would all stop, I'm just not yet at the point of wanting to be the one to stop it.

**Edit:** Thanks for all the help, I've responded to most of you.  Here's the real issue: as it stands I still have to deal with at least two more years of what I'm going through if I want to ensure that I get through college.  Even then, for the most part my parents have been great parents and I really do love them.  Their beliefs on stuff like this is the one thing that I would change about them if I could.  I'm not sure I could live with myself if I did something to damage the relationship I have with my parents, but on the other side I'm not sure I can continue to live as a guy.

(Posting in an old throwaway of mine.)"
"I've had episodes where I've planned out perfect ways to off myself.  Planned it all out, everything.  I think of suicide as my way out if shit gets bad.  I know I'll enter the void and be gone- and I'm perfectly okay with that.  I'm not even slightly afraid.  Humanity will march on, and perform great things without me.  


But, the things is...  I'm a straight A student, labeled ""gifted"" by my woefully pathetic school, I have friends, girls like me, family loves me, I'm getting job offers, and I've never had much to be upset about.


But even with all that, I look at gore, watch suicide videos, executions, murder, and I get some kind of satisfaction out of the fact that it doesn't bother me.  I have a strange attraction to it that I can't, and don't want to shake.  Nobody else knows, I hide it quite well.  I frequent websites that are filled with content people would call horrible shit (not naming any names, but you know the type).


But it doesn't affect me, I feel...  I don't know how to say it, stronger?  I'm immune to the fear of death, and I even have an attraction to it.  But I can control it, I don't have fits of anger in which I hurt people or animals.  I feel this is what makes me better than rageoholics, wifebeaters, and serial killers.  I can control myself, unlike them.

In addition to all of that, I only feel the opposite ends of the emotional spectrum, extreme happiness, or extreme sadness.  Don't make the mistake of thinking I'm manic-depressive though.  This is an event-by-event basis.  Something amazing could make me quite happy, but I know there is a flip side to the coin.  Something, somewhere out there triggers that extreme sadness.  But now these days I'm mostly just in limbo, feeling empty.  It's the only thing close to ""sad"" I get.  I'm on Wellbutrin for depression, and that is probably helping me from getting addicted to my passive-aggressive suicide of cigarettes and dip.

Tell me Reddit.  Am I sick in the head?  Am I crazy?  I ask this because, this is the first time in a long while, that I don't think I am.

I'm 15."
"I'm funny but my jokes are immature so my friends hide me in the closet and use me as a toy when they are bored. One is pretty open about the fact that he hangs around me because he hasn't found a ""real"" group of friends yet.  

I am being replaced now more rapidly because this year of college just began and my friends seem to have found a new group. One is based around 2 new guys that are charismatic enough to replace me. 

I guess the part that makes me feel the worst is how I feel like an object or a character for their amusement. I make really vulgar jokes, but I am honestly the only genuinely funny guy in the group outside of 1 or 2 jokes they might make piggy backing on mine. (BTW I know how stupid that sounds but I'm not going to type out examples. Obviously I don't just sit there doing a joke routine but I am gifted enough in the area I guess.) Well when the joke's over, they act as if the jokes are really me. THey aren't that stupid. How can you believe someone joking about bestiality/hardcore sex/whatever is being honest and not just joking? 

It just offends me I guess, makes me feel less human, when I am made to fit in their little box that contains their idea of me.

I deserve better than that, and I still do enjoy being able to walk away from the group, it's a sweet pain to say fuck you to the fairweather friends.

The problem is I've been thinking about suicide lately. Just really bored I guess. I think I am getting better, though, so I guess maybe I wouldn't mind advice about my ""friends."" "
"Each time I attend a social event I simply grow to hate people more, as a result of the constant shifting in social preferences. Within my circle of ""friends"" there's been rape, orgies, pregnancies, hard drugs and violent outbreaks within the ""group"" as a result of alcohol.  I should make it clear - that by my group of friends I mean anyone that's of the same age as me within my area - not the 3-4 friends that deserve to be called friends.

I ask if it gets better - are people less manipulative, less stupid, more responsible and logical. Does this ""insanity"" become any clearer in time ?

I've not planned suicide - but if this sample group is to serve any indication as to what people are like the world is beyond fucked.

*Btw it should be noted I don't consider myself above them - I realise I am better than some but not everyone. I just can't see how I am expected to socialise knowing what these people are.

Is this all life has to offer ?"
"First of all, I want to thank all of the people who gave me advice in my original thread. As pessimistic as my replies may be, I really was listening. I'm still alive, so you can all give yourselves a pat on the back for saving the life of someone you don't even know.

Here's how the last couple of days panned out:

I got off of the internet. I went walking around my college campus, rather than staying indoors all day -- no one really approached me or bothered to talk to me, though that was probably due to my ""driving people away"" vibe. 

I made a pact this morning when I woke up (feeling darker than ever) that if no one bothered to try and spend time with me tonight, I would off myself, just like that. It's not as if I wouldn't *try* to be with people, though. I'd go to them.

Well, tonight there was a huge, school-sponsored welcome party on campus. I went and met up with some of my ""friends"" who had been ignoring me for the past few months. After a few minutes of talking to them (and having them mostly ignore me and talk about their plans afterwards -- none of which included me), I came to a realization: These people are assholes.

Friends don't do these things. Frat boys looking to score with drunk chicks do these things.

I left a little early, feeling worse than ever (I mean, I can't even make good friends! I did seem pretty useless, then), and dialed the suicide hotline. I was put through to an older gentleman named Ernie. He was very friendly and when I told him about my recent feeling of inadequacies and my thought that maybe I've just made the wrong friends, he gave me some advice -- you can't just sit on the sidelines of life watching the interactions of other people. You have to get out there. Apparently, most people my age (19-20) are assholes and will tend to do shit like my ""friends"" did -- I just have to weed them out.

So, I went back to my apartment and thought: It's a Friday night, so obviously a lot of students are going to be stumbling home drunk at 2 a.m. If I just go outside with some cigarettes and some bubbles, I might just be non-threatening enough to approach people without them running away in ph34r of my awesomeness. 

So, as I was walking out of my apartment complex, uncertain about how successful I would be, I noticed a girl sitting outside on a porch, smoking alone. I hesitated and thought, ""Would it be creepy to just go up to her and strike up a conversation?"" (I'm a chick, by the way) and I came to the conclusion that if I were sitting alone smoking, there is nothing that I would like more than to have someone come and talk to me.

So, I did it. I went up to her and started with something like, ""I'm not trying to be creepy (not that great of an opening, I'll admit), but what are you doing outside, all alone on a Friday night?!""

We blew smoke bubbles. She had a lot to say -- or, rather, we had a lot to talk about. Movies, parties, friends, her homesickness (she's a freshman), and all sorts of other things. She laughed at my jokes. She didn't seem to be so eager to leave, even after ~45 minutes of talking with a complete stranger. Unfortunately, I left with a really pathetic goodbye (I wish I had at least gotten her number -- but, again, I'm a chick, so it's not too creepy), but I left feeling like I had formed a connection with someone, with the type of person who I would want to be friends with. I've gotten some of that confidence back -- I'm not sure how long it will last, but I'm definitely thankful to have it, at least for the time being.

Also, this is extraneous, but a boy just passed by me (alone) on his way back to the dorms. I called out a, ""Hey, dude, what's up?"" and got a muffled, ""Hmmmphhhmmmphm"" as a response. I saw that he had an I.D. card in his mouth, pointed it out, and much laughter (some muffled) was exchanged. 

**tl;dr:** I -- a female -- didn't kill myself. I realized that all of my ""friends"" were a waste of my time and started trying to meet people. My first attempt was ~95% successful, and I feel like I might be able to get by for a while without downing any pills. Thanks, Reddit, for listening. Sometimes that's all someone needs.

EDIT: Could I be any more of a failure at quoting my own, previous submission title?! Sorry about that."
"Hello.

My Name is George.  Ok, it's really not.  But, I do live __ _ ______, figuratively speaking.  Well, not just any old figurative ______.  Its a Truman Show ______, as my ex-girlfriend thinks of it.  See, she is fairly good friends with a relative of ___ _______.  This concerned me.  See, I received an anonymous email.  Get it, anonymous?  Hur hur.  My quasi-joking manner is an effort to mask the pain of knowing the delusion of insanity.

See, I believe that people have this grand idea.  ""Let's make a post, perhaps on reddit.""  It will be for the lulz.  Hur hur.  Someone will get the message.  Especially if his name is George.  Yes, that is me.  Of course.

Yes, I do not want to live anymore.  This is why I am posting here.  I think people are facking liars.  I think you are probably a liar.  Maybe you are not.  But, what am I to believe?  I know she was a liar on some level (my ex, that is).  I know that she was under the spell of the relative of said person.  So, among other reasons, this was too much for me, and now its over.

I do not want to die because it is over with my ex.  I want to die because of the lulz.  Because of the diner.  I hate going to the diner.  What it means to me, to go to a diner, and see the lulz in action, to see the connection to my redd-ality.  

Are aliens real?  I see this little alien dude in the reddit log.  So let's talk.  How else could it be?  This is the only logical reason I can see.  Aliens must be real.  People do not have the time.  Or do they?

I cannot explain it.  But I can explain this.  I Want to die.  I will not do it.  I too scared to follow through.  Perhaps, thankfully.  Why?  Because I am still alive.

But, the insanity is too much.  The people do not give a shit.  You might, because you see someone in pain.  But, it is not so simple.  See, I want to die because, well, what I have seen is a mystery.  Knowing that I do not know, and that I will likely not ever know, is too much to bear.  Maybe I could accept Jesus, Allah, or someone.  I have no facking clue.  Maybe I should accept technology something else.  I don't know.  

But, I know that I am in pain.  I would ask for your help, but I do not need it.  I just need to try to understand for myself.  Why?  Is it just a mental illness?  Not likely.  I observe.  Theorize.  My observations are based on reality.

I would like to say thank you, and to those 'other ones', fack off.

I am sorry for the strange post.  Good day."
"I'm 25 now and have been mostly depressed since my early teens, I've been to a psychologist, a psychiatrist and a couple of counsellors but I've always found them completely unhelpful.

I think the depression comes from feelings of loneliness; I've only ever had one ""girlfriend"" (I use the term loosely due to her treatment of me) and I only have a few friends (my housemates, who take any opportunity to make a joke out of me.  In fact, I am alone now in the new student house for four weeks... it seems like this is a taster of what the rest of my life will be like)

I ended up being part of a church for a few years.  I feel I was suckered into it because they do a good job of making you welcome.  However, when I stopped going there I found my ""friends"" no longer wanted to talk to me.  It was obvious they were my ""friends"" simply because they had to be.

After years of suffering I finally managed to get myself to university to do a nuclear astrophysics degree, with the hope of one day saving enough money to tour the world.  This simple dream is the only motivation I have that's keeping me alive right now, but it's slowly becoming worthless.

I struggle at making and keeping friends.  So many people advise you to join societies and clubs etc where people are but it's a lot easier to get to these places than it is to make friends.  I try so hard to make conversation but I'm certain that people find me a little weird (I am a physicist after all).  So, of course, it makes it impossible to pick up women (coupled with my ""below average"" looks, proved by the amiugly subreddit)

I think I'm also in love with a girl, who also claims to be in love with me.  However, we live 200 miles apart (aye, we met on the internet) so she's not willing to try anything.... surely then she doesn't love me and is just using me as an emotional pillow?  It hurts so much to hear about her relationships, I try to stop talking to her hoping it would stop the pain but I can only last a week without her.

It feels a bit better to write this, knowing that some other human may read it but I still constantly think about suicide.

I just want to know what it's like to be loved, do I really ask so much of the world?"
I called the helpline for my country after I got the number from SW and I felt better after talking to them. I've put away my suicidal plans for now. I was feeling very depressed after my 'friends' left me out of everything. I hope my present mood(after talking to a really sweet and concerned lady) stays for a while. Thanks SW.
"Just read the ""http://www.metanoia.org/suicide/"" thingie... It doesn't apply... well it does and it doesn't.

I've wanted to die for a long time, I realized a long time ago that I'm born at the wrong time in human history to properly integrate and function with this species at this time. I hate society, I hate current human values and ideals, and I really fucking hate what we're doing on this planet.

Depression has been a life long companion, and emotionally ... I vest myself very heavily in everything and so when something fails, I sink deeper.

It doesn't help that my favourite distraction from the world, and trying to find a reason to live within it, is girls - and whenever I meet one whom with I feel a connection, someone who I actually find attractive or funny or intelligent - I go waaaaaay overboard, and scare them away...

if you met me, you'd think I should kill myself too.

I've tried a few times, and gotten locked up in psych ward here in Calgary for it - that was not pleasant - and to be honest, makes me want to kill myself moreso, the added consequence should I fail in killing myself, of being locked up and tormented with disgusting emotion-robbing drugs and disgusting reprehensible and vile individuals who want to rub bureaucracy all over me... is not helping.

I think it's funny that the link said that the relief from the pain I currently feel is also a feeling unto itself, I realize that - but what would be better than the feeling of relief, would be the absence of feeling, feeling of pain, happiness, relief, constipation, love, whatever - Absence is always to prefer.

I think the people who will no doubt tell me that this is just the easy way out, the lowest point in the fence - I want to tell those people that it's natural to take the easy way, it's the way nature works - Path of least resistance, why take any other?

/argh

"
"Someone please talk to me. I don't feel well. Please talk to me for a bit?


About me: 23 yr old male, east coast, master's degree. lots of stuff going wrong, not much right. anyone to talk to me?"
"obviously i'm not going to be leaving her, but i don't know how to handle this. can someone please help me i don't know what i'm doing."
"I've been diagnosed with depression and have had it on and off since I was a junior in high school.  About a year ago my girlfriend, of a year, broke up with me and I didn't know how to deal with that.  It's been a year since she broke up with me and I'm still not over her.  I find myself wishing I was back with her and I find myself reading over our old messages.  I just don't understand how I can get over her and move on.  It really screws with my head and makes me depressed.  I'm not suicidal right now, but I am posting here as a way of cutting it off before I become suicidal.

Thanks to everyone who responded.  I appreciate your advice and your help."
"I don't want to go into super details but after losing my job, losing several friends because of a controlling ex, practical financial ruin, and a diagnosis of depression and anxiety I just wanna give up.

I'm on bed rest for a medical condition and I've been lonely and lost.  I had everything going for me and over time my dreams were ruined.  I'm facing financial suicide, my now ex told me he didn't care about my feelings, and I'm a 4 months pregnant.  I can't afford barely anything and I'm tired of being a pain in everyone's side.  I just wanna talk to someone.  I tried the local crisis line and had a bad  experience.  I've been thinking of suicide about every couple of hours for the last week or so.  It hurts and I feel stupid for admitting I'm depressed.  I just want to be happy.  "
"I do hope this won't offend anyone.  I'm writing this in the hopes of cutting down on certain trends I've noticed lately in these two subreddits that I hope won't grow larger.  But I suspect that, due to a certain thread and the repercussions, there may be something of a sudden influx of new readers.  Possibly just to peek, possibly to stay, possibly to seek help, possibly to give it.  First, I would like to address those who are popping in to peek or to help:

Please don't assume that the people posting here just haven't been shown how good they've got it *compared to some*.  We are aware that there are other people out there with problems.  That does not fix ours, which are just as real as anybody else's.  We need encouragement and empathy, not guilt trips and shaming techniques.

Please don't assume that those of us who speak of the wish to die/kill ourselves have never considered the impact on our friends and family. There's a good possibility we have, but our minds have convinced us that once we're gone, they'll either not notice or quickly recover. Regardless, whether we've considered that side of things or not, we are not at the point of wanting to die because we are selfish human beings. We are there because we are in such great pain that we don't know how to cope anymore and are willing to take that final step just to make it stop. Consider it euthanasia for a disease nobody else can see. There may be - there very possibly is - a cure that will allow us to live with depression or even overcome it. That cure will never be ""well you'd be a jerk to do that to your family, just how selfish are you?"" Reminding - or even convincing - someone that they are loved is a good thing, but it should be approached with a non-critical POV to avoid feeding the voice of depression.

Before you start posting responses to people with some very severe problems, consider [doing some research](http://www.depression-help-for-you.com/helping-someone-who-is-depressed.html).  It doesn't take long, and it can make a *world* of difference in whether you help or hinder.  There is a lot of good information, both there and elsewhere, but let me stress two ""don't"" points:

* When helping someone who is depressed, don't criticize the depressed person. One of the symptoms of depression is to have an overly critical attitude towards one's self. If you criticize the person, you will strengthen or reinforce this self critical attitude, further lowering his or her self esteem, and making the depression worse.
* When helping someone who is depressed, don't expect the depressed person to overcome his or her depression all by himself or herself. When depressed a person can't ""pull himself or herself up by his or her boot straps."" The depression relates to chemical changes which have taken place in the brain. A person can't just change his or her brain chemistry back to normal.

There.  That's done.  Now, a message to those of you who are here looking for help and support:

Try not to use the following words/ideas in your post:

* this is such a stupid post
* I'm sorry to waste everybody's time by typing this
* I'm such a whiner, I don't have real problems
* I'm sorry my post is all messy and long
* I must be weak and a failure to be talking like this

Getting your fears out is good, but so many of you start your posts out *apologizing* for posting in these subreddits *which are here for the very reason you are posting*.  It would be AWESOME news if the details of your post ended up being a temporary setback and the rest of your life is perfect.  Meanwhile, if it's not, the sooner you post, the sooner you start draining the poison out of your mind.  Read through some of the posts.  See how many people who are just like you have passed through here, posted an apologetic note, and received strong encouragement and advice.  Depression and SuicideWatch are here for *you*.  The thing that would be *bad* to do would be to *not* post and ""try and get through it alone.""  Depression loves it when you isolate yourself - so don't give it the satisfaction!

Also, remember that there will always be trolls.  It's a sad fact of life, and it's one that you must face.  The best response to a troll is to *look away*.  Don't respond to it, don't react to it.  Downvote it and then pretend it doesn't exist.  The majority of us want to see you get better, and the few dissenting voices among us are not worth listening to.  In fact, the more they echo the thoughts you yourself have been having, *the more wrong they are*.


**EDIT** - I've edited this a bit based on what people are saying.  If you feel you have something to add, please speak up!"
"I tried really hard, but i don't think i'm going to be around here anymore. Thanks for everyone who tried to help me, i really appreciated it. It was a little light in an otherwise murky tunnel. I'm a little terrified right now but setting my affairs in order is the most at peace i've been in years."
"I can't believe I'm posting here. Perhaps its not exactly the best place, but it seems like the proper one. 

I guess I should first start with my backstory. I'm 22, recently graduated from college with an engineering degree. Did the degree in 4 years, had no problem with it. I was good at whatever I tried, but around the last year and a half of school I stopped liking it. Still did well at everything, even the highest level classes were simple for me. Well before I graduated I had secured a very well paying job. But I didn't take the job because I wanted it, just because it was there and it was what I was expected to do. I guess that goes all the way back to college... I didn't go to college because I wanted to, nor did I choose my major. I just did what I felt was expected of me because it was there. 

Over the past few months I've been having no particular troubles at my job. I've even been told that I'm getting good at it faster than most. I don't like the job though, I really quite hate it. Its not just the job though, everything about society has been bringing forth my ire. I can't stand it anymore, I'm not fit for this society and it isn't fit for me. 

Lately I've been entertaining the idea of just packing up what few of my possessions are useful and leaving. I'll buy what I think I'll need, and then head into the little wilderness that is left on this planet and live there. I don't actually have much in the way of wilderness skills, in fact most of what I know would be useless out there. All I would have is my supplies and ability to learn. I don't plan on telling anyone where I'm going, or that I'm going... I just plan to go. I don't think I could tell anyone I know my intentions anyways. I think I'm going to leave today. In a couple of hours. I've already started to pack away what things I own that would be useful. I know where I can buy everything else I need.

I plan to go to live, not to die, but I understand how to the few that care about me it may seem like suicide; and I understand that there is a good chance I won't survive. I think that is the reason I want to do it, to actually face the opportunity to meaningfully fail. Everything so far has been easy and meaningless. I don't feel like I've lived at all in these 22 years. When I turn 23, I want it to be with the achievement of having survived a winter in the wild. That alone will mean more than any degree or paycheck ever has. 

I said before I couldn't believe I'm posting here, and I think I should now add that I don't really know why I'm posting here. It just feels like something I should... something I'm expected to do. I guess that was all I was ever good at... I'll probably even leave a cheesy note behind too. 

I'll still be here for a couple hours, I'll watch the thread.

Edit: 
I'm going to go now. For better or for worst. If in a few years I feel an urge to return to society, I'll be sure to do an IAMA. But until then, goodbye reddit. "
"okay. i would post this in r/militiary but...

i'm on ALOT of psych meds. have been hospitalized for a psychotic break. diagnosed borderline personality, psychoaffective disorder, and schitzoaffective.

I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT DEATH (MINE). I'm 41, have a wife, a house, two beautiful children. People like me and I'm successful. But there is a gaping hole in my head that I hide (caused by early-childhood sex abuse involving my sister, perpetratred by my Father and his friends over the course of 4 years or so.)

I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT ENLISTING IN THE MILITIARY. ARMY NAVY MARINES AIR FORCE. I want to kill, and I want to die. Iran, Afganistan or Iraq.

Either tell me: 1. would I be able to enlist or 2. what the fuck do I do with these thoughts????

More background: I live in nyc. I saw the trade center disaster happening. reddit makes me mad with the idealistic stance on the ""ground zero mosque"". I feel bombarded with stories of my friends sons ""going over"". Bombarded with thoughts that in 6 years, my oldest son will be of draft age. Bombarded with the news every day. I think i'm cracking up. I'm one of the few gainfully employed in my immediate family and have an incredibly stressfull job with no ""downtime"". My friends are all friends from work. My life is work work work and i know it's because I helped support my mom when I was 13 cos my dad was a shit. I grew up eating out of the garbage. I halucinate, always have. My mind ""locks up"" under certain types of pressure. I took the W.A.Y.S. test (is that what it's called) and have a 125 or so IQ but no common sense plus i'm fucking brain damaged because of my dad. I remember the day it happened. I was covered in shit (not my own) in a basement, changed into otjher clothes and had my head smashed by him on the dashboard of his 1971 Dodge and told ""a family keeps secrets."" I was 4.

My friends, my best friends are all loner workaholics like me. 
tl;dr: i'm in a hell with no doors. i'm suprised when i see my shadow or reflection because i feel ""nothing"".
"
"I realise my problems aren't as great as others, but they're starting to really get to me and suicide seems like a valid option at the moment. I was bullied since childhood. Pretty much every day. Eventually, near the end of my time in school, my teachers just ignored it and one even blamed me. That's when I started what I could call, actual depression. It went away when I met a girl I really liked. She fucked someone else and just laughed at me when I found out. I got more depressed than before after that. I couldn't concentrate in college and had a councillor. It didn't help and I was eventually told I couldn't continue onto the next years course, despite passing that year.

My social skills are almost non-existent. For some reason I still have friends though. I'm 20 and still living at home, with no job. I tried looking but got rejected from everywhere I tried. I met another girl. Things went well for around a year and out of no-where she said she no longer loves me. Now I'm alone, can't go out with the few friends I still have left because I have no money, can't get money because I can't get a job and now I'm more depressed than ever.

I've put so much work into trying to be happy and always thinking things will turn out well in the end but it never does. I'm now alone, depressed and despite always thinking suicide is never a good option, I'm starting to think differently. I don't think things will work out well and I don't know how to make them better. I've tried and failed at it so many times.

I've talked to some people about how I feel. I get the usual responses ""You'll be okay"" ""Things always work out in the end"". It's hard to believe that when it's coming from people who already have a job, car, place to live, girlfriend etc. And the responses don't help me. I've heard them before and there is no advice for me to follow which can fix things. Everything that people tell me depends only on believing something will work out, which is something I've ran out of.

As I said before. My problems aren't huge ones compared to others. But they're enough to make me feel like this.

Sorry if that was too long to read.

tl;dr depressed, considering suicide etc."
"All is ready.  The letters, the last wishes, etc.  I already heard the ""last music"", ate the last meal and all that stuff.  And a major battle has exploded within.  On the one hand, I cannot live one more day.  The pain...  it's like a maggot devouring my innards every day, very slowly, and growing, growing all the time. This pain must end.  But between my fingers and the way out, there seems to be a force field.  I'm paralyzed.  Reddit, I turn to you in utter despair.  

And yet I know what you are going to tell me, Reddit.  I know it all too well.  

Despair.  Don’t feel strong enough to go there, don’t feel strong enough to stay here.  I just want to cease being"
"Female, early 20's, throwaway account. 

This is getting ridiculous. Unbearable. 

Several thousand miles from my home, no friends and no family here. I have a job and the phone numbers of some coworkers, but I don't really know them and they don't really know me. Too ashamed to talk to them about problems that are driving me close to this point.

Who can I talk to so I can snap out of this? What should I do?"
"I just recently started talking to my ex-girlfriend, again.  She is now dating someone new and I don't really know how to handle this.  I'm extremely depressed and I'm thinking about hurting myself.  I never got over her and I was kind of hoping we would get back together.  I just don't know what to do."
"I want to take heroin and OD on it. I've never done it before. There is no one left I can burden with my dumb problem, and no way for me to get any help right now. I have the cash and I know where to buy it. I a so tired of this shit."
"I don't really frequent this subreddit, but it got best of'd for helping someone. 

It's really quite amazing how YOU SAVED A LIFE! Thank you for being amazing. "
"All of you.  All of you.

I have been there.  I have done that.  I have been in the place you are now.  The dark place with no light at the end of the tunnel.  The place where the only way out is to eat your gun.

DO NOT DO IT.

I have five guns.  I haven't shot myself with one yet.  And that's because I'm happy with who I am.

I am also gay.

That's why I came within minutes of killing myself seven years ago.  I found a friend who, even though he didn't know it at the time, stopped me from doing it.  And I'm so happy I did.

It may seem like you have no way out, that there's no one there for you, that the solution to everything is to remove yourself as the problem.

YOU ARE NOT THE PROBLEM.

I can't tell you how hard it was for me to come out.  What I can tell you is how great my life has been since I did.  You might think you have no life, no friends, but YOU DO.  There are people who will miss you when you're gone, I guarantee it.  I would be one of those people.

While I am gay and my primary aim is to help fellow gay men in hardship, that is not the end of my aim.  If you're gay, if you're depressed, if you're feeling like nobody can help you, LET ME KNOW.  I'm not going to waste your time trying to pitch life to you.  I am going to tell you that your life is worth living.  Ask me how.  I want to hear all about it.  I can't offer platitudes without knowing you, but I can give you my phone number.  I can talk to you all night long.  I am a pilot.  I can fly myself to where you are, wherever in the world, RIGHT NOW, and I can help you get out of the situation you're in.

I make no guarantees or promises other than this:
YOUR LIFE IS VALUABLE.  THIS WORLD WOULD BE WORSE OFF WITHOUT YOU.

You might not believe it now.  But I can show you why it's true.  Why your life is worth living.  Message me, and you'll get my phone number.  I don't care if it's 5AM like it is now--I will talk to you.  You are that important.  Don't doubt it for a minute.

If you think you've exhausted all your options, and have gone beyond your last best hope, FUCKING CALL ME.  It will take just a few minutes out of your life, and your life will become so much more valuable as a result.  Not just to you, but to everyone who cherishes you.  Even if you don't know who they are right now.

You will.  Call me.  Let me know.  Let me help you.

Your friend,
Dan."
"Some one I know is participating in this walk for suicide prevention. Please help the cause!

http://afsp.donordrive.com/?fuseaction=donorDrive.participant&amp;participantID=120268&amp;referrer=facebook"
the only thing keeping me here is the fact that someone would have to break the news to my 6 year old nephew and it would cause him to end up where i am today. wanting to die. so what could be worse than wanting to kill yourself? wanting to kill yourself but being unable to and having to live out this shitty existence. 
"I'm not going to kill myself, but I think about it all the time. It started as mental flashes of me hurting myself, but it's progressed and become worse: more often and more severe. I lied to my therapist when she asked me if I have suicidal thoughts. I feel like I have nothing to look forward to. 

The past few months have been so stressful. I started a new job about a year ago, and the whole time I've felt like I'm in over my head. People tell me it's not that bad, that I can do it, but I feel like I should know what I'm doing after all this time. A big part of my job is coordinating the work of others, but I feel such anxiety talking to people that I put it off until there's a deadline approaching. As a result, I'm always freaking out. My manager talked to me about my job performance, and that only made things worse. Now I have bad dreams and can only sleep a couple hours at a time, so I'm exhausted at work on top of everything else.

I feel like I'm going to break. My life outside of work isn't much better. I live alone. I've been dating someone, but I feel like I'm in a relationship with my imagination. My relationship with my parents is ridiculous. I'm in my thirties, but they feel the need to tell me what to do at every turn. When they disapprove of a choice I make, they argue and yell and bring up every failure I've experienced until I comply with their wishes. I have so little self confidence that I just go along with it, but I hate myself for not standing up for what I want.

This morning I went to the doctor to start a weight loss program and was told that I couldn't start today because my blood pressure was 190/110. It's been high for a while, but never that high. Apparently that's a stroke waiting to happen.

I just feel completely alone and I'm finding it hard to cope. I want to feel better, but I just don't know how to make it happen. I'm afraid that I'll never get there."
"Im slowly beginning to realize that my depression isn't normal. It seems to come down more and more frequently, and recently I've been having thoughts of suicide and crying many times a day. I also realize that my social anxieties are far worse then I perviously thought. (I do **not** plan on killing myself anytime soon, I've just been thinking about it a lot) I *want* to get help, and I want to talk to my mom about it, but I feel that it will just be more of a burden to her for money. I'd say that my family is middle class, but with the economy and being on a really bad health care plan (among other things), I think my parents are hurting financially more then their letting on. Every time we have to pay extra money for *anything*, my mom gets really angry about it. Not that wasting money doesn't make everyone anger, it just seems to be getting out of control lately. I feel like if I tell her, she won't believe me or if she does won't be able to afford it/will take a lot of money out off an already limited fund. I really don't feel burdening any of my friends with any of this, nor do I feel comfortable telling them. I could really use some advice. Thank you. 

**EDIT:** Thank you all so much for your advice. I've decide to go with Grayce idea and write my mom a message and see what goes on from there. I do really appreciate it. &lt;3
"
"I need some help and advice on how to recover. I am depressed, some days thinking of suicide every hour. I still have no job, and it is hard to find any job that interests me because depression saps all joy and excitement from life. My mum is also still depressed. We drag each other down. Waiting list to see a councilor is 6 weeks. Every day is a fight. What do I do? The voice in my head is so nasty to me when I cry. If I don't find a way out and some help I will loose my boyfriend too. I need motivation, please ideas on how to climb out of this deep dark hole of sadness and self hatred. "
"I'd go into a long drawn out explanation of why I'm depressed and really just don't have any motivation or desire to try anymore... but I don't even care enough to type it all out.  but I'm sad.  I'm sad because the world is just so god damned fucking beautiful... but i can't enjoy it.. it's tainted by so much horridness that the people of this world bring to it.  i don't want it anymore.  

http://imgur.com/Qu2KS.jpg

**Edit** * I'm glad the redditors here are nice and not trolls.  That's important.  It gives me hope.  I feel a bit better today, and the kind words I received here really helped.  Really, just having people react at all in a non-asshole way really helped.  So, I thank you all for that.  You are true human beings and deserve a place on this beautiful Earth."
"Reddit, I don't know what to do anymore. I want to die. I can't go through with killing myself but I really don't want to live anymore.
 

I'm unemployed and being slowly crippled by a nervous system disorder that most likely won't kill me but just rob me of my mobility. Sometimes I sit on my bed and look around and realize that as much as the constant pain and partial paralysis sucks now it will only get worse. That means every fucking day of my life is going to be worse than the one before it. (as far as pain and mobility issues are concerned)

"
"* He only can create the greatest imaginable beauty who has endured all imaginable pangs, for only when we have seen and foreseen what we dread shall we be rewarded by that dazzyling unforeseen wing-footed wanderer. *  

-W. B. Yeats

"
"(It was suggested I re-post this here). Last Friday my brother hung himself in my mother's basement, the day before his birthday. We have known that he has been suffering from severe depression for a long time but did not know it had reached this point. Luckily my mother came home from work, saw the basement light on and went down. He had been there for maybe 10 minutes, not sure, but he was still alive. He was immediately rushed to the hospital and after a few days of agonizing uncertainty as to whether or not he would ever regain consciousness or brain function he has finally woken up. He has a breathing tube in so he is unable to talk and is heavily sedated, but he can respond to a question with a slow head shake or nod. I can't explain the feeling we all have now that he has regained consciousness and at how lucky we are that my mother found him when she did, as had only a couple more minutes gone by he would no longer be here, but I feel we may be getting lost in how happy we are that he is alive and may not be considering the fact that he may be in the worst hell imaginable right now. This was not a cry for help, this was it, he had made the decision to leave the world. And we brought him back. Now he is tied to a bed, unable to move or talk. I don't know if he feels differently now and is happy that he survived or if he is spending every waking moment in pain wishing he was not here, but unable to do anything about it. Not sure how long before they take him off of the breathing machine so he is able to talk to us, but apart from explaining how much we all love him, what can I say to convince him that life is worth living? I don't want to say the wrong thing, because he obviously felt/feels differently, and saying something like ""life is a beautiful thing, etc"" may make him feel worse. Any advice?

**Edit:** Thank you for your advice and support."
"Reddit, I'm about at the point of giving up on everything. In high school, I was a straight-A student, valedictorian, plenty of friends. In college I went from As to Bs to nearly failing out senior year. Despite all that I managed to land an amazing job, and now have thrown that away. I moved to a new area for this (now lost) job, and have no friends or family up here (or anywhere, for that matter). I constantly lie to my parents to not worry them about what's going on. I've been on depression meds for a year but have stopped taking them because they didn't really help and I no longer see the point. The only thing in the world I take pleasure from is video games, and even that is fleeting. Used to play in bands/orchestras and I think I enjoyed those, but no longer have those options available to me being out of college. Reddit, ideas?"
"Okay. I'm at the end of my rope. I decided I should post here and whine about my life before doing anything permanent.
I'm depressed and tired of life, and I'm contemplating suicide, as you might say. I've been to 3 psychiatrists in the last 1,5 years. None of them helped, but one tried to sell me homeopathic shit. So you can check ""professional help"" off the list. 

I have been homeschooled for 4 years (from grades 5 to 9), and I haven't done jack shit during that time. Basically, I skipped 4 years of school. So I have the educational level of a fifth grader. I went back to school last year, but I only lasted for 4 and a half months before bailing out again due to the workload and bullying. I don't know what to do, it seems hopeless. I have to go back to school tomorrow after a 3 month school break. (Not that I attended school before that) I can't stand seeing my classmates again, I despise most of them. My hands shake when I think about school and all the assignments, considering I'm a dumb fuck who can't even do basic maths and write a simple essay. I feel helpless. I live in a small house with my 2 little sisters and an overprotective mother, and I don't get any privacy, at all. I feel it (privacy) is very important to my well-being. I've tried talking to my mom about this but nothing came out of it. 
As for my sisters, I feel bad for them, they do nothing but watch TV all day and my mother just doesn't give a fuck. (not that she's busy, she doesn't have a job, I don't know what the fuck she does all day) It all just feels so sad and pointless. 
I don't have any interests either. I spend all my time on the computer, and I don't do anything cool like writing music or programming or anything, I just browse the internet pointlessly. My vision has dropped a lot because of that (at least I think so, I don't really know). Also, I sleep a lot (but I still feel tired in the end) and it is coincidentally the only part of my life that I enjoy. I read a lot of self-motivation articles and the such, I have tried a lot of stuff, but nothing I did seemed to help. 

So there. All that petty bullshit makes me feel the way I do. I don't know what to do about it. I'm tired and apathetic all the time. I don't have any reasons left to live. I'm not looking for attention or someone to talk to. Typing this out didn't make me feel any better either, but I guess it had to be done in order for you to understand my situation. There's a bunch of other stuff I could whine about, but I don't think it's important to the story.
"
"I don't know what to write or why I'm really writing this. I guess i'm writing it to pass the time. I'm not technically suicidal because I have no desire to end my life. But I have the urge.

See, I have really severe depression. Really, really severe depression. It's not even as if things are so bad for me right now; I just moved back to college after a year on medical leave to try to get my medication correct and work on some coping techniques, I'm living with two of the coolest girls I know, my classes are easy, I just landed a research position after only two classes because I impressed my professor and 4 days ago I had a really interesting conversation with a cute stranger and I got her number. Pretty much everything is going my way right now, yet as I sit here my brain is just saying 'kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself.'

Both of my roommates are out. I'm sitting here, at my computer. The light is on, and the door is open, which is good, but it isn't helping my mood. I tried sitting in the backyard on our tree swing and having a cigarette, but I couldn't even stand that because I wasn't sitting in my room alone.

I hate my depression and I hate my anxiety and I hate my obsessive compulsive personality traits. I hate the medications that I'm on. Well, most of them. But most of all, I hate myself. I mean, I don't hate MYSELF. I love who I am, my intellect and my charisma have brought me so much joy in life. However, I hate who I've become. I really don't feel comfortable expatiating on that with my normal account, though. It's not like i'm a bad person. I'm just not worth anything at the moment. I don't generate any positive value for anyone. I'm a hole my parents are throwing money into.

I could keep writing, and I might if my attention comes back to it, but I'm pretty sure nobody is going to read all of this text so I just got really unmotivated about doing this."
"I'm 23, in college for journalism, my last semester.  I've dealt with depression for the last few years, I've been on lexapro, risperidone and lorazepam for months and was ok for a while.  But now I'm back to school...and I can't fucking take it anymore, I'm at the level where I can't fake and pretend I know what I'm doing, everyone knows I'm incompetent.  The pressure and the expectations are too high, everyone is going to realize that I'm a failure.  I'm realizing that I am nothing, I'm average and I don't want to live if I'm average.  I don't have a future in this business, and even if I do my future is a job some nowhere town living a nowhere life where no one will ever care that I ever existed.  Whether I live a miserable life for another 50 years or kill myself now, there will be no difference in the world.  So why should I not kill myself?

I can't help but think about killing myself, it's been on my mind all day.  I'm at the point where even the fact that my suicide would wreck my family is starting to stop seeming like a good reason not to do it.  I keep thinking that it's my life, my misery and that they shouldn't be sad if I ended it, that they don't really care about me if they want me to keep living.

I haven't eaten all day, can't make myself.  Won't eat tomorrow, I'll be too busy trying to convince everyone in the real world that I'm ok and trying to fake my way through class and work.

I've got sleeping pills and my lorazepam, but I don't know if they're enough.  I could go out and get a bottle of whiskey to wash them down.  Would that work?

I think I'd be ok if there was just someone to hold me in their arms and tell me things were gonna be ok...but there's not...never will be.

I can't talk to anyone about this, my mother would freak and call someone.  Therapists would have to inform people wrecking the rest of my life.  Even suicide hotlines could trace me back and then, even if I got better and happy, this would be on record to ruin my life.

I know I'm an asshole, I know other people have it worse, I'm sorry this doesn't make sense.  Why is it so wrong to kill yourself?

EDIT:  OK, I'm feeling a bit better, I'm not at the edge anymore.  Thanks for the replies and support.  I think my best option right now is to try and power through this last semester, graduate and then find some hole in the world and close myself inside it.  A meaningful life doesn't seem to be in the cards for me."
"i am 36 yo m  recently separated from  my other.  having a crazy hard tim e dealing with her being 1100  miles away with our youngest children.  I'm here with our oldest 2  .. life is gettimg to be more tahn i can handle on a daily basis.. 
need  someone to talk to.. 
beer is good..   people are effin crazy"
"Dear reddit, four years ago my boyfriend committed suicide, and I hated him for it. At first I was so angry with him that I didn't realise how depressed I really was, and eventually how suicidal I had also become. I luckily had a very close friend who pulled me through this, and eventually we became a couple. This weekend I found out that he has been cheating on me for almost a year and a half. Depression is something that I have been struggling with for so long, that it's hard to see the point any more. Even when things have been good, it's only ever been temporary. I feel like I've lost my lifeline, as well as feeling so incredibly betrayed by the only person I've ever really trusted. I know that a lot of people must post really similar things every day, and I don't know what can even help at the moment, but I'm really quite desperate."
"Well, here it is, just something that I've recently come to the conclusion of. You know what, people, it came to me in a dream that I had. I actually dreamed about myself, having a conversation with myself, about my life and the situations that seem to manifest and cause me to be negative about everything. Here is a basic run-down of what advice I got from myself:

""Dude, listen, from what you're saying, life is full of guessing games and 'what-ifs' about the future. When your life is full of shit, at a moment or a period of moments, you start to think negatively and 'what if it all stays like this forever? It's never going to get better'. I'm here to tell you that, just as you don't know it won't get better, you sure as fuck don't know if it will. You think negatively and say 'All of this won't get better, ever. I'm not going anywhere, my life is shit and there's no other way out. I will never succeed, be successful, happy or feel needed, ever.' Take that into consideration, man, and now think about this for a second: You don't know for a fact things will stay this way, so what about thinking about the opposite for a change? What if everything, all of your dreams and hopes, came true? What if the love of your life comes through for you and treats you like it's heaven on earth? What if you become massively happy and successful to no ends and live a life that's just so vast, pure and beautiful that when you look back on this horrible moment, you can finally think to yourself 'I cannot believe I almost gave up on such a wonderful odyssey.' What if your life becomes absolutely brilliant and full of wonder? What if? Life is a gamble, man, and you know what, think of it as nothing but a giant casino, full of prizes and rigged with crap, because, it is. Life is a gamble in the casino, and I'll be DAMNED if I'm going to let you allow the house to win this bet!""

Case in point: I've never been happier to wake up than I am. I've always woken up either numb or depressed, but I've finally woken up, I mean REALLY woken up. Advice from myself to myself, wow. Powerful stuff, and inside, I think we all know there is that 'us' that should be smacking the hell out of ourselves and just making us realize that life is random and whatever you put into it. Set your goals high, bet high and win big, because I'll be damned if I'm going to lose to the house!

I hope this realization can be of assistance to anyone else struggling."
"This is a fairly quick update seeing as this happened not too long ago but thank you r/SW. I had fallen into a fairly bad place and since then i have gotten a lot better. Many many things had built up over time and it all came crashing down with the incident that happened that night but, since i started back up with school this week, i have felt better and better each day and today i just feel fucking amazing. I love what i see in the mirror now(i started back up on my workout routine) and eventhough i'm still not in the shape i was in 2 years ago, it just feels amazing being sore and knowing i'm working out and working towards something better. Especially given the fact that i'm working on less classes and going to be graduating this year... i couldn't ask for more. I've finally started doing what i absolutely love in college. It also has helped that one of my best friends returned to college and we've been hanging out everyday and going to the gym together. It's been so long since i've felt this amazing and thanks to the people in r/SW, i am able to experience it. The two main people i'd like to thank who stayed up and kept me talking are Carmac and i can't remember or find the other name because he deleted his account but you know who you are. Everyone who responded, thank you because it showed me how much everyone cared and it made a huge difference in helping me vent out my frustrations and finally be able to think a little more rationally. Sorry for the wall of text but thank you for helping me see another morning that led to me regaining and finding a confidence i had lost long ago.

Original Thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/d5k1v/i_have_lost_everything/"
"I now realize that I need help, and I'm willing to get it. My benefits cover mental health, and I believe all I would have to do is just ask my HR person or the guy who purchases the health insurance where to start, and they'll point me in the right direction.

What I'm most concerned about, though, is what this would do to my job security. Would I be labeled as unstable and therefore untrustworthy to my supervisors or even my own co-workers? Would I find myself out of a job where my employer cites performance issues as the reason for letting me go? 

Should I just forget about going to my HR person, and go straight to a doctor? I don't know if I could even figure out where to start by myself. 

So many different feelings at one time right now. But I want help. I just don't know the right way to approach it in my situation. "
"i really wanna

m
aybe
i will?

gonna"
"I found myself thinking about that today, that sometimes I really wish some drunk driving asshole would mow me down or I would be struck by a bolt of lightning.

I don't think I could bring myself to do it personally, but I feel like it might be getting there. That's kind of terrifying, because I never had these types of thoughts before.

I can't help but feel an absolute, crippling loneliness right now. I picked up everything and moved to a new city, and I know I should be patient, but it just eats away at me nonstop. I ended a long, long-term relationship just before I came out here. It's like a perfect storm of clusterfuckery and now I just don't even give a crap about anything any more. I will seriously now get on a plane and pray the thing crashes and makes it quick.

Also, my roommate is having LOUD sex down the hall. It really only makes me feel more lonely and while I don't miss my ex, I miss the feeling of having someone I can completely trust and share those experiences with.

Am I alone here? Should I be worried? I know that's probably a dumb question but this is something that's pretty much completely out of character for me and I wasn't quite sure where to look first.

"
[removed]
"From David Foster Wallace's *Infinite Jest*

&gt;The so-called ‘psychotically depressed’ person who tries to kill herself doesn't do so out of quote ‘hopelessness’ or any abstract conviction that life's assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level person will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire's flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It's not desiring the fall; it's terror of the flame yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don‘t!’ and ‘Hang on!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You'd have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling.  
  
RIP David Foster Wallace, suicide by hanging, 1962-2008  
  
You're a good thing, /r/suicidewatch.  "
"Fridays are reserved for learning Maya2010. But mostly they're reserved for The Gaping Fear Hole into which everything falls and nothing fills.

I work freelance in a high-stress environment, and i'm learning Maya 2011 to get into a higher stress environment. Why? Because I'm 41 and I'm afraid of unemployment.

Last night, I sat on the train, drinking, wondering. How long would it take my kids to get over it if I just ooops tripped and fell in front of a train."
[Just posted in Ask Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/d9ehd/i_dont_know_what_to_do_anymore/)
"I cant believe I'm back at this point in my life where I just want to kill myself. I just feel like the most appalling failure. I'm constantly hearing about my ""potential"" but all I do is fuck up. The past 2 years have been painful and pointless. I went to jail and then rehab, now I'm back in rehab. I consistently open myself to being taken advantage of by guys. They only see me as a piece of ass and I keep falling for this fucking bullshit. I'm only 23 but I feel like I've already wasted the majority of my life and that theres very slim chance anyone will ever want to be with me. I wont get married, or get back into school, or have a good job. All I can live for is to drink myself to death. I cant fucking stop setting myself up to fail or doing drugs. I feel so fucking stupid for even feeling this way, but I just wanted to rant.
tl;dr: I'm a fucking idiot on a path of self-destruction."
I am in a bad position.  
"Jesus ... I don't know how I am going to do this. 

Whatever. People depend on me. This foot goes in front of the other. Somehow it always gets better eventually.

Just needed a place to vent.

... back to pretend nothing is wrong ..."
"It's 1:39 AM where I live and I can't sleep. Boyfriend is sleeping soundly upstairs, and I'm in the living room staring blankly at my laptop. I am a huge night owl, so being up late isn't abnormal for me...but tonight I just can't shake this overwhelming feeling of loneliness.

Anyone care to chat?

Edit: Grabbing some headphones and scraping together a little bowl. Will brb in about 5 min! Until then, listen to this **DOPE** song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awV03ivB-mA

Edit2: 3:24 AM and I think I'm going to finally try and sleep. Will most likely be back tomorrow, if not in the very near future. Thanks to everyone who kept me company tonight. :)"
"I'm a 21 year old male. I dropped out of college after a semester, and since then I've just been living at home doing nothing but watching TV, browsing reddit, and playing games. I've suffered from depression and anxiety for a long time, and it's what caused me to drop out of school, and it's what's kept me from going back to school or getting a job. I don't even have my driver's license. 

I've been seeing a therapist for over a year, and we've made a lot of progress in terms of getting to the root of my issues, but over the last month or so it has become apparent to me that getting at the root of my issues won't fix me. Every time I look at my situation I see no hope of me getting into a car and driving, going to classes, or applying for a job.

My whole life my parents have been mostly emotionally unavailable. My mom has been much more available than my dad, but I haven't been able to trust her with my feelings for years. Whenever she tries to console me she just tells me how I was just like her when she was a kid. While there may be some truth to that in some aspects of my life, knowing my mom, it's mostly bullshit. It doesn't help me, it just makes me feel worse, because it's so apparent she doesn't understand, yet she insists she does. As for my dad, he's incapable of relating to me on an emotional level. That's not true. He's incapable of showing it. Whenever he asks about things like the medicine I'm taking there's a hint of awkwardness in the way he speaks, because by talking about my medicine he's acknowledging something that affects my emotions. 

I talked to my therapist about my suicidal thoughts, and how I was slowly but surely getting to the point that the possibility of me killing myself was becoming a reality. He recommended I find some sort of in-patient program to get into. Luckily I was going to see a new psychiatrist the same day. I talked to him and he said that in-patient programs are more for people who are at an immediate risk of harming themselves or others. I dunno. I felt hung out to dry. I'm not sure what to do about that. I haven't called my therapist to tell him I *will* be seeing him next week, instead of being in a hospital.

I don't know what to think. I don't really know how close I am to hurting or killing myself. Just before I started writing this, I was pacing around my basement just thinking. I came across some cabinets my dad made a few years ago to house my childhood collection of pez dispensers. He worked on them for weeks, and when he finished them, I never really acknowledged them. I was at a time where I had not long ago finished my pez collecting phase, and I thought they were stupid. Looking at these cabinets stuffed away in a closet, never once hung up on a wall like they were intended, I felt horrible. Right then, I grabbed a piece of paper and wrote ""Dad I'm sorry I never appreciated the pez cabinets."" I set it down on the bathroom sink while I went into the shower and sat staring at the knife in my hand for several minutes. I don't think I really even meant to kill myself. I just wanted to get closer without actually hurting myself.

A few minutes ago as I was in the middles of writing this, my parents put on a fucking Eagles CD on. They never used to do shit like that. Especially not this early in the morning. I don't know what to think, so many thoughts are going through my head. Tomorrow I'm supposed to go with my dad for a little family get together at my aunt and uncles house. This is one thing that stopped me from cutting myself up. I didn't want my family to see the cuts. The only reason I'm going is because it's the only way I can get some god damn cigarettes. I can get my cousin to pick me up some. The lady at the gas station by my house won't sell me smokes because my driver's permit is expired. 

One thing that has kept me from getting this close to suicide is the distractions. I play video games, watch movies and shows, and browse the internet all day. As soon as I stop those, I start a spiral into depression. The distractions haven't been enough lately. I don't know what I'll do once I finish the last season of The Wire.

Edit: A few minutes ago I made an impulsive decision to buy a brand new hard drive just because it was on sale. This made me decide that I was going to build a brand new computer, not just because I desperately need a PC that's up to date to play the latest games, but because I need to do something productive. This has strangely made me feel pretty good. I don't know if it's such a good thing to swing from suicidal to the happiest I've been in weeks. Feels like a manic episode. While I don't have bipolar disorder, I do occasionally have short manic episodes that last for a few hours every month or so. While I know my depressive feelings will return, I do know that I will build a damn computer. 

Edit 2: OK yeah the manic feelings are starting to mingle with depressive feelings. I'm not crazy about this feeling. I called my therapist to schedule a meeting. The good thing is that I'm not feeling as suicidal as I was earlier.
"
"**EDIT** feeling better, had a chat, went out, ate some dinner. thanks guys for everything :)"
"I tried to kill myself two months ago, via carbon monoxide poisoning. I have been in the pysch ward for two months. It was ok. It was highly routine. The nurses were really nice.

It was of value because it gave me a huge amount of time to think but it didn't have much of an effect on me. I feel that I'm still weak and eventually I will be suicidal again.

But for the time being I am excited about a plan to pay off debt and then return to school to become an engineer or someone who works with robots. I'll be 33/35 when I return. I was wondering what people thought of that.

But anyways I will be hanging out here and /r/depression again. It might be a couple days because I have to do some getting life in order. But I look forward to talking to you guys again and hope to be a source of support again, in addition to occasionally needing it."
"One of my babies died in my arms.  That isn't the worst. I did my others wrong by not letting them die peacefully at home.  I know Tamara forgives me, she was always so smart, in the ways of humans as well as cats.  I can't believe I still miss her after fifteen years.  "
"In the last couple days I learned that my best friend is signing a plea bargain with the district attorney to go to prison for 3 years. He was accused of lewd and lascivious contact with a toddler. I have no doubt that it's not true. On top of that the guy I have been seeing for a few weeks dumped me tonight. Every guy dumps me sooner or later for some variation of being ""too smart"". I'm working a job I hate at an antique mall. I would go to school but don't have the money for it. I am seeing a psychiatrist and am on meds but i'm too depressed to care about anything positive anymore.

I wake up and just feel like I can't get out of bed anymore. I cry all the time. I'm lonely on such a profound level that i'm not even sure how to describe it. I have gotten good at pretending to be happy. Deep down tho i'm sad. I have been contemplating ways to commit suicide. I know how and when at this point.

I know I shouldn't feel like I don't have hope but at the end of the day all I ever feel is pain. After being homeless twice and always having to fight for everything, and being lonely all my life, I just don't feel I have the strength to go on. Eventually we all die anyway. If I die now no one will really notice. In a few weeks I will be forgotten, even more than I am now. I wish I knew of a way to get help. Meds don't work tho. I have already tried several. The depression always wins."
"**Notes**

*Edit* I just wrote this out because I have struggled with suicidal thoughts in the past and lingered on it on and off. I also have anxiety issues which can be a trigger. Anyway I thought I would post it here for anyone needing something to read.

Everyone in this dream exists in real life and their traits are as accurate as I can describe. Of course names have been changed or are stylistically omitted. I have filled in background information on people where it is needed so that you may understand the significance of the events in the dream. There is an intro about Rebecca and how I met her. So if there is any confusion as to what happened when, etc, feel free to ask. Thank you for reading this and I hope you get as much out of it as I did.

**-- This is the dream that occurred last night. Check the comments for back story on Rebecca**

I had just graduated college and bought a house. Rebecca and some of her friends had come to visit me at my new house. It was a lovely old wooden frame house with ornate carvings on the front porch. Similar to the garden district homes in New Orleans. It is definitely something straight out of my dreams because I am sure it would be monstrously expensive.

Rebecca was going to be leaving town soon, as her visits were always short. 
We were talking about things and having reminiscing about memories past. As is typical for a great moment, my phone rang. It was an old phone, one that I hadn’t used since high school. It was a crummy prepaid phone, which was odd. Any it had no caller ID, so I had to assume it was important and take the call. For whatever particular reason I had missed the call the first time and got angry at the phone. My anger has a tendency to rub off, and while I physically will not hurt anyone else, I will be dismissive and clam up. I tossed the phone at the wall.

After picking it back up and reassembling it rang again in my hand. I answered it at once and a vaguely familiar voice was on the other end. The man was offering me a job in video editing which seemed like an awful let down for a moment. I had applied at this firm a while back and thought that I would never get a response. It seems though, that I was excited to have any job at all. Rebecca could tell this was no ordinary call and was sort of following me with anticipation. While covering the mouthpiece of the phone I giddily whispered ""I have a job!"" 

A few minutes later the man explained that the hiring process over the phone would take some time. I remember feeling very torn because I was trying to say my goodbyes to Rebecca but I also really needed a job. I attempted to convince the manager from the office that while I was delighted but in the middle of something important. Finally, I was able to convince him that I would call back and needed to get off the phone. 

I looked for Rebecca and found that her things were gathered up and that she was nowhere to be found. I went out front and saw her friends pulling out of the driveway in their packed car. Two couples fit into a small compact car. ""They must have all loved each other."" I thought, because surely they would otherwise drive one another crazy in that car.

Rebecca's car was already gone and I started to panic.
Had she really left without saying goodbye?

I ran after her friends, who were now nearing the end of the street. I yelled to get their attention and have them stop. 

When they did I asked them if Rebecca had left. They all nodded. It was as if their nod contained judgments and commentaries on who I was as a person. It was my fault yet again. I felt horrible. My stomach dropped out of me. 

""I'm going to kill myself."" I told them. How could she just leave like that? After having screwed up this time I relinquished all hope. The hope of ever actually loving someone, the hope that someone might genuinely love me seemed to go out like a candle. It seems so basic, and yet I find it to be so unimaginably complicated. I have struggled with the concept since the first puzzled look that some girl (presumably my first crush) gave me when I rejected her for no reason other than to selfishly protect myself.

At that moment I began to float. The little neighborhood with its lovely landscaping and expertly crafted old homes begin to slowly fall away. I drifted up and then towards my house. I landed and went through the front door.

The kitchen in this house was to the immediate left as upon entering the front door. To the right was the bonus room, or what might have become a family room.

Off to my left I saw one of my mother's friends uncovering dishes of food on the dining room table. It was a strange site but since I had just recently moved in to the new house it seemed to fit that they would have a surprise house warming party. I went into the kitchen to see who else might be here. Everyone in the room was looking down. My sister and her husband were there. My mother was leaning against the counter and holding a cup of coffee. She looked up at me, eyes red from having been crying, she said ""Charlie, he's..."" and resumed crying so hard she could not finish. She began to move towards me for a hug.

Charlie is not my name. The only Charlie in my family is my uncle on my mother's side. 

I held her not yet fully realizing what was happening. My mother was still crying but she finally let go and regained composure. She went about arranging the kitchen in a nervous fervor that was telling of her distress. I knew this had to be awful for her whatever it was. She was trying to carry on as if everything were normal in this kitchen. That someone would be using it in the morning and it needed straightening in order to be pleasing for the next person.

My mind was racing even faster at this point. ""Why did she call me Charlie?""

As I looked out into living room I saw a girl sitting on my couch. Her back was turned and all I could see was her hair. It was sandy blond, straight and well kept. The girl was crying and wiping her eyes with a crumpled tissue. She had friends with her too, but they looked as though they had no way to comfort her. 

I decided to walk into the living room. In my head I knew who this was but for some reason that was not why I was going into the living room. She didn't look up as I sat down in a chair across from her. 

""Rebecca?"" my mouth asked. I knew full well it was Rebecca, but my words made it sound as if I had never met her.  It took her a moment to look up between sobs but she asked how I knew 'him'. 

I woke up.

-----------------------------------------------------------
– Although in this case, I was dead as soon as I said “I’m going to kill myself.” I must have not realized it though, until I saw her. Isn’t that kind of peculiar? I know we all have heartbreak and my story is nothing special but the dream aspect is really interesting to me. Anyone have anything similar occur?

This really showed me the impact I would have on my family. Not only that but I realized that I often over think and over interpret situations to the point where I become jealous or angry over literally nothing. Even when it is over something tangible, it is usually something so far out of my grasp it isn’t worth the negative thoughts. 

It is eerily like the ghost of Christmas past, which I suppose is where the dream construct came from. Who knows? I stand by it though, this all happened. 

"
"I don't know what came over me. I went to a kegger last night at some people's house I don't know so I felt like I didn't belong. Then went to a strip club where one of my friend's roommates works and that's where I cut myself. Went into the bathroom, closed the stall, sliced my arm. Didn't realize the knife was as sharp as it was, it went in like my arm was a stick of butter. I did the wrong thing and told my best friend about it when we were leaving, she of course freaked and started asking around for a towel or something but I told her to shut up. 

Went home and my dad was on the couch making funny noises (to get my attention, I don't know, he's weird like that) but I told him to fuck off...and then broke down in tears. Showed him the cut, told him everything that's been bothering me. I just lost my health insurance so I can't go see a shrink (he said he's pay for it, but I already feel like I'm stealing from him, being a guy in his mid-20s still living with one of his parents) or a doctor for my troubles. I spent 2 hours talking to him, telling him I'm about to just give up on it all.

I'm not going to tell my life story on here because that's on my other post under this name, you can probably discern from that what you should tell me so I don't cut again right now. Right now I'm 50-50 on wanting to die right now and I don't know why.

**Update/Edit:** Spent most of the day in bed, not feeling like doing jack shit. I haven't talked to anyone IRL since last night and I have been stuck in my room. I am too embarrassed to talk about this to my dad. I know it tears him up inside that I cut myself last night. This isn't the first time I've done it. I've done it before in 12th grade and came very close to ending it all back then too. Ended up being committed to a psych ward which was alright but it was tough going back to school after everyone knew that I cut. I haven't eaten a damn thing today either, not sure if I can. 

All I've been doing is sitting here on my laptop looking at Reddit and Youtube videos with my knife [open like this](http://i.imgur.com/dI64Q.jpg). Yeah...the blood is still there. I haven't washed it off. 

I think actually browsing Reddit today helped me a bit, although /r/gonewild kinda let me down because it makes me feel like I'll never get a woman in my life in the condition I'm in. **So I unsubbed from it.** Got kind of tired of chicks saying, ""This is my first time, please be nice!"" If you're that fucking insecure about your looks, don't fucking post, because I don't want to see your goddess-like (or god awful) body on here. Plus, you're begging for upvotes, and every one I saw like that I downvoted.

Thanks to all who commented on this, it helped a bit. At first I was afraid someone would track down my IP like I've seen before on here, and next thing I know SWAT is outside my apartment door ready to knock it down. Sort of don't want to go out in a blaze of glory. Thanks for not doing that. And I'll think about the veteran thing Grayce pointed out below."
"I'm not entirely sure where to start. I don't think I'm as bad off that a lot of people post here, but I don't know. This seems like a decent place to turn to, so, I suppose it's worth a shot.

I am 21. Every day since I was at least 15, I have contemplating killing myself. I want to stress that that's not hyperbole. The first thing I think about when I wake up and the last thing I think about when I go to sleep is killing myself. I've had friends pull me aside after a long night drinking, because when I get drunk, I share these thoughts. I don't drink anymore.

I don't really know why I want to kill myself. I'd say that it's because I hate my life, which I usually do. But, even when I don't hate it, I think about it everyday. I have a few time periods of happiness from time to time, usually when I'm dating somebody I really care about, or when my friends are around a lot. But, I dunno, I still really want to do it. 

Has anybody else ever felt like this? It's really a heavy burden. I have made it a point to be an asshole and not get close to people, because I know one day, I'm going to do it. I don't want to hurt anymore people than is necessary. Did you ever find a way to stop it? I'm not really sure what else to say, so I'll respond to whatever. 

tldr: I really want to die and have for at least the past six years. I'm not going to do it tonight, tomorrow, or even next week, but I want to."
"What do you do when loneliness has a stranglehold on you?

When you don't have the aptitude for socialization that everyone else takes for granted?

When you come home alone from a party where everyone left paired up?

When confidence and strength of character are insufficient to overcome your social deficiencies?

When the only thing that you're good at keeps you confined to a computer desk, with no regular opportunities for socialization?

When most people that you meet find your true nature and personality abhorrent?

When your friends purposefully avoid you because you make their other friends uncomfortable?

When you have to drive more than 100 miles to see your only living relative?

What do you do?  How do you stop that feeling of suffocation?"
[removed]
"*not sure this is the right place to post but it's the first one that came to mind.  Please direct me to the correct subreddit if their is one*
I have a friend/acquaintance that I met through my moms church.  She is diagnosed as bi-polar.  She has tried to kill her self numerous times.  I'm just trying to figure out if there is anything more I can do.  I've let her know if she need to talk to someone, anytime, she can call me.  She does send me text messages every so often, just saying hi and asking me how I am doing.  I'll respond and be sure to ask her how she is doing.  She makes depressing posts on facebook often how she is tired and doesn't want to go on.  She has lots of friends on FB and everyone responds with kind words.  I guess my question is, is there anything more I can do for her?  Will it ever get better?  Can it?
"
"The only reason I haven't attempted yet is because I don't want to hurt others, but I don't know if that will last.

I'm a 17 year old male and the problems I'm having are more complex then I'll be able to articulate here.

I've been seeing a psychologist for a few weeks, but I don't think it's helping at all.

My main problem is a lack of understanding or feeling any emotions I have, so I end up faking almost every interaction I have with others. I've never truely felt anything for anyone, and I don't know why.

I feel nothing for my mother, sister or any family, nor do I feel anything for my ""friends"". 

The only thing I can sometimes feel is anger and a self-loathing of my lack of emotions...

I want to be happy and have relationships with these people, but I just can't and never really have.

I've only recently admitted to anyone about my problems, but most just seem to make it worse now. I had two friends that have tried to help, but they are fading away, too.

I just can't think of any reason for me to be alive anymore. But I haven't been able to attempt anything, yet...

I've always been a top student in school and I guess generally liked because of my act, but even that has been diminishing lately. My anxiety and stress over my loneliness and helplessness has started affecting my school work. 

I just don't care about anything anymore. Over the summer I had lost 30lbs in 2months, but now I can't motivate myself to exercise or eat right, along with the lack of motivation to do any work.

I just don't want to live in constant anxiety and loneliness anymore, but I don't know how to fix it."
"Hi reddit,

i've [posted a few months ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/bzj1c/why_not/) and just wanted to give you an update. **There's no danger**, so please don't worry. I really tried to get a better more livable life, but it just won't work. I know it's only been 4 months, but you have to take the 10 years before that into consideration.

I still have brutal headaches every single day. In the last 3 weeks they have been even worse, because i started a 20 week internship that every college student here has to go through. Being very close to people every day for 9hours is horrible for me. The constant ""do they think i'm stupid?"", ""what did that strange look mean?"", etc. drives me insane. I just can't concentrate and pretty much stare at program code for 8 hours without being able to read/comprehend anything.

I tried pretty much everything you people told me to do. I went to three new medical doctors and got my whole body checked and all 3 results showed nothing an unusual. I'm way healthier than most people at my age. Now that's some fucked up irony, huh? They gave me a bunch of different useless pain medications and the names of some psychologists that i already visited and one that i don't want to visit, because he has a horrible reputation.

I exercise again. I still run/swim/cycle for more than 10-20km two or three times a week and it doesn't help much. It relieves my headaches a little, but it's barely noticable.

I even tried massages for 3 months, twice a week.  It helped to make my wallet a lot lighter, but other than that it didn't do much good ;).

Between all that good and healthy stuff i had some fun and did whatever the hell i wanted to. Parachuting, driving to the Italy because a buddy wanted to camp and drink at the beach, riding rollercoasters in an amusement park on ecstasy and acid (holy fuck that was an experience!)... Believe it or not, i actually had a threesome on camera, if that counts as starring in a porno. That was all fun while it lasted, but the second i was lying in bed, it all was gone again. The insomnia is/was, as always there (5 hours of sleep in the last 4 days), and the next day was/is as horrible as always. Now i'm completely broke and the thought of going to another country right now is pretty much on hold. I'm stuck here for a long time.

As i've mentioned i started my internship and damn it makes me hate life even more. No matter how hard i try, i won't be able to do any kind of job to have a decent kind of living. It doesn't matter if it's freelancing or a regular job. Just the thought of something forcing me to work drives me insane. I know how stupid this sounds, but that's just the way it is and hey, it's my life.

I went back to the only medication that seems to help: weed. I'm high right now, because i'm sure this day would have ended bad without it. It's the first time in 4 months and damn it feels good. Most of the things i wrote have been written down before i got high, so please don't think it has anything to do with that. But you know what? My lawyer called a few days ago and told me i have to be in court in a couple of weeks and he's guessing i have to do regular drug tests and pay a hefty fine! This is such a fucking joke. I will need to get a second job just so i can pay the huge fine for the unbelievable crime of smoking and owning a plant, that is harmless when compared to alcohol and cigarettes, in the comfort of my own home. No growing, no selling, just smoking and owning around 3gram of weed. Fuck that, seriously. There's no way i'm gonna pay and support that corrupt, idiotic system. But of course that's not all. They will bully me on a regular basis with their drug tests and if there's even a slight discrepancy i will lose my driver's license.

My ""friends"" are pretty much gone. We had some small adventures in the last 4 months, but after trying again and again i realized i couldn't have a serious conversation with them and pretty much stopped talking to them. It's better that way.

Last but not least, i talked to my sister. She had holidays for 4 weeks and it was a ""good"" timing. She was not as shocked as i suspected her to be. She knows i've been in pain every single day for such a long time. We talked for a long time and both cried, but at the end she understood it, at least to the point where i know she could handle it. She doesn't want me to see unhappy, in pain and struggle every single day. She said if it is the only way i can be ""happy"", she won't stand in my way.  It was so horrible to talk with her about all of that, but it looks like she knew how desperate i was and why i turned to her with such a horrible thing.

I know how i would do it. I already tried it on on some different materials and even metal burned away like it was paper. I'm guessing the only thing that will be left of me are some really small chunks of burned teeth... scattered across a huge area. There's no way anyone would stumble upon anything of my body. That takes care of the problem that somebody could find my body and be scarred for live. I'm almost a bit proud of my contraption. Wow, that's a morbid thing to say... :D

I still can't think of a reason why i should stay alive. There's really nothing keeping me alive anymore. Thanks for reading all that stuff. You people are awesome. I've said it at the beginning of this post and i'll say it again: there's no danger of me killing myself, so please don't worry. I just needed to get these things off my chest again.

Time to go to bed now. I'm not sure if i'll be able to answer tomorrow, because i have to work late."
"i've posted here before.  what i need to be doing is my homework but i am overwhelmed with negative voices and racing thoughts.  i feel it is just a matter of time before i die by suicide.  my 30th birthday is approaching and i'm not sure i want to live to see 30, given so little that i have accomplished.  i'm incredibly depressed and disoriented.  my boyfriend showed up last night to take care of me.  i don't remember him coming over, just waking up next to him.  i don't want to be his pity case, but on the other hand i don't want to hide all the crazy destructive thoughts going though my head.  i don't want to kill myself at this moment, but i feel the urge building and i don't know how to stop it.  i am hiding out in my room hoping no one will talk to me.  everything inside is fragmented.  i am embarassed to be myself.  so ashamed it makes me want to die.  if i have lived a fucked up life until almost-30, how can i possibly catch up with all the people who have been functioning all along.

i just want to know how to make friends.  but who wants to be friends with a broken person?  

every passing moment males me more upset amd mpre insane.  it's hopeless.  the voices are winning.  if i am going to die by suicide eventually, then why wait?"
"Hey guys, I guess i just want to get this off my chest and there doesn't seem to be anyone I can talk to in my life that can help me. So just a little backstory, a few months ago I had the delight of going to the olympics with a friend thanks to my mom as well as my sister and her friend. The experience was fantastic and I got to know my sisters friend and she turned out to be amazing. We continued seeing each other after the olympics just as friends (She was dating at the time). Anyways after awhile she broke up with her boyfriend (Completely unrelated to me and I'd rather not disclose why), and we started to get even closer. Thats about the time the friend I brought to the olympics, a guy I trusted, tried his damn best to humiliate me and make a move on her and when he failed to humiliate me he then went around to all of his friends (my friends too) and started spreading rumours and twisting the event into his favour. Thats the last time I've ever went over to a friends house or had a friend over excluding the girl, plus almost all of them now either don't talk to me or they treat me like a leper. Well after that I got even closer to the girl and we spent quite a few nights together and despite losing most of my friends it was one of the best times in my life (I'm not attracted to most women, I love personality not looks). However over time she started growing distant and I got more depressed because of that and the fact that I was getting incredibly lonely. Now I only see her if I'm lucky once a week while she's started seeing the guy that screwed me over more and more....I know i should just get over her but I can't get her out of my head, I care for her like no other and truthfully she's the only person I could say I've ever loved (Includes family members). Anyways to add on to that I've lived in an abusive family my whole life, I've been backstabbed by friends before resulting in total loss of social life and a steep depression when i was in grade 7 (I very nearly committed suicide back then, I had tied a rope and everything). My father was verbally abusive and physically intimidating and an alcoholic and my mother rejected me to protect my older sister from him. They are now separated and both have said at least once that I was the cause of the separation. Also around 3 years ago I developed an itch that became terrible during the night causing loss of sleep ever since, only last january was it finally diagnosed as Lichen Chronicus Simplex, a rare skin disorder. I've gotten slightly better but it's up and down right now and as a side effect of this condition I lost my job and had to drop out of my rugby club because I simply had no energy. So yeah I guess to sum it up right now I have very few friends, a rare skin disorder that makes me incredibly unconfident at getting a new job or participating in sports, a girl who I'm crazy about but shes rejecting me for the guy that stabbed me in the back, I'm nearly broke and I have no secondary education. I used to think suicide was the ultimate selfish act (Prevented me from doing it in seventh grade) but lately I've been thinking how nice it would be just to overdose on the sleeping pills I have or to attempt hanging myself again. I'm sorry I really rambled on and was all over the place but its just like my thoughts right now, all jumbled up :(. Thanks for reading"
"i'm not suicidal. i hope you don't mind. i used to cut when i was younger. i stopped about five years ago. the last couple months have been really hard. i made a bad mistake with some unpleasant consequences. i've been thinking about cutting again. i'm starting to think about it a lot more than i can handle. i just spent two hours in bed thinking about how i would do it. what i would use, where i would cut. what it would feel like.

it isn't a habit i want to go back to. i've been trying to distract myself with other things, movies and games. i start feeling nervous and jumpy after a bit. when i think about cutting i calm down again.

i'd pop a pill and try to ride it out until my psych appointment next week but i need to stay somewhat functional. i'm not sure i can make it. if anyones got advice it would help a lot."
"I just wanted to post here and let you guys know that I've been doing a lot better as far as my depression and girlfriend issues. I think I deleted my old post if you were going to look it up... and it's not a story worth retelling here. But I used to be pretty bad and I just wanted to tell you I had one of the best nights of my life tonight. I truly enjoy life and am living it up now. Any of you guys that are feeling depressed like I once was I have one thing to tell you: Just live it up! Make the best out of what you have! I know it's so, so hard, I've been there, but I feel like I've gotten passed the wall and i KNOW anyone else can if I have. And I couldn't have started without a boost from reddit. Thanks guys! :D"
"About a month ago, I was diagnosed with an incurable STD but haven't told anyone close to me - the only person who knows is the doctor I suppose. I will never be able to lead a patently ""normal"" life again. I'm extraordinarily afraid of telling my friends or family because STDs are the butt of so many social jokes (""what a slut - she had the clap"" ""that guy looks so grimy you could get AIDS from just shaking his hand"" etc) and is the object of so much stigma.

I won't be able to have sex again without a risk of infecting my partner, and this is weighing really heavily on me because the diagnosis coincided with my senior year in college... I've been getting much more interest from women than ever before and there's alot of pressure from my friends and peer group more generally to get laid etc. So far I've been coming up with excuses, acting uninterested in girls, all to avoid transmitting this shit to some other sorry SOB

My entire life I've been a really social, happy, and successful guy. I have a great relationship with my family and friends... but I simply can't see myself coming back from this one"
"I really don't know where to begin. I've een struggling with this my entire life. I've been here before. I've been unable to come up with a response to the question ""why should I keep going?"" and this is when it starts to get really difficult. 

I've been alone, more or less, my entire life. Parents were working professionals (I feel like they were never around). Separated when I was 8, ugly divorce. My dad wasn't very good at being a father. I wasn't... and am not... good at being emotionally attached to anyone, though family's been my only real example. 

I was ostracized for my intelligence and religion when I was young. We moved to a city heavily populated by Jews when I was 13 but I never fit in all too well. I guess because I didn't grow up there.

I didn't have an actual friend until 18. 

I started smoking pot regularly at 16. That lasted until about a year ago. (7 years or so).

I didn't care about scholastic endeavors. They said I had ADHD. I was treated for it (and depression) from age 6 until I said 'no more' at 16. Overbearing psychologist mother pushed it on me. 

I did a year at a community college then transferred out of state (trying to get away) to a 4 year. I failed out after the year. Didn't go to class. There's a myriad of reasons as to why. 

Now I live at home again, at 24. I have a deadend office job. No benefits, no potential for job improvement, nothing helpful other than the meager living it allows me to eke out. 

Still haven't actually been on a date. 

No self-esteem left anymore, but I don't see just cause to have any either. I don't remember what it's like not to have social anxiety. 

I go out on the weekends with some people I went to high school with. I get far too drunk and spend far too much money. I hate myself for it, but then I feel okay when it's actually happening. They all think everything is a-okay in my world. 

The pain doesn't stop. It hasn't yet. The bad memories don't stop. Bad  decisions playing ad nauseam in my head. Regret. Inability to function as a normal human being. Unachieved supposed potential. 

And I... I just don't want anything to do with this anymore. I'm tired of it. There's nothing actually fun about any of it. Everything... Every aspect of my life is in the gutter, and I don't know the first thing about how to act or what to do or how to fix it. And honestly, I don't know if I even want to anymore. 

I want there to be someone that I can care about, that actually cares about me. Someone that can get the real me in toto. No facade, no shell, no wall. Just me. 


I just want the pain to stop. And I don't want to be alone anymore. "
"I'm in an abusive, unhealthy, actually toxic's the right word here, relationship.  I have enough debt to cause any sensible person to file bankruptcy. I spend my days in a black funk mentally writing suicide notes, but can't really get around to offing myself. 

Having said all that I'm professionally successful enough that I feel I can't, shouldn't complain about anything.  Just suck it up and keep on plodding through life miserable, depressed and despite being married alone.

I'm a little concerned now because I'm probably on my last legs at work - my old boss finally forced me to transfer out of his group and although I'm doing better in my new job that's only because comparatively I did nothing in the old one; I wouldn't say I've returned to my old self and do good work now.  In fact it's really the only aspect of my life where I feel any control, so I probably fark around on reddit too much because at least it is a choice.

LOL. I don't know that anyone knows what to do with that screed, I don't either.
"
"I'm in a bit of a weird one; someone I've known for years over the internet is telling me they are right on the edge. They don't have a knife or anything but they claim living is constantly painful and the last conversation we had was me convincing them their life was worth working through.

This person was in love with another person who actually *did* take their own life, sending my friend into this tailspin. Thing is, I'm pretty far away and this person is years younger than me, I'm not sure what I can really do to help.

Is there anything or anyone I can refer them to that will help?"
"**couple days later edit:** still feel like shit but I think I'll live through the weekend. thanks everyone. I'd recommend to anyone who finds themselves in my shoes this: go see a friend you haven't seen in a while. some old friends of mine didn't say anything, but seemed to know something was up and did their best to get me back to normal :)

**edit:** i don't even know why I posted this. thanks for trying to help.

I mean I've got a nice job now it's okay I'm posting from work right now but my life seems devoid of any and all meaning. my job feels largely unfulfilling as I work at a shitty hourly rate for the sole purpose of making my boss money. my hours are cut every week to ensure I receive no overtime pay, another little cut on my ego, despite the fact that others are paid much (, much) more to do the same job

that kinda bothers me but I really just want someone to hold me, to talk to me. I recently tried opening up to some friends of friends a bit more, inviting them places, trying to get to know someone well enough to trust them, but it seems like nobody really wants to get close to me. sure, a drink or two is cool, but I feel like I need so much more than that. 

I constantly think about what my life could have been had I not dropped out of college and lost the love of my life. it beats me down every fucking day. right now, I could be in a different city with a different job and a beautiful wife. but I'm not. I never will be. I was in a car accident/suicide attempt a couple years ago that left me with a bit of brain damage-- it's extremely difficult to pick up new concepts or lessons now, I'm a fraction of what I once was. I've been putting off taking school seriously because no one else knows this. I feel like ending it soon would save me another lifetime of pain and loneliness. 

another thing that may be worth mentioning is the fact that I drink everyday at least three or four beers it numbs me a bit and keeps me from thinking too much, but that's normal at my age right? (22)"
"Hello good people of reddit and SW,

This is attempt number four at trying to write this topic. I'm writing  here because I feel I'm ready to end my life soon. I'm so freaking tired of feeling empty and bored. Nothing interests me and even if someone or something does pique my curiosity, apathy comes out the winner every single time. I have been almost completely inactive in all fields of life for the past 3 years. I would say the last 6 years, but the situation got to where it is in the beginning of the university (which was 3 years ago).

It wasn't anything new for me to constantly feel down and unhappy, uninterested in everything. It started weighing me down heavily when  I went to the university where I was completely unable to make any friends or motivate myself to study. It's hard finding any motivation when your mind keeps saying ""Don't worry, it doesn't matter since you'll be dead soon anyway"". 

I had promised myself to end it after high school, but I figured maybe a new start in a new town in the university could do me some good.. Turns out it was a tremendous waste of time, energy and my parents' money. Since I'm not from a wealthy family, not by a long shot, the guilt over this is adding to the already poisonous mix of emotions.

On the better days looking to the future always made me a little more happy and hopeful, but those days have long gone. After the last semester, apathy ruled supreme and I didn't even study for the exams.    Obviously I failed them. I thought I'd start therapy and start anew in another field in the autumn. My hope for a second chance was crushed  so I figured, I'd go until the end of the summer.. Now the summer is over, the next semester has started and I plan to commit suicide before I need to pay the tuition. Rational side of my brain says they can at least use the money for the funeral..

.. however I really do not want to cause this pain to my family, especially my sister. My mother is having a hard time as it is, and having a weak and unstable psyche, this will be truly awful. That is my biggest fear, I just can't bare the thought of putting my loved ones through this hell. However, with my lifestyle and health, I'm bound to live unhappily for at least another 20 years (and if a heart attack or a stroke won't get me, then 40). Their combined grief doesn't come close to that in terms of units of time. 

As far as friends go, I suppose I have been semi-intentionally distancing myself from them for years now. I still go to parties and other social events. I make people laugh, I'm the spirit of the company a lot of the time.. I always put on this fake happy facade while I'm so terribly bored and tired. The only time this front broke down was the party where we celebrated the summer's end. And only one person assumed I was feeling down, everyone else thought I was simply lost in thought. So well have I deceived them.. I have never spoken to anyone how I feel and what's going on in my mind. Coming up with shallow useless chitchat and jokes is easy to keep them entertained. God help them if anyone even once bothered to ask how I was doing. Why I typed the last sentence, I don't even know. I am completely incapable of saying anything about how I feel anyway. I've always considered my worries my burden to bear alone.

I am tired of living. I don't see any reason to continue. 10 minutes of pain it would take me to suffocate while hanging from a rope as opposed to a lifetime's worth of unhappiness and ennui? Seems like a fair trade. The chances of me seeing a therapist or talking to anyone are.. well look at it this way: it took me 4 attempts to write a post here.. a really general post, anonymously.. I feel there's no way I will talk myself out of it this time (I've hit this low once before, last year), at least I gave life one final chance on the Internet."
I feel like by existing in the system I am legitimizing it. Does anyone else get suicidal urges from non-personal issues? Or am I just purposely ignoring the other things wrong in my life?
I'm 16 and have not had a friend since I was 7. I've sort of given up on having friends at this point. Has anyone else felt this way before?
"I just don't know anymore. I feel like suicide is inevitable for me now, I just can't stop thinking about it.

For some reason, I can't forgive myself for being a fool in the past and blowing key opportunities. I've pushed away all of my friends and anyone else who ever cared about me--leaving me alone. And I've lost the ability to make new ones. Part of me thinks I'm trying to punish myself for being such a shithead all my life. To my family and friends... 

I wasted my life, but I take full responsibility. My question is, how do I get my affairs in order? I need to leave a note (especially for my mom, since I'm her only child)... (that especially bothers me because she's a nurse in a nursing home and I always vowed that I couldn't let her spend her whole life in one after working there her whole life). And leave some advice for my younger brother... I don't know, i'm rambling again. 

Can someone who's dealt with a suicide help me?"
"I live in the UK, and a friend of mine tried to OD last week, she was admitted to hospital but was released the next day, she told them that it was accidental but I know it wasn't.

I am not one of her closest friends but I am close friends with her close friends (if that makes sense) and they don't seem to be doing anything about it. I've asked if they've found her professional help but they say they don't want to push her into anything... this sound off to me, she tried to kill herself, surely she needs help whether she thinks she wants it or not? Any advice??
"
"I am in love with this girl. We've been dating for two years, but as it turns out; she's liked this other guy for the entire two years. She recently got really attractive (lost weight, dyed hair, new style) and that guy took notice. She cheated on me with him and left me for him. I can't live without her. I don't even remember what life was like before I met her. I'm falling way, way behind on my online classes. I can't stop crying. I've been binging on drugs and alcohol for a week now. I'm so lost.

I'm on anti-depressants and I think that's contributing to my suicidal thoughts. They've been giving me a rash, and making it hard to breath. It's seriously all getting to me too much.

The only thing that's keeping me from ending it is my cat, Crash. When she was born we took her and one of her sisters home. Her sister died and Crash got really depressed. She hid under a table for months. We got another cat, Rudy, and him and Crash became best friends. Rudy died, and Crash got depressed again. Then we got one more, they became friends, other cat runs away, sad Crash. Now we have another cat, Griffin. Crash refuses to be friends with Griffin. I'm the only thing Crash cares about. She follows me around everywhere, and tries to ""protect"" me from other people.

I love that cat more than my own life.

I can't die before Crash, I just can't. Now Crash is dying and I'm wondering what reason I'll have anymore. "
"Hi, I’m not the typical original poster on this subreddit but I felt my thoughts might be worth sharing.

When started university in 2004 I had the honour of meeting my dear friend Kratoz. He was actually the one that introduced me to reddit. It is a funny story  which started with him calling me saying “Want free drinks tonight?” and ended with me doing jager bombs with Alexis at the Madison in Toronto. 

Kratoz changed my life and the lives of many others positivity. He encouraged me to think through my viewpoints rationally and set admiral goals. He would give thoughtful gifts and advice. He would recommend movies and books after extensive research. He would perfect my grammar. He primed me up for the conversation where I told my parents I was gay. He would even lend his van to myself and his friends when they needed it. (To the point the van had established it’s a twitter account.)

He was very open about his depression to the ones that he was close to him. He once even reached out on this subreddit (http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/9vpox/when_do_you_stop_trying/).  It was something he battled with absolute courage and we always looked up to him for that.

One day I hadn’t heard from him. No one had so I went to his house and into his room. I found that he had taken his life, it was gross. Upon finding my friend it’s like God pressed play on my life. I did everything the way I was supposed to, I called 911, dealt with the police, told his close friends who weren’t there, his boyfriend, his mentors at university, his former boss, and countless others.

My house became a place of mourning filled with people staying until 4am two nights in a row. It was filled with flowers, photographs, tiny sandwiches on platters and lots of love. These people weren’t Kratoz’s extended family they were the people that were touched by Kratoz through his activities at school and in life. People that admired and respected him, loved him, debated with him and taught him.

Today I’m left just missing his smile and charm and witty banter.

The hardest moments have been supporting his Mother and Father. Who I’m sure felt helpless throughout the years watching their son fight this battle. I feel really close to them now. I am reminded of Kratoz when I talk to them in person, if I squint my eyes hard enough with the two of them standing next to each other what I see reminds me of Kratoz.

What I have to say is essentially, don’t give up. Use every ounce of self control to make healthy life decisions to will improve your condition. It may seem insurmountable but hey so seemed traveling to the moon. You might not see it or feel it at times, but there is so much compassion contained in the ones around you. I’m bet Kratoz would have thought no more than 20 people would be mourning his death, I don’t think he realized that at the service we held it was over 250. 

Narwhal, (Kratoz liked that word, so I'm going to use it too)
"
"My life's been taking a huge turn for the worse lately. It's always been like this, but now it just seems to be one thing after another after another, with no good sprinkled into it. For years, I could deal with a lot of things that happened, because they were my fault. Now things are completely out of my control and I don't know what to do.

I'm a full-time college student, doing 15 credit hours. It's not even a month into the semester and I'm already as stressed as ever. I had to drop my part-time job because I just don't have time to worry about it. Even when I had it, they would give me maybe four hours a week. I can't find work anywhere. I tried to work and be a full-time student last semester, and it ended up messing my grades up horribly. I'd drop down to two classes, so a job would be feasible, but then I wouldn't get any of my grants.. my grants are what pay for my tuition, and what help me live during the semester.

My mother just entered the hospital for the fifth time in the past two months. She has COPD, and it's progressing rapidly. She can barely breathe, even with all of the medications they have had her on at home/have her on at the hospital. I spend a lot of my time worrying about her, bringing her what she needs, and trying to figure out what I'm going to do when she eventually passes. Everyone keeps telling me to be optimistic, but this is incredibly difficult for me. My great-aunt went through the exact same things right before she passed, and with those memories flooding back, it's hard for me to not wonder if this could be the last trip to the hospital for her. Because of me being in school full-time, she's been working and paying the bills for us until my grants/loans come in. She was supposed to go back to work on the 8th of September, but since she's in the hospital, that's a no-go. She can't work at all. I got a call from her and her doctors today, and she'll need to go on disability, because her condition is deteriorating.

I have no other family. None. Most of my mother's family is dead or across the country/in another country, and my father and his family wish no good towards me. When my mom's gone, that's it. I can't even bring myself to show my mom that much affection, because my childhood was horrible. I think of the things I was put through by both of my parents, and I try to be affectionate to her, but the most I can ever muster is an ""I love you"". We were always one of those families that said, ""I love you"" a lot, because there was no other affection. 

I'm $1300 behind on my rent. Three months. I was supposed to pay my landlord on the 9th, but my college changed the disbursement dates of my loans, and I don't get anything credited to my account until /MAYBE/ the 16th of this month. I know it's just a week, but to my landlord, after 3 months of hearing ""I'll have it soon"", it's not just a week. 

I've been feeling nothing but depression for the last three months. I try to be happy, and it just doesn't work. I've battled depression, anxiety, and PTSD since I was around 11 years old. Things get worse, then they get better.. but now, it seems they're just getting worse. I'm not sure if I'm suicidal. I know I've been cutting a lot more than I ever have. It makes me feel something, anything. I think about just going ahead with it and killing myself a lot, but I can never bring myself to do it. Maybe that's a good thing. I have cats to look after. 

I posted this to SW because even though I'm not actively suicidal, I have been, and I might be, and I need advice. Usually, I give advice here on SW. Never thought I'd be posting asking for it.

Thank you, all of you. "
"I've considered writing here before, so I suppose I should just do it before I convince myself to delete this. 

reddit, I'm sick of this feeling. This crushing feeling of hopelessness that overwhelms my life. Over the past months, I've just been seeing less and less that life has to offer, and the thoughts are starting to actually scare me. I've always thought about suicide, never really got past any thinking part, really, but still the thought has always been in the back of my head for years now.

Also, I've never been a self motivated person in the slightest, and now that I'm going to college, all I feel is stress from others, and from myself to actually succeed in school, unlike every other time in my life. I have hardly a will to go to school, let alone really give it my all.

What (may or may not) makes things worse, is that I know that I have people that I can talk to about things. People that won't judge me, and who I can talk to. But I get to a point in my thinking where I convince myself that they hate hearing about my stupid problems, and when I really need someone to talk to, those are the times when its the hardest to reach out for help.

I'm sick of feeling alone reddit. I'm sick of pushing people away due to fear, only after getting attached to them. I'm sick of love, and not knowing what to do. I'm sick of being destroyed by love, yet desiring it so badly. I'm sick of being ignored or friendzoned by every girl that I know, or simply not knowing how they feel and having too much fear to actually go about asking them. I'm just sick of everything

I just don't know anymore.  

PS. Sorry if this doesn't make sense. Its 3am and mentally I don't want to proof read it. "
"Hi

I have never posted in this subreddit before, never even came across it except by accident a day ago, when it attracted me because of what I was feeling.

Just wanted to say that the stories and advice in here kept me busy and occupied so that I felt strong enough to continue rather than simply focused on my thoughts and feelings. And then a miracle (in a non-religious sense) arrived out of the blue.

It is entirely possible that, but for this subreddit, my life could have been significantly shorter.

Thank you."
"I just want to scream this at my family and ""friends"". This line has been running through my head over and over the last week. I've seriously attempted before, so I know just how close I am to actually doing it again. Everything feels so fucked up right now. There is just no way for you to just say you have needs without looking like some sort of attention whore. I've been seeking help from just about everywhere and I can't seem to get anything that could give me a reason to still go on with all this bullshit."
" As people it is our arrogant attempt to think we can change anything-  ""we can't""  

One's life is one's life  ""RIGHT""?  So why do people try and stop people from doing what they want with it?  Once again people trying to control others...

We will try and stop someone from jumping off a building but will not give food to a hungry person..... I just don't get it...  Oh I could go on and on and on...  "
"I feel kind of like shit for posting. I have a great family, a girlfriend (long-distance) who loves me, a good degree from a very good school, and have just started an amazing job.

This is where things get bad.  My job is in finance.  That will be important later.  A few years ago, just after I had finished my first year at school, I was at campus for summer classes.  In the bookshop I bought some books and things, and then sat down to read as I had a lot of time before my next class.  During that time, I decided to read some other books I saw on nearby shelves.  About an hour later, I realized that I'd be late.  I hastily grabbed all my things and left quickly.  Just after leaving a store employee asked me to come back inside, where he pointed out I didn't have receipts for my things.  I apologized, handed everything over, then went to class.  A little later, I was informed that I'd be charged with petty larceny.  A lawyer got me into a pretrial diversion and then the charges were dismissed.

I didn't think any of this mattered, until this summer when I had to pass a background check for work.  I did pass, but the whole summer I spent drank heavily and sat on a couch/bed freaking out.  Once I passed, I thought everything was great.  Unfortunately, today I found out that I need to take some exams (7, 63, 86/87) for work.  On the application I have to disclose convictions (officially none because of expungement), and also charges. Which is awful.  From hunting around online I've read various accounts which say that a) I can definitely get the license, no problem, and b) I can definitely be fired for disclosing the charge due to company policy.

Since I got home I've barely been able to breathe.  I struggled with depression in HS, college, and this summer, but for the past month I've been on the top of the world.  Today I can barely talk. I've been lying on my couch staring at my ceiling pipes (13ft high) and imagining myself hanging from them.

If I'm fired I'm not only unemployed in a strange city in an expensive apartment, but also probably barred from finance, which is really the only thing in the world I've ever thought was interesting.  I've been doing problems out of my corporate finance textbook to try to calm down.  I've been thinking about calling everyone to say sorry.  I've been imagining what I'd look like dead."
"My girlfriend has been depressed for about 1.5 years. She sometimes -- usually in bouts of sadness/anger about school -- will say things like:

""fucking kill myself""
""want to run away and never be found""
""buy me a gun so I can shoot myself""
""crawl into a hole and die""

Now, a lot of it is hyperbole. But I still don't know how to approach this. I can assure you she wouldn't kill herself and isn't actually suicidal (famous words, I'm sure you'll tell me) because she truly does have a lot of great things going for her (we have a very good relationship, and her parents just bought her a new place to live in, for example).

Still, the language upsets me, because it conveys to me just how destitute she feels. What should I do?"
I wish I was dead
"More dysthemic than full on depressed. I'm not close to suicide, and doubt I'd have the courage even if I were, but I do think about it often. 

Not really sure why I'm posting. Looking through responses to other people's posts, there's little you can say that I haven't already considered myself.  Just something to do when I can't fall asleep, I suppose.    "
"Hey, everybody. My big brother was a troubled guy. He was really my half brother, we had different mothers, and he was abandoned by his when he was about five years old. My dad was always a bit of an authoritarian and dealt with by brother's acting out with the iron fist of moderate abuse. My brother was in and out of various institutions throughout his childhood and was usually violent and mercurial. When he was seventeen my mother kicked him out of the house. None of us were able to see the obvious (well, they're obvious to us now) signs of mental disorder in his violent mood swings or in his incredibly dirty living space. By then my dad was in Italy with his new wife and daughter. My brother, living with friends or on the streets, broke into an old lady's house and stole what looked most valuable. Unfortunately it was an urn with her late husband's remains inside. When he was caught he was sentenced to twelve years in maximum security prison. Seventeen years old and already a felon. By the time he was out on parole his life was changed forever. He lived with us again and, at twenty three, still had most of the same problems he had before. He started seeing my best friend's sister, also a troubled soul with a history of familial abuse. They all moved to a small farm in east Texas where they seemed to be happy. Unfortunately, my brother was unable to make it back to our hometown for his monthly meeting with his parole officer. He called my mom and asked he to get in touch with the P.O. to find a way for him to make it at a later date. She took the opportunity to yell at him for being irresponsible but she also said she would see what she could do. The next day she had everything cleared up but there was no way to call or notify my brother. That night he and his girlfriend drove to a small lake on the Texas/Oklahoma border with some blankets, candles and a thirty-aught-six hunting rifle. They parked the car, laid out the blankets next to the car and arranged the candles in a circle around them. They stripped. He laid on his back and she laid on top of him. They put their heads next to each other and she, with the rifle butt propped against the car tire and the barrel against the side of her head, pulled the trigger and ended both their lives at the same time. Strangest of all, though, is that we received a letter from my brother the next day, only an hour after we found out they had killed themselves, saying that life was great, he and his girlfriend were happy and she was two months pregnant. Because of the nature of the scene and their suicide notes (they both suggested their souls would be forever intertwined in the afterlife) the police and newspaper in my west Texas town suggested they were satanists. The whole thing was a gigantic, sad clusterfuck and it left my family completely devastated. I was seventeen when this happened and it wasn't until two years ago, at the age of thirty, that I was able to start finding some sort of meaning in life again.

I'm not going to tell you to not commit suicide if that's what you want. It's a really hard life and I've certainly had my darker moments when I thought it might just be easier to not live it anymore. I'm not going to try to tell you that everything will be okay. It might not. Hell, I don't know that I have anything to tell you except for what happened.

Anyway, anyone in New York know of any good support groups for survivors? I think I could do with talking to some people who share a common tragedy and I'm finally old and developed enough that it might do me some good."
"Whenever I'm down, this quote makes me realize just how bat-shit insanely unlikely it is that I am, at this very moment, alive. 

""**We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born.** The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day out number the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts includes greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. **In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.""**

-- Richard Dawkins"
"I very suicidal, but I'm also specially trained to handle suicidal patients.  I know how to council them, what to watch out for, and all the resources to point them to.  The problem is that I work at the main place, in my area, that could help me.  Also I would have to travel pretty far to go to a place where I don't know anybody, on a professional level, that could help me.  

I fear that if I did go in for help, after I was stabilized and got the help I needed, that I would be some embarrassed and looked down upon that I'd have to totally change my career choices.  I have a BS in psychology and a BSN in nursing.

I'm considering travelling to get help, but that's a whole different set of issues.   "
"I've recently realized I'm not gonna do myself in.... I've fantasized a lot about suicide, but never actually done it (obviously), even though I've had the means. I've sat in my bath tub with a razor, too afraid to cut my wrists, climbed a building once only to find that I was too afraid to jump off. Last weekend I even dragged my grill into my room but was too afraid to dump the coals in and light it. I guess what I'm getting at is that I know I'm not actually gonna kill myself... but what now? Is there any help for the fact that I despise life and wish I could just stop living? I've been all emo tonight, and I'm sitting at home drinking, surfing the internet. I've been trying to listen to songs that kind of fit the mood, but have a positive enough meaning for me to keep going. My suicidal tendencies go back several years... I kind of feel like if this is how it's going to be, I might as well do my best to muster up the courage and off myself... Not really, but what do you do when you've overcome the urge? What makes it worth it to keep going? I'm looking for anything; advice, anecdotes, even a youtube video or song that can make me feel a little better for a little bit.

Thanks guys."
"I've written this post on several throwaway accounts before. I could never bring myself to post it. Even though I'm not sharing anything identifiable, I've been too personally embarrassed to bring myself to talk about this.

A little about me. I'm 22. Male. I'm supporting a family of four, none of which are my children. I'm paying practically everything for my disabled mother, my younger brother, and my 6 year old sister. I don't have the highest paying job, and what I do make is simply not enough. I haven't been caught up on my bills since I was 17 and had my first job. Everybody is calling me for money. My gas, water, and electric are constantly being turned off because I chose food over utilities. If they're not turning something off, then they're knocking quietly at the door at 7AM each morning trying to do so. Most of them will no longer accept payment arrangements from me because of the frequency at which I make arrangements, and then cannot follow up on them.

I've been in a state of constant depression for several years. Several weeks ago, in a fit of rage, I ended up managing to get myself a speeding ticket on my way to work; another $200 I can't afford, on top of my car payment due tomorrow, and maybe at some point turning my phone back on which was cut off this morning.

I've been working as much overtime as my employer will legally allow (12-hour shifts, 6 days a week) for months. I'm still not making enough. I don't have the skills to make more.

Aside from depression, I suspect that I may have more sever psychological issues. I'm certain that I have antisocial personality disorder, because the only time I can ever feel sadness is when it's selfishly about myself. Otherwise, I'm constantly feeling a blinding rage. I can't see a doctor to get myself checked out or prescribed anything to make me feel better, because I can't afford insurance (I intentionally opted out when offered, because I need every penny from my checks). This fact does not make the situation any easier to bear. In fact, there have been times where I've seriously considered the possibility that I may have gone all the way through life being slightly retarded and nobody ever caught on.

I put on a happy face at work. I laugh, I tell jokes. But inside, I'm more distracted by how much I wish a plane would crash into the building and take me out without me even having time to panic. My coworkers have no idea what's going on in my life. I'm constantly turning down going out for drinks. Always. I've not hung out with anybody outside of work for over a year, because I can never afford to do anything but work.

Even though I'm eating as little as I can (not on a diet, I simply can't afford to eat), I'm gaining weight. I've managed to put on a good 50 lbs this year alone.

I'm getting little sleep anymore. For a few months I'd venture a high estimate of three hours per night. Because of this, I've had crippling headaches that haven't gone away in months, and have developed into an eye-twitching that has lasted two weeks straight now. I can't even focus at work anymore. Just today my manager reviewed my stats with me and I've now been placed on a warning, and am at risk of being fired from what is sadly the best-paying job I've ever had.

For a few weeks, I've been on the verge of doing it. It's been something that I've not just been considering as a need, but a *want*. I just can't take this anymore. I'm running out of options. It's at the point now where my family is going to local churches to get free food and clothing. We're having to sift through moldy bread to find something to make sandwiches with. My house is falling apart (literally; there are holes in the floors that go straight down into the crawlspace all throughout my house), my car is in disrepair, and every single thing that can be broken is. I'm stealing food from the fridge at work just so I can have a Hot Pocket for my meal of the day.

I'm just sick of this. I know I'm not a great person. In fact, I'm a shitty person. I have no problem admitting this. I work customer service jobs because I enjoy avoiding possible solutions to problems, so I can hear somebody else feel pain. It's not even about sharing my pain; I just want, deep down, to make other people miserable, and I don't know why I do this. I distanced myself from the only girl I ever loved and ended up pushing her to run off with some guy who got her pregnant almost instantly. I don't talk to any of my family; my grandmother had a stroke about a year ago and I've only talked to her twice. I hate every single person in my life, almost as much as I hate myself.

I know that I've brought this all upon myself, and I continue to do so because for some reason, I've spent my entire life being a glutton for punishment. I can't change who I am; I've tried.

I can't think of any single reason to not kill myself anymore. I hate my family and have no problem leaving them to rot without any source of income. I hate my coworkers and they wouldn't miss me but for a few days until they found somebody else who understands the system as much as I do, and they can go ask them questions. I don't have any friends who wouldn't even see this coming and seem like they would care. I've put myself in a position in life that I don't even think I would have a funeral. I don't think anybody would show up if there were. Besides, I couldn't afford my own funeral, anyway.

And at the end of all of this, this wall of text, I don't even feel better getting this off my chest. In fact, I feel even worse than before now knowing exactly what I'm feeling, nice and orderly in text, instead of a jumbled mess of emotions that I can't even sort out.

And to top it all off, I don't think I could ever find the courage to do it. Even though right now it feels like the only thing I want to do. I can't bring myself to do it. I think the biggest reason why I can't do it is because I can't even afford a gun.

Seriously. Is there any reason for me to live? I don't love anybody anymore. I'll never love myself. I don't feel love from anybody around me and I hate being around them when they act like they do love me.

I'm fucking exhausted. That's what this is. That's the best way I can describe the way I feel about everything in my life right now. I'm tired. I want to be done."
"I used to be a paramedic, but I burned out in Jan. Haven't been able to find a real job since. I'm seeing a councilor for the burn out and the resulting depression. My social life is a train wreck, I'm having too much shame and depression to spend any time with my friends. When they tell me they are worried about me it just makes me feel worse. Found a few jobs in the past nine months, but they never work out, and by this point I don't even have a concept for what I can do for even just a few paychecks. Facing eviction at the end of the month, and I'm spending my days sending out resumes, and filling out applications for jobs that I thought were beneath me when I was 17. I feel like such a clown doing it. I'm not sleeping much anymore, and I wake up with stress headaches and nausea. Having fits of depression that are just savage in their intensity, my internal dialog is just all about tearing me down and beating the shit out of myself. It's been nine months, I tried a couple of different medications, but they just made things worse with all the side effects. Last session was bad, I didn't feel like I was offered any support or ideas, she just kept stressing that I have a choice. That's not really the issue, I'm not letting the depression enable anything, but I don't know how to turn it off. I can't seem to find any way of hurting less. After 9 months of this it's just getting worse. I'm growing concerned that I'm not going to be able to handle this for much longer, especially with circumstances always getting worse. I don't know what to do... "
"so i met this guy as a one time thing. And then I fell in love fast. Real fast. We shacked up but he has many others. Im just one of many. At first&lt; i thought I could handle it and I was willing to take 2 out of 3. But it gets hard to watch him having fun with other guys. 

 I am not sure why I chose to say goodbye here especially over something a teenage girl would cry about  but I guess this is it. I think this is from fight club but.. Its easy to die when you realize everything you ever loved with reject you or die. 

You know whats funny, he must have watched fight club too. Cause I said I got a stomach full of xanax and klonopin. He asked... So I guess you're staying in then?



For anyone who has ever felt love at first sight or something similar, this is for us. 
 
"
"I am on an ssri and I've been much better. I hadn't had panicattack in a month or so until last night. 

Last night was bad, I haven't been getting any decent amount of sleep all week and the one night I did go to bed at a good time I woke up suddenly at 630 am and couldn't remember anything. I am on lexapro so I shouldn't drink, but my friend has been bugging me to have a beer for ages so I gave in. Felt fine until I woke up the next day, felt dreamy after I woke up, pretty unpleasant not being able to remember going to bed. I later recalled everyhting but it still startled me.

Then last night I had one of the shitty panic attacks. Not the straightforward kind but one that makes the back of my neck/forehead burn and makes my gut feel awful for hours. I have conquered everyhting pretty much, but my mind makes up problems, last night I just felt like everything was kind of weird.

Now I am wondering if maybe my fake made up problems are something like my subconscious disguising the feelings about my real problems. I was arrested in April on campus, I thought I was going to get kicked out of housing, out of school, and not be able to transfer on plan to the school of my dreams. Everything turned out fine. None of that happened. I did get reaaaaally messed up from it for awhile, though. Everyday I would wake up and re-enact the arrest in my mind. Could I have PTSD? It makes me sick to think about the incident still, but it doesn't bother me too much.

Also, I'm pretty lonely. I'm in college, but my friends ignore me. I texted all of them to see if they wanted to go out to dinner like usual, not one of them responded. I texted my really good friend who goes to another school to make sure my phone was working, it was, they are just all ignoring me. Which is odd, because we had dinner last night, and I made all of them laugh for pretty much the entire meal. I have cried for help to a couple.  There's one friend who I tell all the time that I am thinking about suicide, having trouble, whatever. He just says ""oh, okay."" I don't think they believe me because I still make jokes. Humor is the only thing left really that I can enjoy, and I don't know what i want from them when I tell them about it, I just want to feel better.

But I am not suicidal over being lonely. In my mind, I feel so shit because my thinking is weird. For example, I was going to have a cigarette earlier, I usually enjoy them and I have maybe 1 every 3 months. I just asked myself ""well why do you enjoy that,"" and that's kind of how things go. Nothing seems ""real."" I don't know how I would feel better, right now I feel like feeling good is a lie I tell myself and deep down nothing exists really, in a way. 

So could my ""real"" problems be the root of all this, and the ""thinking"" problems a veil that covers them?

I don't mean to sound insane. My thinking is in my own language mostly so I don't internally verbalize every feeling, so please don't let my description of my thoughts make you think I am delusional about reality, I mean ""nothing exists,"" in a much more subtle way than the superficial meaning. "
"Maybe if I type this it might inspire someone who reads this to view a individual in a crowd of faceless people as a person how might need some compassion. 

I left it all behind reddit. They left me. They left me.

I am filled with a hopeless depression. I am tired of reaching out and no one answering. I exhaust myself with restless thoughts of simple future dreams but feel like its not my fate. Those simple dreams those plain goals never become fulfilled.

No one loves me. No one has ever loved me.

My mother left me as a child. My father left me as a child. My grandfather left me as a child and my grandmother has no feelings for me. 

The girls who I reach out and become a thing with always leave me after a short period of time. I try my best to hide my insecurity and desperation but I think it comes through me unwillingly. 

No one gives me a chance. I have so much love to offer but no one wants it. No one wants me.

I can count all my best friends on one finger but he has no idea how I feel because I dont want to lose it. I dont want it to change our relationship. 

I just want a someone to love me as more than a just a friend and different from a brother. I want someone to truly share myself with but no one wants to, no one wants me, no matter what I do. 

I am alone now. I left my home a month ago but I accidentally left my complacent happiness months ago. 

I thought this was what I wanted. I thought it would fulfill my ambition to reach for what I want but I think I made a mistake.

I'll be 22y/o Tuesday and no one cares. I used to day dream about being a rockstar, traveling the world, and racing motorcycles but those were fantasy dreams. I truly fount my real dream a while back. I want a family reddit. I want to make my own since I was given none. I want a son to love to replace the love that was never given me and I want him to have a mom that can love him like the love that was never given me.

I try to make these steps all the time but the world pushes me back twice. I'm so tried to trying for years. I'm tried of reaching out. I want someone to willing reach for me now. 

Oh god, I think I'm going to just go for a drive without a set destination. Maybe it will help..."
"I've reaches that point where I'm 24, have already dealt with the horrific breakdown of my life 1 1/2 years ago, and I've come to the conclusion that I do not want myself to live. I don't feel as if I should be alive. Every inch of my body is telling me I should kill myself. Suicide hotlines are telling me to read some Christian book (I'm an Athiest) to fix my life, and I don't know what to do. Please help 

 (512) 761-6583"
"Last year around this time i lost someone close to me and it happened again. Except this time it was my boyfriend who was perfect for me . He was wierd like me and he liked how i dressed and we liked the same things and he understood me. The funky hair wierd piercings ext.............. and now hes gone i hate leaving the house the stares i get just kill me . I loved him more than anything in the world. He was strange but smart handsome he was everything and now hes gone. It makes me feel like shit because when we were together i slit my wrists and was in the hospital baker acted or w/e and then in a mental institution . it broke his heart made him feel like i didnt care. now i feel like a murderer and theres no way i can go on feeling like this.


anyways im at my apartment pool it has wifi. this black guy offered to smoke (crack) with him . im going to bed."
"Hey guys. If you've seen my posts on SW before, you might know I have OCD and depression. Being the lucky person I am, and a girl, I find myself in a terrible situation every month. TMI, but I get a lot worse with PMS, even if I've had lovely weeks beforehand. I'm a little sad today, and so it seems that right on time I'm about to get into a hellish week of suicidal thoughts.

*Hugs* So, can I just ask for some hugs?

EDIT: I love all of you guys! *HUGS*"
"I'm available on windows live - Grayce1016@hotmail.com .  Feel free to message me.  If you're down and want to talk, we can talk about whatever you want to.  We can play games on there and just goof off if you want.  I'm there though!

(hugs)  just know you're not alone!

Edited to say that I created this account just for Reddit so if you message me you don't need to tell me where you're from :).  I didn't want to post my ""real"" info out there online.  "
" i was too, but i just couldn't see killing my body helping any - i had to kill my mind - the programming of hundreds of generations that said you must suffer and work until you die - and the ego which that created. please try it just get up and walk away with no money and just a backpack with some pens and paper and a change of socks and underwear. you've got nothing to lose and everyting to gain.    sol shanti  - in the meantime, enjoy the love filled music of [cherylann hawk](http://www.reverbnation.com/cherylannhawk)
"
"I've never had anyone I could call friends. I have never had anyone to talk with in my life. Sometimes people to say hi once in a while if by chance I see them. I once had a girlfriend who I loved but I'm not really sure if she actually liked me, let alone loved me. I never felt she cared much about me. She was also a lonely person like me but not as much, as soon as she got some friends she promptly left me and severed all contact with me. I feel used. 

I used to consider myself an intelligent person but no more. People think I'm intelligent because I learn random trivia from the internet since I don't have much more motivation to do anything else. Put me in front of a real problem and I'm dumb as rocks. I'm just a waste of air.

I also have severe eczema all over my body which make my skin (including my face) unsightly. It also has me on constant discomfort and pain. My dermatologist has prescribed everything under the sun for it and it only works a little. Meanwhile the skin on my face (and the rest of my body) is red, flaky, sometimes painful, itchy and bleeds constantly.

If not for my parents I would have killed myself a long time ago. I rarely talk about my feeling with them since I don't want to be more of a burden to them as I am already. Lately, anytime I talk to them about how I feel it ends badly so I don't do it anymore.

As you may have guessed I suffer from depression and I'm already on medication and it doesn't work ..."
"I am 25. Until recently, I had a bad gambling problem and lost a lot of money. I now have a huge credit card debt and don't think I will be able to afford to stay in school. If my parents found out about the gambling issue they would probably disown me. On top of that my close friends have been pretty terrible lately. so ya...I am very depressed and can't really see things getting better anytime soon. "
"**Last night:**


So I've just started a PhD, and last night I went out with a few colleagues, I didn't really know them yet. At some point, this girl I've been sleeping with for two weeks (we've talked online a lot every day for like a month beforehand), tells me she's in the city, so I tell her to come. We didn't really go out together apparently, but according to her we were sex-friends in an exclusive way (not sleeping with other people), or something. Because that's what she wanted. I didn't want to explain that to my coworkers, so I just told them we went out together, and told her so, and that she couldn't flirt, she was okay with that. When she arrives, some other PhD student who's been there for like 2 years starts flirting with her like crazy, talking to her about everything, trying to oppose me about everything and making it look like they agree about something and not me, even touching her arm etc., and she plays his game. When I say something she even goes against me and defends him. So I told her we should leave, we did, we had an argument, I went back home, and she went back to see that guy. WTF?

I talked with one of the guy from the party afterwards, he was dumbstruck, told me he had never seen such a thing, that the guy was a total asshole etc. I perfectly knew this wasn't the most trustful girl in the world (and I'm not used to that, I've always had very long relationships), but I mean seriously? How can someone be so slutty? And have no respect whatsoever for someone you've talked with all the time for one month and a half and spent several nights with?

The real issue here is not the girl, I don't really give a shit about her, it's how to deal with the guy. I'll have to work with him, our lab only has small teams, and seriously, I have no idea how to react. I'm even thinking about giving up my PhD. What should I do?

**Quick context:**


I'm 26, I've been depressed as fuck for at least 8 years (for several reasons), to the point that it made me lose a lot of friends, that I gave up on my studies 2 years ago after a breakup and ended up spending 8 months locked up at my place last year. Before that, even though I was depressed as fuck and I think I pissed a lot of people off, I still managed to study well (I had 2 bachelor's degrees and an engineer's degree, always very good grades), and I had several long term relationships. Since I had graduated in engineering because I gave up on research due to my depression (this is a bit complicated, but I won't explain how the French system works), and since I really felt like I screwed my life up, I started a research Master's degree last year. I ended up being ranked first, got a scholarship for a PhD, everything I wanted. I also had a girl for 6 months until two months ago we had an argument and she left telling me I was crazy, which completely destroyed me. That's probably why I ended up with this other girl. :(

So, wtf, of all the rather long-term relationships I've had before (4 years, 2 years, 8 months), I've never had to cope with shit like that, what the hell is going on? I'm really trying my best to try to live on, but it's getting harder every time.

"
"I have very low self esteem. I try and fill the void with material crap, alcohol, or occasionally hookers rather than addressing the real issues I have. Always I feel regret afterwards and hate myself even more. 

I'm not very attractive (asian eyes, but I am white) and there isn't much I can do to change this. I don't have the money to get plastic surgery or anything. I was bullied at school quite a bit because of this. Sometimes someone will ask if I have asian parents, which makes me depressed or angry. Often I am jealous of good looking people who have life so easy.
I need some love or even just a good friend but constantly push people away because I'm afraid they won't like my personality.

I have a job as a web programmer that I don't particularly like very much. If I had a choice I would be a pilot or something.


I've thought about how I would kill myself but that would be very hard on my family. Maybe I'm just too much of a pussy to do it.

I don't know where to start to feel better about myself? New job? Obviously getting laid would help, but I'm a complete failure at that."
"My life is spiraling downwards. 

I've never really liked myself. In fact, I hate myself. Everything I do is wrong. 

I embarrass myself constantly. No one really likes me. I've been shunned by numerous people for my bad behavior. 

I've been called evil so many times. I get so angry and I can't control it.

I don't know how to love another person. I fall for people and they reject me. Even when i know they don't want me, I still go for it. I mean, I am hella persistent. 

I'm an alcoholic. I can't cope in a social situation without alcohol. I'm never really happy.

I go to work, put on a fake smile and try to make it through the day. However, I can't wait to get away. 

Everyday, I come home and lock myself in my room and stay in bed until i have to go to work again. 

Nothing seems worth it. I've tried all sorts of stuff before but I never stick with it.

Someone is always frustrated with me. 

I've accepted that I'm never going to have the motivation to change my life. 

I've accepted that I am emotionally fucked up beyond repair. 

I'm tired of rejection. I'm tired of feeling so disconnected. 

I don't think I can learn anything socially. 

I've got a plan. There's only one way to escape myself. I can't go back and change people's minds about me. I don't care enough about myself to live for me. Fuck me. Me=giant bitch. I can't think of one nice thing to say about myself because I am not a nice person. 

My life will never be good enough. I'm always just a step away from some new ugly drama, or emotional tsunami. 

I am a destructive force. 

Honestly, I don't think anyone will miss me and I'm ok with that. I used to cry when I thought about suicide. Now, I'm perfectly content. 

The time is approaching. I can't wait.

EDIT :  It's not a temporary problem. It's me. The person that I am. The person that was formed years ago. There is no overcoming it. Too much ugliness. The future is bleak. 
It's not like I'm in high school and something minor just happened. 

It's a long line of decisions I've made. Bad decision after bad decision after bad decision. Everything I do is bad. Everything I do upsets someone or pushes people away. I am finally all alone. Even lonely as I am, I still reject others because they only want one thing."
"It would be better if it wasn't all about me, though. I just am stuck on slow internet so all my mind is left to do is wander to not-so-great things.

"
"29 year old female.  Our lives are entangled -- I don't have a car or a place to live outside of him.  Our friends are also entwined.  I introduced him to the group of friends we shared and he's since become more involved with the group than I am.  I don't really have a support network anymore, so here I am.  "
"I'm getting sicker and sicker. It's getting harder to pretend to be normal around people. I have self-mutilation thoughts, but have never carried through. I hate my body so much that I think about cutting off my breasts. I feel like I should have been aborted. Someone as disgusting as me should not be alive. I will never be valued in this world, because I'm an unattractive, obese blob of a female. People tell me all night and day that this isn't the case, but I think they're deluding themselves and live in a fantasy world where people aren't animals with a veneer of civilization. 

I go for weeks without seeing my boyfriend; I dodge his calls and emails. When he touches me, I pretend that I like it and want it because if he leaves I'll have no one but my mother around me. The parts of my body he values are the ones I hate. I am a sexual void. The only sexual, stimulating thoughts I have are when I'm so sick I imagine being used and raped and hurt, in terrible ways, sometimes fatal ways. I'm disgusted by other women, I'm disgusted by men, I'm disgusted by the ignorance and filth of humanity that I won't ever be able to escape because fuck, I'm human too.

There's no way out. There's no way out. Soon enough, my strong ability to hide and withhold all emotion and internal sickness will fail, and it will be like a dam bursting. My life will be over, I will be insane or I will kill myself. Schizophrenia runs in my family, my uncle and grandmother were schizophrenic and I'm reaching the age females start to show signs. I think about harming myself and more and more I start to think, why not?

Edit: Going to bed. I'm making myself more crazy."
"I posted a while back...the feelings haven't stopped.  I keep thinking of the sleeping pills and anti-anxiety meds in my cabinet and how taking them all would end the pain.  I know this is suicidal ideation, I know I need help.  I think I need to go to a mental hospital, I'm in Phoenix and St. Luke's is supposed to be pretty good.  What can I expect if I go in?  What is my future like after spending time in a psych ward?  I feel like ending it would be better than going to a ward.

EDIT: Jesus fuck, I'm cutting myself...what in the hell is wrong with me?  I'm watching myself bleed.

EDIT:
Ok, I saw my therapist.  I'm going to talk to my instructor at school/work and get some time off, then I'm going to go to my sister's place in San Diego for the weekend.  I'm going to see my psychiatrist and adjust my meds.  I'm going to quit drinking, for real this time.  I just need time to think, I don't know if I should stay in school or take a break.  I need to find out who I am.  My family is being very supportive.  I'm not going hurt myself anymore."
"This whole weekend I had a friend visit me from wisconsin since the Packers were playing against the eagles, and I managed to get us 2 tickets. On the way to the game today, I was mocked and badgered for my ""girlfriend"" who was wearing a packers jersey in eagles territory... this has been the closest i've been to having a girlfriend in over 6 years. I haven't been laid in about the same time, and I don't know why I can't get it right. All I want in life is someone to give me a hug and tell me its all ok, but i can't even get that to work out for me. I don't know which of my friends I can talk to, I try my best not to come off as a pussy, but this is tearing me apart. I can't have an intimate relationship with anyone and its slowly killing me. I don't know what to do, and I dont know how I can be happy anymore."
"I wish i could just quit my job and get the fuck outta here. i am so fucking sad, and listening to radiohead all day has not been helping. i have a wife who no longer wishes to be with me. i have a friend who i no longer wish to hang out with. i dont want to do anything. just lay around, think about the universe and just fucking go. i could quit my job if i wanted but that wont fix anything. just need someone to talk to. please someone help me...please..if only just a virtual hug. please someone respond before i break down into tears again.

EDIT: Thanks for the help guys. gotta go to work in about 4 hrs so i must sleep. thanks again. you redditors are a special breed."
"My life is going nowhere..
I am in my fifth year in college and I am in a major that I do not like. I am mad at myself for not changing it when I had the chance and now it's too late. Not only it's too late I might not even graduate. To make things worse, my loans have piled up. And I have to idea how to repay them back. My sister and I had a fight. Now she won't talk to me and told me to forget about her. My father wants to go to back to his native country. But I can't support myself yet. He's mad at me for not finishing college. Because I am supposed to be help him and take over his responsibilities after I graduate. But I am staying for another year and he's upset because his plans of retiring has to be pushed back. I hate waking up from sleep because the first thing that comes to my mind when i wake up is my problems. I feel exhausted just by thinking about them. It seems like nothing in this world is going to make me happy. Before I was thinking about suicide but with fear. But now, it has escalated. Now I am thinking about suicide as a wonderful thing. Because if I am dead I don't have to think anymore. I want to be rested. I am not happy in this world anymore."
"Long story short, my love ditched me a few months ago and everything kind of came to a point in the past few weeks. It's a series of betrayals, heartbreak and stuff that isn't exactly relevant to you guys.

The truth is, I never felt closer to a single person before her. We dated and were passionately in love for over two years. I know it seems like such a short amount of time, but it just all fell together for us. When it all ended, I was greeted by a disturbing feeling.

For the first time, I felt like I could easily kill myself. As much as I wanted to, the thoughts kept popping up in my head, and I was spending days thinking about how easily I could put a gun to my head, where before it scared me to even think of it.

A few weeks ago, I started climbing off of a bridge and stopped myself. Since then, I've been going through periods where I feel totally distanced from thoughts of suicide and periods where I feel like I can't even stop the feelings from flooding into my head.

Am I okay? I *feel* okay right now, but I'm disturbed that these feelings came at all - and that they were so vivid and powerful for so long."
"I was in a relationship of about 4 years went on a break maybe 6 months ago.  I was stoic emotionally and neglected my girlfriend until she finally snapped.  I don't know why I was like this.  I didn't really know what I wanted in life anymore and I was maybe a little depressed.  We went on a break for awhile and she went to law school.  I kept holding onto the hope that we would be able to work things out.  I was going to visit her over labor day weekend but she started distancing herself from me and has told me that we can't be together.  She won't talk to me on the phone or Skype, because I think she would be too hurt and doesn't want to face those emotions.  She told me all of this over IM.

I feel horrible about how I let the relationship disintegrate and all I want is to talk to her and give her a hug and show her that I can be different.  I go each day trying not to break down in front of my co-workers.  I have a knot in my throat and it seems like tears are just around the corner.  I just don't feel like I can live with myself knowing how I made the one person that means the most to me feel.  I wish she knew how sorry I am but I don't think emails or IM can even describe it.

I was going to risk everything and fly out and visit her this weekend by surprise but I am scared that might hurt things.  I already bought a plane ticket.  In my mind I would show up at her door and I would lay it all out there and we would talk through the night and fix things.  I don't know if this is such a good idea anymore because she has made it clear that she doesn't think she can handle it.

She says I need to talk to someone, but I don't feel like I can talk to my friends about it.  I just don't feel like I have that kind of relationship with any of them.  I don't really like talking to strangers face to face or on the phone either.  So here I am...

I am tired of going through each day like this.  The one thing I want more than anything is outside my grasp and it is my fault.  It's harder and harder each day knowing this.

I am scared of dying though and I think about how crushed my parents would be.  They are such nice people and don't deserve that.

I don't know what to do anymore."
"I havent been thinking about death lately, in the last month ive been pretty content. not a really bad thought about suicide once. things are a little better. but i feel life is just going to get worst. i heard one of my friends is not going to make it, she fell off a building and recovery isnt going well. shes so fucking young. its not enough fair, she was the last person i would think this would happen to. i try not to think about death and then this was brought upon me. she's a really good friend. one of the last people i really talk to about emotions really. so many good memories. times. experiences, we shroomed and smoked and stuff. just had a blast. never any bad times. sigh. im so distraught. i have nothing to say about it. im so lost. i couldnt visit her due to work. i dont even think i could handle it. (shes a few states away) i dont know what to do anymore. if stuff like this keeps happening...

i cant believe she will be gone. i dont want to. its partly why i didnt want to see her. because i dont want to confirm. sigh. she really didnt deserve this. how could someone everyone love go like that. its not fair. just one of lifes Fuck you. 


i have to go to work. Wednesday is the big day. Im trying my hardest not to think of anything. but its so tough. all i know is wednesday im going to smoke the fattest blunt for her. and watch the sunset. 

fuck you death. fuck you."
"I have a feeling 2010 is the final chapter in this life folks. 



"
[removed]
"I've been having these thoughts lately. I'm suddenly very confused, I feel so much pressure, no satisfaction whatsoever. Could it be that some of us aren't meant to live?

I don't see the motivation, why going through all the hard work, having to put up with so much daily violence... is there only one way of getting real peace of mind?

It suddenly seems as a decision I won't regret after it's done, and yet, I'm having second thoughts. But I know what I'll have to go through this next week, why bother delaying it.

Truth is, what I most want right _now_ is someone to help me do this, aparently I'm a lot weaker than I thought.

I don't know if someone knows what I'm talking about... I want to keep trying but I tried so many times, always failing

Not sure what to expect by posting this, but thank you for reading"
"I am in desperate need of help.  I need some sort of mental health care, but I do not have insurance.  Aside from my parents, I have nobody.  What do I do?

What do I do?"
"I have these ""thought problems"" where whenever somethiing is good I just think around it, like it doesn't exist. I think this is just a superficial problem and that the cause is my loneliness. It started in the summer when my loneliness was at its alltime high, only talking ot my parents for months. Now I'm in school and this weekend especially has been really lonely. Only talked to my mom and the kind people in SW. My thoughts are like, for example, whenever i ask myself a question i already know the answer or deep down I know how things will turn out and htye will turn out poorly. It's hard to explain.

Anyone with ANY insight into this? ""Thought problems"" that make it really seem like there is no way out of this tunnel,but could they really be something else at the core?

I also wonder, why not? Suicide is so simple. 


I was walking to a friends place to pick up something and I just decided to do it. I felt relieved, but I felt bad at the same time. I know deep down, I hope I do, that that isn't the right thing. Sometimes I'm worried that I don't. I cried when I imagined how my mom and dad would feel. It's twisted, thouhg. On the one hand I know that they would be destroyed, but on the other I still feel like nothing matters at all, even them.


Gah, I'm not sure if I was really close. Maybe it was more like a childish dare to myself. 


"
"So I got kicked out of school for trying to kill myself.  I came back.  Got kicked out again.  Went to a hospital for three months.  They straightened me out and taught me not to kill myself and shit.  But now I've realized I'm screwed because nothing has really changed.  I'm still as oversensitive as I was and will break at the slightest provocation.  All I know is I don't really want to die … and that's not enough.

I tried to strangle myself yesterday.  It had been 111 days.  I thought I was rid of the habit for good, and then my sister tried to kick me out of our apartment and I couldn't deal with it.  I'm still living with my sister.  There will be many things I can't deal with.  When term starts and I have to worry about schoolwork and friends and so forth, I'm all but screwed.

At least the Deans are forcing me to take a light load.  That should make things better.  But I know I'll want to strangle, and I probably will, and I'm terrified of either (a) getting depressed again and getting bad grades (b) the Deans finding out I'm having a breakdown and kicking me out of school again.  I have to go three years without another mental breakdown, and that's a lot given I have BPD and anything will make me break down.  Honestly I think the only reason I went 111 days without strangling was because nothing was really happening.  As soon as I break up with a boyfriend or have more fights with my sister or whatever, I'm just going to go off and stop turning in work and start strangling myself every day.  Disregard homework, acquire printer cables.  But such is life.  Not everyone finishes college."
"Hey all, seems so many in here want someone to talk to.  How about everyone who wants to chat and wouldn't mind talking with someone they don't know just list their aim or windows live account names here?  You can create a new one just for Reddit if you'd like so you don't have to give your personal information away.  Both of these are free/easy to download so you can get set up in a pinch.  

It may be weird but hey, looks like so many are in the same boat and wanting someone to talk to.  Instead of just wanting to, lets make it happen ok?  It doesn't need to be about depression or suicide or whatever, it can be about whatever.

I listed my information a few days ago and I've met some really awesome Redditors.  I think you guys (and gals) rock!  I just feel bad that I can't be on all the time because of silly things like work, family and sleep :(.

Anyways, anyone want to try besides me?  Here's the links to download a messenger service:
[AIM Messenger](http://www.aim.com/)
[Windows Live Messenger](http://windowslive.com/desktop/messenger)

AIM:  Graycie1016
Windows Live:  Graycie1016@hotmail.com

 

"
"and wonder what happens afterwards
will i be reincarnated ?
as a different race/nationality/religion/sex
-a new born on present time,
-a new born in the future
-a new born in the past 
-an unhealthy newborn with a rare disease, terminal illness or genetic disorder, e.g. cerebral palsy, down syndrome,  
-re-incarnated as an animal like insects 

2nd chances ?
-to back in time to specific life changing decisions made on a wim or was sleep deprived and stoned to think about
-to restart my life again from the get-go

religion
- if christianity was right = eternal damnation/hell
- if islam was right = hell
- if any other was right = equivalent hell

nothingness
- its like life never existed , then what would be the point of studying and learning pretty hard stuff if i know i'm not going to be some cool inventor, or nobel prize winner, or do something that will change the world in a grandscale, and be remembered in history ...or wikipedia

darwin's law :but why should i pass my wicked monstrous genes that carries sick thoughts and wierd fantasies, plus my unhealthy and lazy way of living, while torturing my mind everyday with sick demented thoughts and self loathing and hatred. 

pagan beliefs
-my soul will roam the earth until the specified time i was supposed to die
-my spirit will haunt the home of my family
-problems in life will carry on to the afterlife except it will be impossible to try an solve them now that i am dead
-as much as i regret so many things, i will end up regretting death itself....for eternity

an island called lost 

what i think
-my problems will carry on to the afterlife, i will forever be haunted by the past mistakes, especially killing my self, my consciousness is awake in this time period, where there are many cool things going on with the internet, memes and video games, anime, tv shows and there has never been a perfect time for me to have been born the last 2-3 decades and be entertained.

but the cons sort of outweigh the pros, in my mind, for almost 5 months i have been thinking of suicide like pretty much everyday , and its killing me.

the world is fucked, millions of people die every fucking day, from accidents, illnesses, homicides, suicides, starvation, silly wars over a piece of fucking land and oil, corporations suck the living life out of the little people, diseases, hate, greed, child trafficking, child abuse from strangers to families, mental illnesses....


i think i might die in a few weeks"
"I've been feeling very lonely lately and really don't know what to do..  
I was sexually abused as a child and have been depressed and cutting myself for close to 6 years now  
(though I haven't in the past 6 months! :)).  
I've been in therapy before as well as been to a mental hospital for about half a year, which has helped me a lot.  
  
  
Now I left for college last fall and things have been going downhill ever since :(  
I've always had a big family, so being alone in my apartment is really difficult for me.  
I've slept on the floor beside my pc for the past 4 weeks, because the noise and blinking makes me feel relieved and less alone.  
I tried moving back to the bed twice, but both times I've had anxiety attacks and panicked :/  
I can't stay for the weekends, as the thought of being alone for so long is absolutely terrifying to me, so I visit my parents.
  
I'd like to get another pet (my dog is staying with my parents), but I fear I won't be able to properly care for it.  


Additionally I lend my parents some money and even took out a loan, because they promised it'd be only for a few weeks.. turns out it'll take a while longer so now I had to borrow some myself as I wouldn't have made my rent otherwise.  

That made me really angry.. not so much the fact that they didn't make it, but that they still said they'd pay me well after my rent was due  
(I had already paid it by then).  

I'm trying really hard to get my life under control and I've been way worse, but now that I've been genuinely happy for a little while I'm once again at a point where I ask myself if it's really worth it :/  


Overall I have a pretty good perspective..  
I'm not getting rich by any means, but it's usually enough to cover my bases, I DO have my own apartment, I can study the field I'm most interested in at a top university and I found some things I enjoy doing.  
That's quite an improvement from not being able to get up in the morning and needing to hurt myself every day!  

Still.. I feel like riding some stupid rollercoaster and can't seem to get it to stop :(  
Where do I go from here?  
I've considered going back into therapy, but I don't think I'm worth their time.. I mean I've been so much worse.  
I think I could handle being a little depressed or angry sometimes, without being self-destructive or suicidal, but I always go into a kind of rage that makes me feel terribly helpless (and want to walk into traffic ._.).  

Anyone been through that? Specifically the being alone thing and not being able to get your feelings to a level you can cope with?  
  
Phew I feel a lot better already after writing this.. took me quite some time too :)  
Sorry if it's a little incoherent and a thank you to anyone who took the time to read it :D

**Edit:** jesus that's a horrible wall of text.. I'll try to make it a little more readable :s
**Edit2:** I just found another thing I'm really bad at: formatting :D  
Didn't think I'd be that hard :/"
"Hi.

I've been traveling for the last year to escape demons. Some shit happened and I went home to work it out with my therapist and maybe try going back on anti-depressants. I have problems with obsession and anxiety.

Went to the first session today and my therapist, who I have been going to for three or four years, has prostate cancer. The prognosis isn't good.

He is a very important person in my life and has helped me through some very hard times (mom died of cancer, broken family life, severe depression, social anxiety, etc) and I don't know how to take this. I have problems trusting people and he is one of the only people that I really do. I feel guilty because I need him and he is so ill.

I'm feeling very alone, very sad and more than a little let down by life. The last two months have been very bad and I've considered just saying fuck it and ending it all. Now I just feel horrible because I want it and he wants to live and it's all bullshit.

Help. :(
"
"So, one year and 2 months ago i was a happy guy, with a loving girlfriend, the most awesome person i had ever met. We were together for 2 years, and we both were really deeply in love... We were young still.. but.. i believe you can feel when you are truly loved and when you can certainly trust someone. But then.. all my happiness went down in a single day. On Jun 26th 2009, she passed away due to a brain aneurism. I haven't been able to overcome it.. I must admit that i have had good months, and that i feel better once a while, but today was one of the most shocking days for my feelings. I was scarred of reading our gmail chats which i all kept in my inbox, but today i read the last few of them. To be honest, is the happiest day i have been during all this time, it was like talking to her, i felt so close and so happy reading all those things she said to me, everytime she repeated that she loved me and how happy she was with me. But then i finished reading, and i became extremely sad... i have been crying all day long, i'm missing her badly.. and sometimes i feel that life without her is just worthless, cause i haven't found anything else that can make it better.

I'm still pretty young, i'm just 21, doing a college degree, i have nice job, and some good friends, even though i don't feel like talking with them about this, i feel like it's uncomfortable for them. I'm looking for some advice or some support for this hard time i'm having right now.. i would appreciate any words you can give this sad guy. If you are curious about how she died or whatever, you can ask me, i don't have problem on telling the whole story.

Thanks Reddit."
"I feel some guilt about it because I suspected he might be and didn't say anything. I was suicidal for a while as well, and our lives have followed fairly similar trajectories. I've been feeling some anxiety over it today. I don't really know why I'm posting this; I just felt like I had to get it off my chest."
"I don't feel as if anybody in my life is nice to me. My parents paid for half of my university, but that is about the extent of their involvement in my life. When I gave the graduating speech at my university, my dad said that it was one of the worst speeches he'd ever heard in his life. I was crushed. He also told me that my degree would never get anywhere.

I have to wait to September 2011 to start my graduate studies, and until then I have live at home. Well, both my parents take their anger at my younger brother (YB) out at me. YB is a criminal, he has 2 felonies, and is currently living under house arrest. He is terrible, and has beat me up and stabbed me. I have been in the hospital twice. My parents have threatened to kick me out of the house if I get a restraining order. 

I a few friends here, and but I'm not close enough to them to tell them something like this. The only ones I trust are in New York. I don't have money or a job, and I need to get out of here. It seems like each passing day, suicide is my only option. 

I told my mom this, and she got mad at me and told me I only ever think about myself. I don't think this is true, as I volunteer at Habitat for Humanity and the local animal shelter. Then she went on to say how all I do to this family is tear it apart, and make them waste money studying stupid things. I want to leave, but I only have $700 dollars to my name. Where can I go? What can I do? I've been applying to jobs for three weeks without any luck. I've posted here before and the people were really helpful. However, when I posted before I was emotionally charged, now I'm just ready to do it. I already have a plan on how to do it, but I don't want to. I just feel it's my only escape.

Thank you for reading this."
"I'm sorry to take up your time in this very important subreddit.  I almost don't want to post this because I feel that my reasons might not be as extreme as the others'.

I recently returned to college (sophomore).  I just suddenly felt like utter shit for several reasons.  One reason is that I'm begining to realize that i have no friends.  I have people that i hang out with, and I know plenty of people around campus and it seems just fine.  The problem is that none of them are true friends, and they only seem to be getting farther and farther apart.  I have a few groups of ""friends"" and recently i've introduced several of them to eachother.  What has been happening is that they have been hooking up and fucking or whatever, and then feel awkward around me and try to hide everything from me.  I let them know that it is fine, but they still do everything behind my back and there have been a few that simply stopped being my friend all together. It is weird to me. 

I also feel just numb to everything.  I've gone to parties and gotten high and everyone around me is having a fucking blast, but i can't get any happiness.  I-I feel completely numb, I'm walking to class and meals just as a fucking robot.  I'm hollow.

I haven't had a girlfriend in years and years, and do not see anything of the sort happening in my future, and if it does, then i will probably still feel numb to the situation and not give a shit and end up ruining shit.

My waking life is filled with negative thoughts that i can't stop.  This is causing an even worse downward spiral.

I don't think I'm suicidal based on me respecting others' feelings at this point, but i really see no end to this.  I feel like the remainder of, at least college, will be me in this state of mind.

I'm sorry to have wasted your time."
"I feel somewhat pathetic posting this but I am falling pretty deep down the rabbit hole this time. All I can do is sit here thinking ""help"" while my wonderful wife and kids go about their evening around me."
"For a while (a couple of years) I have been getting more and more depressed. However, I'm very good at hiding it, so the only people who know are my close friends who cared enough to listen to my stoned rants about how shitty my life is. 

Actually, that's not true. My life is great compared to a lot of people; my family rocks, I have (a decent amount) of money, I'm in college, and good friends. But there is one thing that has been missing from my life; a relationship. I'm basically your generic nerd redditor who has never had any intimate encounter with a girl. I'm 20 now, and it's awkward to admit. I have a girl I kind of like who I work with, but she's from Nepal and has a boyfriend so I pretty much have no hopes.

I really want to tell my parents how depressed and lonely I am, but I don't want to worry about me and spend tons of money on a therapist. They have enough worries without worrying about me. I know they would give me all the help in the world, but I just can't bring myself to telling them about it. Every time my Mom randomly asks ""Are you O.K?"", I think for a second to say no and tell her everything. But instead I smile, say ""Of course Mom!"", and move on with my life.

Anyways, I just wanted to vent here because I know the people here will listen. It actually really helps to type out my feelings like this."
"I'll write more later, but I feel that suicide is inevitable for me.

This website has been a blessing to me and I'd like to ask you all one favor: just in case something were to happen to me, could you all send my mother some stuff via the mail. I'll provide here address when the time finally comes.

I can't live with myself anymore and I'd really appreciate it... I'll be sure to write her a note (and hopefully my other family). I'm just so broken and I can't escape the hopelessness. I don't think I can fight it anymore.

I'll write more in the comments later... 

EDIT: "
"I have been depressed for many years, but this year at college is one that I just cannot shake.  It's not that I don't have friends, it's more of the fact that I would never dare to embarrass myself enough to even throw out the fact that I am suicidal, let alone depressed.

It's just so hard acting so happy every damn day.  It is truly even getting difficult to say hi to my roommates when I see them. I just want to be alone.  The weird thing is that the loneliness is what is killing me the most.  When I can talk to other people it at least helps to forget about the pain but my mind just keeps telling me to go lock myself in my room.  

I have tried so hard to push myself through the bad days thinking the next day will be better but they just keep getting worse.  I feel like I am starting to go crazy.  I try to force myself to watch TV or listen to music to forget about my depression, but my brain repeats ""kill yourself"" over and over until I can concentrate on nothing else but that voice in my head, it is like a god damn broken record and there is NOTHING I can do to make it stop.  I have been on medication for depression for a few years now and have switched 5 times, I cannot take it anymore.

I just wish I had someone... anyone.  The funny part is that I DO. I have a girl that I can tell anything to in the world, but I can't even tell her because I don't want to scare her.  I just don't think I know how good I have it.  And at times I feel guilty for feeling like such shit when I know so many people are worse off than me.  

Sorry, this was just a cluttered mess but it helps just to see it opposed to hearing it in my own head."
"'m in my 5th year in college. I am getting C's on my Chemistry major that i hate.. I hate myself for not making the right decisions until it's too late. I've neglected many possible opportunities because of my stupid mindset. Now i might not graduate. I want to be a nurse but now it's gonna take more years to become one. Not only that I have so many loans waiting for me to repay them back. My family is blaming me for being poor and for being drowned in a financial crisis. I don't want to cry alone anymore, i'm tired of waking up and i'm tired of thinking about my problems. I just want to end my life. I want to die so badly. I feel like there is no escape to this situation. And it's only gonna get worse."
"I'm at my wit's end. It seems like my life has consisted entirely of burning/abandoning bridges before a hobo shows up, punches me in the face to explain the meaning of life, and then someone managing to get a picture of it all who then uploads it to the net afterwards. The Weed did help but lately it's just been increasing my views of how small I am on this Earth, which causes me to feel incredibly depressed afterwards as it makes me feel so much more alone. 

I'm not anywhere near considering suicide, but this increasingly depressing outlook has made life somewhat depressing, and I'm not exactly sure how to change it.


Correction (probably should've resubmitted without the error but fuck it): ""[...] Most memorable of my [life feel] like a [...]"""
"I don't know how to make a self post so that you don't accuse me of karma-whoring but this is urgent.

So, I'll lay the cards on the table. A friend of a friend of a friend is studying in a private school in N********. My friend came to know that she is going to kill herself after 6 PM UK time today. I'm not good with time zones either, so I hope I'm not too late.

The thing is my friend reckons she's off her rocker and she's not listening but I think you guys can do something. She threw away her phone so, I'm not able to contact her.

That's all I know, now it's your turn. Can you help her out ? or is it impossible ?

**EDIT:** Come on guys ! This is kind of an emergency!

**EDIT2:** I just learned she has no family. I guess it really is asking too much. :(

**EDIT3:** I just learned that she's **/** years old and that she's supposedly going to jump off a bridge.

**EDIT4:** My friend thinks she has a kid and she needs money. But my friend isn't sure.

**EDIT5:** Tried calling the UK suicide hotline a couple of times, but it's unavailable. Any thoughts ?

**EDIT6:** Can someone from the UK please try to do something ? All details are provided above. Everything *I* know, atleast.. Sheesh, I wish I could do more.

**EDIT7:** She..went to the bridge.

**EDIT8:** No more information received. I don't know what happened. I'll keep you guys posted.

**EDIT9:** Hey guys, I told you I'd keep you updated, so here it is: Apparently, K******* jumped; but I guess the bridge wasn't high enough so, she survived it and now she's recovering slowly in the hospital! 
Also, EDIT 4 was wrong, so sorry about mixing up the facts.

**Here's to wishing her a speedy recovery !!** (I know you can't see it, but I'm raising my cup of milk to shoulder height)

**EDIT10:** Edited out all the private information."
"Ok, a little background info.. my best friend recently came out to his family, they are phillipino catholic... this is relevant, if any of you know what a catholic phillipino family is like, it would be no surprise that his mother disowned him when he came out a few months ago.

Before he came out, he had been a closet gay for 3 years. He didn't tell ANYONE, not even me (I've known him since I was twelve), he didn't even tell his sister or closest cousin. He lived a secret life because he was so scared of how his family would react. Because of this, he hasn't been his best the past few years, he was into some heavy drugs, kept moving around from city to city, getting into debt, getting into relationships with other guys that eventually failed etc.

But he met this really wonderful guy &amp; they'd been together for about 8 months until tonight. He was doing really well for himself, starting to get rid of all his debts, setting some realistic goals, just getting his shit together in general. But the emotional strain that his family put him through has gotten the better of him. Last week he cut himself for the first time, while arguing with his bf. It was traumatising to say the least, I'd never thought he'd do something like that. Tonight, his boyfriend messaged me, said he's leaving him for good because he can't deal with his depression anymore. We're both really scared he's going to run into the kitchen &amp; cut himself! I plan to go to his house &amp; prevent such things from happening... even though I'm taller than him I don't know if when it comes down to it, I can stop him. I've been thinking I should run to the kitchen &amp; hide the knives... if you have any other suggestions, please let me know! I'm all out of ideas, my head is going beserk, please help! "
"I'm 22, Male.

I have bipolar disorder. (BP2) I've been dealing with this for a few years now, and it's just getting me really bummed out. 

I dropped out of school when my depression / mania went nuts on me. I was finally diagnosed as BP2, and we've been trying to treat it ever since. That was a year ago.

The meds i'm taking make me stupid and feel very out of it, but without them, I'm a complete basket case (extreme agitation, anxiety out the window, suicidal feelings, intense mood fluctuations)

It seems like I have to choose between living a life of compromise or being off my rocker. Yeesh.

I was just thinking to myself this morning, I don't remember what it feels like to be normal. To just wake up in the morning and be able to look someone in the eye and have a conversation without exerting a huge amount of effort or feeling a great deal of pain. I come across so different from how I want to, or how I imagine things going in my head. I just care so much about other people and it just doesn't show...

It just seems so damn unfair...so maybe I need a place to vent for a bit.

I've been feeling suicidal again. It's been a long time since I got like this. Frankly, I'm almost always dedicated to being positive, imagining a future in which this is all behind me and I'm successful and content with my surroundings...but that dream is slipping.

My brain seems hardwired to want to take pride in my achievements...but I haven't had much to be proud about in a really long time. 

All my life people have told me I'm gifted. (I'm sure many redditors can relate. I see a whole lot of smart people around here.) Given that, I feel somewhat responsible to do something with my life. I want to give something back.

All I ever wanted to do was play guitar and sing songs. I'm really good at it. Or, at least I used to be. I still work really really really hard at it, and for no real reason at all other than I just like it. I get this feeling that I'm supposed to be doing it or something. Like I'm a more complete person when I sing and play.

Does anybody else get the feeling that they are special and significant and are going to make a big impact? Because I post online, and it doesn't matter how many people appreciate what I write...it just makes me think wow...I'm so insignificant. No matter how hard I try, I will always be extremely insignificant in the grand scheme of things.

I just get this feeling like I was born to do some great things with what I've been given. Give back with the tools that I was granted. That's not the BP self-aggrandizing is it?

I have to go back to school this January...I'm not sure how I'm going to be able to make friends and be happy with all of this on my back. I guess I put too much pressure on myself. Honestly though, I don't fit in to the ""college scene"" any more anyway. I don't drink (any more), I don't smoke (any more), I don't want to know any ""bros"" (lol), i don't fit in here exactly here either...I imagine the kind of college guys on this site are similar to me but...much more interested in ""geeky"" things. (No judgement really, just that's not me.) I'm not a geek. I'm not a frat guy. I'm not a stoner. I'm not a student government type. What the hell am I?

I feel like I've grown up SO MUCH in the past year or so being out of school...dealing with this stuff (God, I held down a job while literally borderline psychotic on the completely wrong meds. That is a testament to ""one day at a time"" thinking...). Am I even going to be able to find friends who I can relate to once I head back to school?

SW, AM I TRYING TOO HARD? I can't think of a better way to live life. Why live life if you're not willing to do your best? Is my judgement off? Do I expect too much? Should I go back to church? (yea, reddit's going to hate that one...lol)

TL;DR - My life is continually fucked up and now seems hopeless (though I know that's probably not true) and I want to know why.

Sorry for the novel, I spent a long time on this...some points I was in tears, others I was quite angry...please help me in any way you can. Comment on anything at all, give support, call me an asshole. lol whatever you want.

THANK YOU."
"His parents do not know he is having these thoughts.

My brother and his wife adopted my nephew when he has a baby. They also have a daughter who is a few years younger and not adopted.

His birth mother was on drugs and drank during her pregnancy and abandoned him as a baby. He has always had attention / emotional issues.

Ever since my nephew was a young child we all suspected he was gay and just recently he came out of the closet to us and to his family.

For years he has been treated as a second class citizen in his family and with turning 16 things are getting harder for him all around.

He wants to move in with us but that is not a possibility. He is coming over after school so we can discuss his situation and give him support and listen. Plus we need to try and evaluate the level of suicidal thoughts he is having.

Is there any advice on the best way to help him cope and to still keep our conversations in confidence. I'm worried if I talk to his parents that it would only leave my nephew feeling he has no ""safe"" adult to talk to.

Thank you for any thoughts / experiences you can share with me.


**EDIT: Update:** We had a very good evening together. His suicidal thoughts are just ideas / frustration at this point. Between his sexuality (recently losing his virginity) and difficulties at home he really did just need someone to turn to who he can feel open and truly himself around. After talking his heart out he was glad just to be in a house where there was no yelling and no judging. We'll get together weekly or every other week so that he has ""unwind"" time to look forward to as well as some gentle guidance.

Thank you all very much for your comments, thoughts and suggestions. I've always said reddit can be an amazing ""place"" and this is just another example of that. My love, respect and best wishes to all of you!

"
"My sister just more or less confirmed that I am not part of her family.. which means I am utterly and completely alone.. No one gives a damn about me..
Not worth shit.. even if I help people with their various computer problems it's not enough to them even caring about me..
I feel like I've had enough.. A whole life and noting to show for it.. except fear, debt and loneliness.. Right now eternal peace seems inviting.."
"Maybe everyone's seen this already, but I thought it was pretty fabulous, and wished I had seen it when I was younger.

**Edit**: [Here's the link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7X7sZzSXYs). Sorry!"
"This is a follow up to [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/needadvice/comments/d3ig6/im_a_20s_recluse_with_social_anxiety_and_trouble/), which explains why I'm looking for help.
As mentioned in the previous post, I should seek out therapy. However I have no insurance, or money and still live with my parents, so I've been considering asking them for help. I've told them nothing of my situation, however I think they suspect I'm depressed and have social issues. My brother was also recently committed for... I'm not sure what, but he was acting insane, depressed, etc., and my cousin also suffers badly from bipolar disorder - so I have multiple family members who have known mental health issues. I also dropped out of high school, but I don't think they know why exactly.

That should provide some background to where I am, so now on to my problem. I don't speak with my parents about, well, anything personal at all. I never have, I'm not sure why, I just have a hard time talking to them about anything personal. There's also the issue of my dad being a bit of a hard ass, and my mom being a massive gossip who, when I went on anti-depressants when I was 12, immediately told everyone in the family (And complete strangers). She also did this when a friend suspected I was going to kill myself, and told her to check on me. Before she checked on me, she called and told my aunt (Who is a school psychologist, but still), who then told everyone else in the family which resulted in being treated much differently and being just ... Awful, both of these experiences made me feel like shit and I never want to experience that ever again.

So... What can I do? How can I stress how badly I need help (What help **DO** I need anyways? Therapy? Doctor? Psychologist? This is a big issue for me, I have absolutely no idea what form of help I actually need), how immediate it is, how **badly** I need to change my life, how long (10 years) I've suffered but have been too afraid to ask for help, how I can't afford to do this on my own and they need to foot the bill entirely, and how **crucial** it is for me, for them to keep this completely private and not tell a soul? I was thinking of telling my mom first while my dad is still out of town, and then she can tell him, but that's as far as I've gotten. I have massive issues with confrontation, especially with my parents on personal subjects and I've known I've needed to do this for quite some time but it's just so terrifying to me.

I really need help reddit, as I expressed in my original post I can't live like this much longer, I've thought of suicide for the past 10 years of my life but have never gone through with it, I'm afraid if I go on much longer without help I'll actually go through with it. I don't want to tell my mom this as she's still deeply worried about my older brother who may very well be schizophrenic or bipolar, but she needs to understand the severity of my situation... Without me having to go into too much detail as to why I (Suspect I) feel like this.

My parents have also been pressing me to find a job for the past few years, and move out. This has been getting significantly worse over the past few months, so I'm fairly sure they just think I'm ""shy"" or like my brother, who is essentially a mooch. They don't understand that when I go out in a social situation, I have literally had panic attacks. Or that I've had crippling depression for the past 10 years of my life, or that I cry on a pretty regular basis, or that just the thought of meeting new people is enough to set me off.

P.S., a great deal of my family members (Including my brother and mom), have thyroid problems. This could be a pretense, but it is nowhere near enough to stress how bad my family is and how I can not function without finding help.


--I'm cross-posting this from 'needadvice', I wasn't aware this section existed or else I would have just posted here. I'm not at immediate risk of suicide, however for the past few hours I've had... Very strong thoughts about it, as I do from time to time and a friend suggested I try posting here instead of needadvice as it's more fitting."
"I know that there are a lot of people who have been in a similar postion to mine and I was really hoping someone could offer me some advice.
Having been depressed for a very long time, with one suicide attempt already, I've really hit rock bottom these last couple of weeks. 
I have to believe that things will get better, but I can barely get through each day, and I really need some help. As it is I hardly eat or sleep, leaving the flat is incredibly difficult, and any advice to get through this would be so very welcome. Self harm is something I've battled with for a long time, but I just can't stop. I can normally distract myself by doing things with my hands, like cleaning or sewing, but nothing seems to work right now. 
I just don't know what to do any more, I wake up every morning wishing I was dead."
"Hi SW,

I go to a pretty hardcore university. I've been here a year, and my GPA is about average with others in my department, but I'm beginning to feel that maybe I'm pretty stupid: stupid in general, and stupid for coming here in the first place. I'm taking slightly more classes than most of my peers, and this probably contributes to my stress, but I cannot drop any of them because I would end up feeling worse about falling even further behind than I already am, having started a semester late after transferring.

The thing is, nobody else seems to have a fucking problem in the world, and the people I do know rather well are handling everything perfectly fine. Am I just slow? How does everyone else breeze through everything here like it's nothing at all to them? Was I mistakenly admitted?

I'm posting here because I've started making lists in my head of good, tall locations from which to jump in order to end it all and skip this fucking grind completely. I couldn't live it down if things went horribly wrong this semester, which has a nonzero chance of happening. I don't think I'm going to do it, but just that this is happening is scaring me.

The semester is getting worse, in terms of heaviness of workload. I don't know for sure what is going to end up happening to me."
"If you have aim, PM me and I'll give you my SN...I would really appreciate any advice, comfort..anything really. Jokes?"
"Went out with some friends tonight, got kinda drunk and ended up so depressed I wandered home without telling anyone so I could burn myself. They were worried when I finally came back, but I made up an excuse about needing to charge my phone. I couldn't get the euphoric effects from it where I usually do it because I was drunk, so I did it on my arm instead. I have a blister now.

I did it because all I could think about was burning myself, and shooting myself. I don't have a gun and couldn't possibly buy one until tomorrow, and tomorrow I won't want to. So clearly I should drive (I'm sober now) to a bridge and throw myself off of it, right?

Went through my phone contacts earlier to try to find someone to talk to about it...but I'm definitely alone here. 

I also know that tomorrow, despite whatever I think needs doing tonight, I will not call a therapist and I'll just be back here in a month until I finally do throw myself off a bridge or something. And I come to reddit and just spew this shit and of course people think they should be fucking aggressive with me, like that's going to keep me around. Fuck. I suck."
"I'm 22 years old. I feel like I'm having a mid-life crisis.

I'm a father, I'm married, I'm overworked, I'm depressed, I'm lonely, and I just don't know how much longer I can take this.

I got married in June 2009 because I got my girlfriend pregnant. Our daughter is now 13 months old. She wanted a baby, and at the time had an uncanny ability to guilt me… I couldn't say no. So, we ""tried"" for 6 months until she finally got pregnant. Normally, I'm a very analytical person… but when we made that ""decision,"" there was no real discussion or actual planning. I just went along with it. I figured it would just be okay: I was helplessly in love with her; I was nearly done with college and had a well-paying Software Engineering internship.  I was already going to school full time while working full time. When she got pregnant, I purchased a 3-family home so we could live rent-free (until recently, the rent from the 2nd and 3rd floors covered our mortgage), using a small loan from my sister for the deposit. I graduated in March of this year and have been working as a Software Engineer ever since. My wife is a stay-at-home mother.

Our daughter was born in August 2009.  There were some complications with the labor and she had to be born quickly… luckily, she was fine, but my wife had to be cut on her vagina in order to get our daughter out in time. It took a while for that cut to heal. It got infected, but she is finally starting to feel better. She keeps going back to the Ob-gyn who has been giving her new medications. The infection is gone, but there is still some spotting… so we still cannot have sex. ""Just 2 more weeks"" Is a phrase I've heard all summer. I am so horny, so often, it hurts. 

Since early July, we have been going to see a marriage counselor: we have a lot of communication problems in addition to our intimacy problems. I understand why she doesn't want to have sex, but we could still be intimate in other ways - at the very least don't let me feel so desperate for attention! When I'm horny, she wants nothing to do with it; I'm on my own.

I love my Software Engineering job, but the commute is ridiculous 3 hours a day (luckily 2.5 hours of the daily commute is on a commuter rail; I mostly spend that time browsing reddit to avoid my thoughts of depression/suicide). I leave my house at 7:20AM and get home by 7:00PM. I'm away from home nearly 12 hours. Then I take care of the baby for an hour and a half before she goes to sleep, since my wife had to take care of her all day….

I feel so over-worked and under-appreciated. I have no fun at all. I work, take care of the baby, often fight with my wife and usually go to bed alone since she stays up late, but I can't fall asleep when she's not there.
Tonight was the 3 year anniversary of when we first started dating. My wife's friend watched our daughter for us. When we got home, another one of their friends came over and the 3 of them went out to a bar. I laid in bed, alone, for hours. We had a fight last Friday because I wanted to go out to the bar more often with her, but she said she ""out grew"" it. Tonight I realized that this was the 4th time she has been out to the bar with friends in the past 5 weeks. I asked her about it when she got home, and she said she felt it would be ""irresponsible"" of us to have a baby-sitter watch our daughter for a night just so we could go out to a bar.
So this is my life. I'm over-worked, very tired, very lonely and very depressed. I want more fun in my life. I have only 1 friend, but he and I rarely hang out since I'm often too busy/tired. I fear my wife and I may get a divorce, but I really don't want that to happen. I don't know how much longer I can keep living this life.


**TL;DR:** I just don't know how much longer I can take this, Reddit. I want to just give up and end it.
"
"WARNING: probable case of rambling. Excuse giant block of text.

Hi SW,

  I'm honestly not sure if this is the right place to post (as I'm not suicidal, just on the extreme end of unhappy/frustrated/those emotions), but this generally seems like a place where people won't make fun and generally try to help. I also apologize if this just sounds like a big whine-poor-me-fest, which in all cases it probably is, I just want help getting out of it.

My situation: Graduated college a little over a year ago, since then have moved to a new town (husband had a job waiting there), and I haven't really made any friends. And until recently I was unemployed, and literally wasn't doing anything. I can't really even describe how I properly feel. Yes I'm sad, lonely, bored, a tad depressed...just ugh.

All I know is that I'm unhappy with my situation, but here's the kicker - I am completely unmotivated to go do anything about it. 

It's like my bodyweight - no I'm not obese, but I could stand to lose about 20-30, yet I can't seem to ever get up and do anything, or if I do, it's for a stretch of about 2-4 days, something comes up, I skip a day, and then it just never happens again.

I've tried (admittedly halfheartedly) looking for clubs, groups, people to hang out with, but to no avail. When I think about it, I don't even feel like going out (uh oh, depression?), but I want someone to call and ASK me what I'm up to, hang out, etc. I have friends online (yay, starcraft II), and friends from my hometown/college that I still talk to, but everyone is at least a 3+ hour drive away.

Ho hum.

I know I need to just *do it*, go out there, try to meet people, but I don't understand my lack of motivation. Earlier today I wanted to go out and do something, but I just kept procrastinating until it became too late....even staying at home on my computer/tv all day is becoming a bore. I just feel like I'm floating...not progressing forwards, not moving backwards either. Just kind of stagnant.

Any ideas on how to kickstart the part of my brain that motivates me to do things?

Note: the job i have now is in a field that I do like, but since I'm newly hired, I get the night shift right now, so I feel like I'm always working when people socialize, and I'm up and ready to socialize when people are working.

I apologize if my block of text makes no coherent sense, I was just reading posts and decide to post my little story as well. Going to bed now so I'll check back here in the morning.

**EDIT: Thanks, didn't know about /r/depression (just as I didn't really know about /r/suicidewatch until a couple days ago.) And thank you all for your kind words. I'm going to try to take everything to heart and see which things work best for me, and hopefully get my situation changing. I know it won't change by itself so I'm going to try to be more proactive**"
"Yesterday after a week of no communication we became very worried about my brother-inlaw.  We contacted his neighbor and he was found in his house.  Yesterday was his 31st birthday. He was my close friend and I considered him my little brother.  I will miss him for as long as I draw breath.

I just wanted to come here and remind everyone that our time here is very short and please if you do nothing else today tell the people you hold dear how much you love them.  And if you are thinking about taking your life please reach out to someone, believe me someone out there loves you very much.   I don't know any of you but I love you, please take care of one another.

I will not be answering any questions, I just wanted to share. "
[removed]
"The first thing I should probably explain is, I'm 17. It's probably somewhat pertinent.
I struggle to recall a period of time greater than 2 weeks where I haven't had everything ranging from ""Stuff sucks"" to ""I'm really sick of this, I just want to die."" thoughts or even suicide attempts.

The tl;dr of it is:

I'm in love with a girl who doesn't reciprocate it.

I can't finish anything I start. (Hobby, education,...)

I hate feeling like a constant stream of failure toward my father. He is THE greatest man I have ever met and no matter how much I want to be a success and make him proud, I always fuck things up. ALWAYS. I've been avoiding contact with him for the last 2-3 months because of this.

I hate the fact I'm overweight. I really do try to lose weight but it's a struggle and back to the second point, I can never seem to finish anything I start.

I hate the way that I can get jealous over the smallest of things.

I really don't see a point to being around here anymore. I'm just a burned upon my friends, family and even to people I haven't even met like the government who're subsidising my education (Which I've broken, again).

I'm not even sure why I'm posting. I've erased and re-written this post several times now. I don't know what I'm trying to say anymore.
The last few day have been a haze to me. I can only recall vague parts of my day and they're usually the worst. Things like, the cutting and the fact I've taken up smoking even though I find it disgusting.

My mind is a mess."
"The last thing I want is for this to come off as some emo post, but I have a feeling it'll end up that way.

What do you say to a guy in his mid 20s with 2 undergraduate degrees, a half completed graduate degree, a steady career, decent income, a beautiful wife, a home, a dog and cat, parents who love him, a 60"" plasma with 5.1 surround sound, a small but close group of friends, a boat, dual citizenship with the UK, and the ability to travel often who hasn't had the desire to live since he was young?

By American standards, I live a pretty good life. I have been working in my professional field ever since I was 19, I got the job just as I finished my freshman year at a very good university. This allowed me to buy pretty much whatever I wanted/needed. While my parents do have money, I have never had to rely on them for anything once I moved out. I'm not saying I should be happy because I can afford nice things, but it sure makes life easier. My wife is actually my high school sweetheart, we've been together for 8 years now, married for two. Unfortunately the marriage isn't going too well at the moment, but everything has ups and downs and it really hasn't contributed to my way of thinking.

I've really felt this way ever since I was about 12. Call it my age of enlightenment, if you will. I realized that while there are shiny parts, the world as a whole is a really shitty place. As I got older I would begin to think about why I'm here, what my purpose is and what impact I would have on the world. I still think about this quite a bit, and not too long ago came to the realization that nothing that myself or really anyone, for that matter, does will ever matter in the long run. Everything comes to an end, whether it's the destruction of a single sell, a single life, or an entire race. Eventually, all life will come to an end. Even if we do achieve manned interstellar travel or find life in other areas of the universe, it will come to an end eventually. At that time, nothing anyone has ever done will matter. I know that's an extremely long way away, but the idea that nothing I do in my life will matter even after two generations is just depressing as hell. It's gotten to the point where I am hoping on nearly a daily basis that on my 30 minute drive to work I'll get in a head-on collision with a drunk driver just leaving the bar, or I'll have an aneurysm while walking my dog.

I suppose I might feel differently if everything in my life wasn't a means to an end, but quite frankly I enjoy technology far too much to just take off and live on the edge.

I don't think I'm a depressed person. I just think I'm someone who's become far too bored with life and find it harder and harder to motivate myself to continue when ultimately my actions will lead to nothing.

Not sure how anyone could even respond to this, since the question is pretty ambiguous. It might be nice if anyone could relate, though.
"
"Right now I don't feel like I really want to commit suicide but I sure as hell have felt suicidal.

I've had a rough day, rough week, ah what the hell...a really bad year. And I don't think it's going to get any better.

I'm just so frustrated and sad and angry and just every negative emotion. I've come to realize that I can't fulfill my dreams.

I've ranted about my life previously on reddit. My mother is evil and my dad does not give a fuck about anything, I hate everything about being a minor. I have no desire to do anything in school. I can't trust my friends and they are pretty much all I have. I'm worried I'm burdening them. And I can't stand the counselor at my school who is the only ""therapy"" I can possibly get.

I think what bugs me right now is that I feel like I'm not allowed to do *anything* I want when it comes to college. And I can't get through a goddamn day w/o hearing that word. I'm miserable. Yesterday in health class I almost broke out in tears because we were talking about depression. My whole problem is that while a lot of kid's parents are supportive in college choices my mother refuses to listen to any arguments from me. She's chosen my life, my fucking adult life. You will go to this college, major in graphic design, and commute. When I try to reason with her that I think I can do better I get screamed at and called every name in the book. And this doesn't just happen with the college talk. I've been verbally abused a lot.

I understand that money is an issue but the college that my mother wants me to go to is seen as the school that *anyone* can get into. I do decently in school, 3.4 gpa with volunteer work and AP classes so I could definitely get scholarships. I know I can do better. But since my mother is irrational I get no say. It doesn't help that my father just goes along with what my mother says.

I just want someone to tell my it'll be okay. I feel horrible now."
"I'm in my mid 20's and my life is absolute shit right now. I keep telling myself that things will get better, but I don't believe it anymore. I can't believe that the adulthood I so yearned for as a child is turning out to be such a cruel joke. I just need to know that it's going to get better. Can someone, anyone, please just tell me it gets better. I know everyone has problems, I know I should be thankful for what I have. I know I'm being weak and whiny, but please, please, just tell me it gets better at some point. Tell me at some point things start to fall into place, because I don't understand how I can be failing so hard at life."
[removed]
"Yo sé que hay muchas personas que hablan español como su lengua materna. Yo siempre estoy disponible para chatear con alguien si me necesita. Envíame un mensaje privado y yo pondremos en contacto con usted de inmediato.

"
"i was having flashes of weird trancendental experiences for days a little while ago.  i couldnt sleep much.  just felt an overwhelming connection to the universe.  the problem is belonging because belonging creates separation and all separation in false.  i have persistent voices, worse today, telling me to hang myself but id rather go the tried and true OD route.  i believe in death i will find true unification.  as far as day to day stuff goes i can't take care of myself and can barely think.  i'm just overwhelmed.  i can't focus on anything i need to get done so i am going to fail.  don't want to wait around for that."
"Hi. I have been considering suicide for a while now. I randomly ended up being a person who just so happens to have quite a few really fucked up, painful, chronic, cure-less ailments that really make most of my life pretty goddamn miserable. As a result of these diseases, I'm in desperate need of health insurance that I can't manage because I can't get a fucking job because of how much of the time I can't drive/feel too shitty to even get out of bad. I spend my life doing nothing, and the depressions I go through are pretty fucked up, or at least I think they are. I self-medicate with a lot of weed, used to go for heroin but being addicted to that shit is worse than the pain it makes go away.

I don't believe in God or any of that bullshit, and I think it's really my choice. But there's no way for me to kill myself without my family and friends having to go through shit. I could never explain to them that I want to do it even when I'm not feeling completely down and depressed, I just don't enjoy living, it's not for me. They would just never understand.

There are plenty of painless ways to go, and I'm unhappy with life and there's nothing I can do about it...why shouldn't I? I don't understand the stigma, but the guilt is enough to keep me from doing it, but that only makes me more depressed.

I just don't really know what to do, about anything."
"...two minutes afterwards, I learn my best friend comitted suicide, in his own room.
Last night I was out with him and he was OK, we got a great laugh, he went home and killed himself.
I am completely lifeless now. I don't know what to think. I can't cope with that fact. I can't face the fact my friend will be burried in the ground. What should I do, Reddit?

**EDIT**: Me and his closest friends have arranged a meeting tonight, I have to call people to tell them what happened but I've lost all my courage. I can't even speak, and I'm just calling hima moron for doing that. Reddit, always ask people if they have problems, he definitely had them, but was too hermetic to talk about it, and this is how he ended up. His family is totally devastated. He was 21, and was a brilliant medical student with straight A's, and I still have no idea what has been bothering him. My day is filled with ""what if..."" moments, but I'm afraid that nothing can right the wrongs, but the fact that stays is that he's dead.

**ANOTHER UPDATE**: Hey guys, first of all, you are awesome. Thanks so much for your support, and advice, I really needed it, I felt alone at the time, but now seeing so much people helping me at this hard time is a real blessing. You all deserve a gigantic hug.

Second, I just came home from what was a meeting of his closest friends. We we're completely blank at the beginning but then started to reminisce all the awesome things he did. He was fun, quirky, sometimes even weird but in a pretty much positive way, and we just standed there and laughed at all those stupidities he did, sometimes we felt like idiots doing this, but we came up to a conclusion that he would enjoy the conversation just as much as we did. I still have to go to the funeral and we still need to put an orbituary in the local paper (I still can't cope with those two things), and I'm completely out of myself right now. I can't even cry, I can't even laugh, but he did his life well, and it's a devastating thing he took it away too early. That's it for now."
"I left my parent's house around 10pm and walked down to the Fremont Bridge in Portland (OR) to jump, my mom knew I was suicidal (something I regret confiding in her) and called the police, and got our neighbors and my good friends driving around all the bridges in downtown Portland. I didn't run into any of them while I sat on the edge but I just couldn't jump. I feel like a prick for not being able to follow through and also now that a lot of people know what I've been trying to do. I ended up sitting on the edge of the bridge for ~10min and giving up, but I was gone over 7 hours (its a good 8-10mile walk from our house). Others in the same situation might make a point to use private browsing/incognito mode to look at potential jump locations, my Mom found out &lt;2 hours after I left =x

Also I'd like to throw out there that conquering your fear of drowning is psychologically more difficult than I originally assumed. I assumed it would be a quick over the rail situation, but my mind knew what was up and made me cowardly. I'm now convinced when I kill myself it will have to be through causes out of my control once the plan is enacted, and at the moment my best bet is lung cancer or alcohol poisoning. That makes me sick. I'm good and drunk now, but I am not looking forward to tomorrow. "
"Here's my story. I lost most of my friends after the college transition. I didn't bother to make friends my first year, didn't see the need. Now in my second year, I broke up with my girlfriend of 3 years to win the heart of someone else, who happened to be in a relationship, but promised that she cared and needed something to motivate her.

I come from an abusive household. My father was very wealthy, but very angry. I remember thinking I was going to die at my father's hands at very young age. But I think I'm past that now.

I don't feel like there's anyone there. I feel my emotions flipping to extremes, and detached from everything. I think I might have Borderline Personality Disorder, but I don't want help. 

Someone tell me it will be okay. Even though I don't think it will, even though I don't want to find someone else, or put myself out to get the support I need.... I want to be alone, but being alone drives me insane. I don't want any of it. I feel exhausted. I've felt this way for at least the last 4-5 months. Help.  


EDIT* - That girl I tried to go after... she broke up with her boyfriend and got back together with him. She won't talk to me (understandable), and I work with her very closely in my job (which I might lose). 

EDIT*2 - I will respond within 5 minutes of you posting in the next hour. "
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pyBB7y8fDU

I've lost everything, I've even lost myself.  I can't stop crying.  I don't want to die, I just don't want to keep living like this.

[EDIT] Thanks to everyone who commented.  I decided to watch The Royal Tenenbaums on netflix on demand.  It is my favorite movie, and watching it in its entirety, instead of only Richies suicide, has reminded me that it is a movie about working through your problems and fighting to achieve what you want.

Thanks again."
"""your depression is rubbing off on me""

She is the love of my life, the world, everything I work for, and most of all my girlfriend. I have really bad problems going back to a divorce my parents had and now I can't trust any woman, not even her the perfect one. I'd give everything for her but I just cant trust. I've been to a counselor about 7 or 8 times not trying to work on this just so I dont lose the one I love, and I get ""attacks"" of this constantly. Today I've been really depressed thinking of hurting myself, anything to gain trust for her but whatever I do it stops. Shes depressed now, Ive been depressed for as long as I can remember. Why does it have to be a LDR she is my life. I hate myelf. How could I do that to her :( I feel like ive ruined everything. I told her I felt I was in a really bad condition today :( And then that came out. I can't keep myself together :(

EDIT: I am feeling a little better thank you for all the help everyone so much. Im going to get some rest and see how I feel in the morning but I will continue to answer then. Thank you again for everyone offering help and willing to take their time to talk to me. I honestly didn't think I was worth it :(. "
[removed]
"Dear reddit,

I am 24 and haven't done anything with my life. All my friends are gone. My girlfriend, who was the world to me, left me for a threat I had seen coming. I have no talents. I have no money. The only people who talk to me are my parents. I'm six foot three, fairly attractive, and someone with capacity for above average thought. But I'm invisible. People hate me immediately. I try to go out and meet friends. But I am just an old creep with no redeeming qualities. I've even tried meeting people online. 

It's hopeless. I have perspective on the human condition, and the futility of life. I wanted to live a good one before I died. But I'm a ghost. And I can't feel anything anymore. I became a cutter just to get the sensation. But I'm finally ready. 

I don't need a suicide hotline or Jesus. I just need someone who gives a fuck. This is my last try. "
"Everything in her life has gone to shit, and i was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back. 
What do i say to her? 
She kind of still loves me.
"
"My problems aren't exactly noteworthy. As I write this, I can see what I would have to do to make myself happier. I see the load of work ahead of me and it just seem like it's too much. 

It's hard to talk about. I don't want the stigma attached with suicide lingering over me. I don't want to be a burden to those friends that I have. I'm generally looked at as a pretty happy guy. 

This isn't an everyday feeling, but it's come up more frequently in the last year or so. I'm the type to do things on a whim. I think it'll happen eventually. I'll decide one day like today where I'm feeling down. 

I'm taking small steps each time. Checking SuicideWatch more frequently, read the coping v resources article. But then I also check sites that tell you the best ways to do it. To make it have as little effect on your family as possible, etc. 

I can't stay inside today feeling like this. So I'm going out to meet some friends and drive to Ottawa. I'd rather jut cry. I'm afraid of this feeling. 

If you read this, thanks. I appreciate it. I feel compelled to put in a tl;dr for some reason. But wouldn't that defy the whole purpose?

*Edit; 
I've noticed now when it happens: every day after an evening of drinking. Seems I've been drinking more and more often. Not just when I drink enough for a hangover, just a few drinks does it. "
"So many frustrated disenchanted young men and women on here with nowhere to channel their frustration and sadness yet a common vein of unmet expectations, failure to relate to a nihilistic world etc....so they attack inwards instead of outwards. Just sayin...imagine a movement of suicidal, angry twenty somethings foregoing suicide for change in the world...wow."
"I am well aware that I am afflicted by a mental disorder.  My best guess would be something along the lines of manic depression or borderline personality disorder.
I've battled with it quite a bit in the past.  In the previous year, things hit a bit of a crescendo.  I was so depressed that I began to sleep 15 hours a day or more, and when I was awake I frittered my time away on whatever could keep my mind off how shitty I was feeling.  Since I was in school at the time, this had a devastating effect on my courses, and my GPA dropped drastically through failure of multiple courses.
I'm in school again now, and I know I have to make a change.  All I'm able to do on the weekends is lay in bed.  I have constant suicidal thoughts.  I've been dealing with these thoughts for many years, so I don't think I would ever do anything but it's disturbing none the less.



My question is; in Canada, as a student between the ages of 18 and 22, what would the best way to get diagnosed and treated by a professional be?  This may seem like a silly question, but I want to be as confidential as possible, and I don't want anyone I know to find out about the process.  I'm well aware of the social stigma involved in mental disorders, every friend I have ever spoke of my condition with has either refused to speak of the subject or has discontinued speaking with me altogether.
"
"I'm not so lost that I'm considering suicide, but I'm the lowest I've ever been in my life. I need to get this out of my chest to someone out there...

Everything started last year. It was a gap year, everything was good, the world was my oyster. Then I met a boy. No, not 'a boy'. I met *the* boy. I never had a relationship and even though i had little crushes I had never liked anyone enough to love them. And oh did I fall for him. He means, everything to me, absolutely, 100% everything, I would go to the ends of the earth for him... Anything I say just sounds naive and cheesy, but I feel something so deep I can't even put it down into words. From the moment we started talking, I knew this was going to be someone very important in my life. I fell in love almost immediately, and I soon learnt he felt the same. The problem is that he was way far in Switzerland.

He came to visit and everything was perfect. He came again and when he went back we decided to make what was already going on 'official'. I went to spend sometime with him in Geneva in December, then finally I moved in with him in February. It wasn't permanent, it wasn't ideal... I don't speak the language and couldn't work, he struggled to make end meet but we made it. We travelled all over Switzerland together, he took me to meet his dad's family in Romania, to Paris on my birthday. I took him to meet my own dad in Brazil, we went to Paraguay. He introduced me to his friends and I got along with all of them amazingly well. He looked after me, he cared for me and I was the happiest I ever been. Let me repeat that, I had the kind of happiness that just makes you beam all day... No matter what was going on I knew everything would be fine because he was there by my side and together we are so strong.

But then... I had to go back to reality. I couldn't stay there forever, I have university and I there's nothing for me to do there. It isn't a question of him not wanting me to be there... But I know he would hate for me to waste my potential doing nothing when I could achieve so much. So I came back to the UK.

And I can't deal with it. I'm a mess, I feel like breaking down all the time, I feel like just hiding under the duvet all day, I haven't eaten much since he left last Wednesday (I had a chicken breast with potatoes, a tiny amount of veggie past and today a spoonful of curry and rice. That's it, in 4 days). I'm physically aching to a point that it hurts to even cry. I want to go back to where I was so happy, so at peace, with him.

On top of that, I'm moved in now but I'm so lonely. I never met anyone like him, that I share so much with and I miss it. I have nobody to talk to, hang out with and I'm feeling so, so fucking lonely. Even his friends... Many of them very quickly became my friends and I'm sure that if not for the language barrier I'd be close to all of them. I don't have this here in the UK, I never quite fitted in.

I know I want a career in graphic art. I just don't know when I'll do it. I'm in for a History and Anthropology course, which I think I'll enjoy. But I'm scared and worried. It isn't a very good course and I'm scared I'm making a mistake... I'm applying to do graphics, but I need to put a portfolio together and I'm in no fit state to do it. There is an amazing design school near where he lives. We talked about it and for my parents, the money they would spend with me being here, would be the same as the money of me being there, even cheaper. My boyfriend said that if I moved in it'd be perfect. But the school is extremely, EXTREMELY hard to get into. I have zero guidance on what I should be doing to apply though. At least being at will give me the chance to really improve my French, which will be needed. I'm pinning all my hopes and chances on getting in, but I don't think I'll be able to make the cut. And I'm so scared, I'm so scared I'm going to have to go through years of being so far from the place that I want to be, with the person I want to be with.

I feel I should say, we sound naive, and stupid. But what we have... It's something you only find once in your lifetime, I want him, absolutely him. We know that one way or another we'll always be so important and such a huge part of each other lives. 

Is anyone out there? Did anyone manage to get this far...? I don't know what to do to make myself ok. I just want to go back home, in our flat in Switzerland, where I should be right now. What do I do Reddit? I'm so lost and scared and alone..."
"The past few months I've felt more than just down. Started a job that sucks, but I've been looking for so long, and it's all I can get so I have to take what I can get. It takes me about 45 minutes to get to work, and an hour to get back so I spend almost 10 hours doing work related things. I work swing shift so I start in the early afternoon and get out in the middle of the night. My girlfriend of almost 2 years was driven away because I'd become distant and angry. Didn't have as much time for her. She met some guy who was, ""emotionally supportive"" and left me for him.

Now I get home, and I just sleep. I don't feel like getting out of bed, don't feel like working out, I only eat a snack before work and I eat lunch at work. I never see any of my friends. even on the weekends. They either don't contact me, or I make up an excuse so I don't have to leave the house. I feel so worthless all the time, this job makes me feel like for the rest of my life I'll have a shit job where I get treated like shit and it eats all my time, even though I'm going to be going to school soon. People tell me to deal with how shitty my job is because it's just what having a job is like, ""that's the working world"". And this thought, combined with my intense feeling of loneliness and worthlessness, sometimes makes me think that living just isn't worth it. I want to stop existing. I hurt inside. So confused. I just want it all to stop. I can bother my friends or family with this, I'll just seem over-dramatic...

I want to get help. I need to get help. But I have no means to get help.
"
"I'm going to do this one way or another.  I'm not exactly a 20-something, or even a 30-something.  I've been considering this since I was a teenager.  I've been miserable my entire life.  I was a happy little kid once, and then a couple of kids (about my age at the time) I'd never met in the park decided to torment me for no reason.  This is one of my earliest memories.  Life has gotten worse since then.

I'm probably going to walk in front of an express train.  I know this will probably ruin the engineer's life, but I can't think of a decent alternative.  Ideally I'd like something like a dozen morphine pills that I could take, fall asleep, and never wake up.

It's not that I'm currently feeling much pain.  I block it out most of the time.  When I let myself feel though, it's debilitating.  It's more that life is pointless, rewardless, and just a chore.  I don't want to wake up in the morning anymore.  I don't want to have to try to go to sleep anymore.  The escapism that I've been using for decades is getting harder to use as I'm going broke.  If I could find work, I could probably keep fooling myself for years yet, but I just got another job rejection this last week, something that had seemed highly promising.

I know the mods don't like people posting methods, but I need some ideas.  If the mods delete any posts with painless workable solutions for me, it means I'll just have to accept ruining a train engineer's life.

Either that or I'll have to get a fake gun and make some poor cop shoot me.

I need something either as quick as possible, or something that puts me to sleep painlessly forever.  A bullet to the head might do the trick but I don't have a gun and not sure how long it would take to get one, even if I could afford one.  Not to mention that I'm not sure how to make sure a single bullet would do the trick.

I am considering the car exhaust trick, but that would require making room in the garage, plus a family member who never leaves the house would hear the car going in there."
"I'm not really sure how to start things, so I'll just kinda say random thoughts.

I'm a 21y/o male and these passed 3 years have been the hardest in my life. I lost one of my childhood friends to suicide in 2008. That was the first time I had to deal with death hitting home..and the hardest thing I've had to deal with in my life. To be honest I never knew what depression was until the morning I found out he was gone. I was happy then, full time job, girlfriend, a place of my own.. After that everything just fell apart.

I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I struggle to get myself out of bed everyday. I deal with my mom busting the door in on her lunch hour streaming how worthless I am and that I need to get a job. My dads been out of the picture since I was a baby, seen him maybe 4-5 times in my life. Ive been single for almost 2 years.. the girl I thought was ""the one"" just started making up excuses to get into arguments with me and broke up with me eventually. Obviously she wanted out, who could blame her.

After I became single and moved home, I was fired from my job because I couldn't gather up the will power to get myself to work in the mornings.. I would just sit in my room and cry for hours. I faked sick for along time so my mom wouldn't question my motives. But the truth is I've been sick all my life. I was declared clinically dead for 2 minutes when I had a bad allergic reaction and my lungs closed up. So you could say I've had a dramatic life.


At this point.. I'm reaching the end of my rope, which is why I'm turning to you reddit. Ive been apart of your community for about a year now, spending countless hours browsing, up and down voting, speaking my mind..

So here I am.. 4am. I dont sleep at night, my sleep schedule as been so altered by this I stay up to about 8 or 9 am and sleep til 5-6 pm and do it all over again. Its been this way for a few months now. I guess I'm begging for some sort of advice. I applied for some jobs, but all shot me down because of the job I got fired from, he gave me a bad reference and told employers that I was unreliable in a situation of stress..

I would say I've turned to my friends for help, but thats not the case. This is a small town and most of my friends are off in college across the state or outta state. One of my best friends is currently in the process of moving, and he's pretty much my last life line. When he moves I will have no one.. literally no friends here.

I almost feel.. abandoned. But I have so many feelings that they are just bunched up in the pit of my stomach and I can literally cry on command. Sad..lonely..unwanted..depressed.. normal feelings from a day to day basis. Ive tried medication, but it only made things worse. I need some options, I feel like I have no one to turn to or no where to go. Ive been offered a place to live outta state, but that requires me getting a job (hard to when one of my only references trash talks me). I've felt so hopeless and lost for so long. Please.. help me.

Edit: 
  Don't expect people to see this but its worth a shot. So I said enough, ended up packing my things and moving out to Colorado and getting a job and staying with a friend. A few months of that was amazing, lots of fun. But things fell back into the same old pattern, my friend had a girlfriend and was always with her so I spent most of my nights by myself in a strange place where I didn't know anyone cept my friend. So the cycle repeated itself, woke up, worked all day at a super stressful job that i hated (forced myself to so i could move), came home, showered, went to bed/played video games, repeat. The only thing that kept my sane was the mass amounts of marijuana i smoke to keep myself regular.

I basically broke back into depression and ended up moving home in the middle of January, been here ever since. I literally have no ounce of motivation in me.. 

WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!? I snap at people with anger cuz I get frustrated. I constantly worry about my appearance or how I come off to other people. I never want to go anywhere. I always feel anxious, like everyone is judging me behind my back and I'm some big joke. I get walked on by other people because I try to be nice all the time. I'm liked by many but I'm not social. All of my high school/close friends have moved away or they are gone for college. I'm so confused. I'm lost.

 I have people coming after me for money, I could potentially go to jail at anytime for debt. I need help.. from someone, anyone. I'm so sick of being lonely, I've even tried to start 2 relationships since I last posted and I don't even have enough motivation to keep them going. I'm empty, every day is the same thing over and over and over, I seriously think I'm done. I can't keep putting pressure on my mother to keep supporting me and causing her to get stressed because she is having financial problems of her own then I stack mine with hers. 

I need some sort of advice.. anything."
"I have been having suicidal thoughts for as long as I can remember, attempted suicide several times and spent a great deal of time at the hospital where I was given a couple of diagnosis and treated for them.


I’m now in my early twenties, have been off my medication for four years and am generally doing okay. I still have suicidal thoughts, but I also have a lot to live for and I realise that I’m not ready to leave this world, so I can honestly say that they are no longer a problem.


The problem, however, is that I can’t stop thinking about harming myself in.. other ways. I have been cutting myself since I was eleven, but I had my scars removed by surgery four years ago and since then it has become a lot less frequent and severe.


About six months ago I met my boyfriend, who is a very loving and caring boyfriend, and who inspired me a lot and made me truly want to recover. Not just get better, but fully recover. And so I made the decision to stop cutting myself. I don’t want to cut myself anymore, I don’t want any more scars.


But lately I can’t stop thinking about it. I almost feel like I need it. Every time I see a sharp object, all I’m thinking is how good it would feel to push it against my skin and watch myself bleed. I’m afraid to go to the kitchen, to cook, because I know that as soon as I have a knife in my hands, I will want to stab myself with it.


I don’t know what to do. I’m afraid I might lose control or something. Please help."
"I can't believe I'm doing this... here goes nothing I guess...
I've been getting the feeling more and more that I'm just waiting to die. I think about death all the time. I go up to the roof of my apartment complex and just stare at the edge... One time I even wrote the suicide note and started running for the edge, but I couldn't do it, I couldn't jump. I'm writing this now because I feel like this might be the day....
I guess I was never a particularly happy person before but I really started to be depressed senior year of high school when I found out my stepfather had molested my sister when she was a child. The truth didn't come out for years and we lived with that fucker until we found out.
I've been to therapists, I've been on medicine, I feel like I've tried everything but nothing seems to work. Weed helped for a little while but that doesn't do it for me anymore either. 
After high school I got more into the anarchist scene. That helped for a little. The feeling something real was at stake, that maybe I could affect a real lasting change in this world, and the bravery and trust of the random strangers I'd meet who shared this belief. But of course this respite didn't last long. Around the same time I realized I wanted to be a writer. But I haven't written anything in a while. I can't write anymore. It's so hard to enjoy anything anymore. I feel like I""m falling apart. College started three weeks ago but I haven't been able to bring myself to go a single class yet. I've talked to my friends and family but there's only so much you can say.I mean sure they'd be sad if I was gone but that still doesn't make me feel any better really. I can't just live for them and  It's not like they can live my life for me. Every man is an island...
I just keep thinking that there has to come a point when the good does not outweigh the bad... I feel like I already live so many small deaths every day already. When I can sleep, I sleep for 12 or 14 or 16 hours a day, I do drugs, I watch shitty tv, I sit in traffic, I wait in line, I watch the minutes the clock at school. I kinda just feel like If I'm just going to watch my life tick away I might as well not prolong this anymore...
This city sucks, this country sucks, this world is shit and I'm just tired of everything. I'm tired of being a 20 year old virgin who's never ever kissed a girl he actually liked. I'm tired of waking up to alarms, I'm tired of school, of work, , I'm tired of people and I'm tired of feeling like shit all of the time. I'm tired of throwing stones in a river and hoping it damns up. I'm out of stones.
Reddit, I'm just fucking tired and I could really use your help right now...

edit: Thanks for everyone's responses. I managed to fall asleep at 10am and just woke up a little while ago. I guess I really should try to go back to college... I'm registered for classes but haven't been to any classes yet, I really hope I still can go back this semester and I didn't just waste a bunch of money... Also maybe it is time to get back into activism. I used to serve food to the  homeless with food not bombs for about two years until I got burnt out on the issues with the group."
"I promise I'm not a creeper or spammer or anything. I just want to send you something in the mail. I don't really know what, but just *something*. Just something so that you know there's actually a real, live person out there who cares about you and whether you live or die.

It will definitely have a letter in it. Depending on how big a response I get, it might have something else. I don't know what, but I'll try and have something else. Even if it's just a stupid picture that I drew for you.

So yes, please send me your address (via PM), and I *will* send you something in the mail. And I'm not going to just send the same thing to everyone. It will be something unique, just for you. As I said, it will be a letter for you, if nothing else.

Thanks for reading, and please remember that I care about you.

EDIT: Actually, anyone that's having a hard time, please PM me your address, and I'll send you something. As someone who has struggled with self-harm but not suicide, I don't want to exclude anyone.

**EDIT 2:** I don't know if anyone is still checking this, but let me know if you requested a letter and still haven't received it."
"Maybe I don't understand the up/down vote mechanism. But it seems people are *downvoting* submissions to SW. Some have at least 3 downvotes.


If you've ever downvoted a submission, would you please explain why? 


Thanks!"
Folks - I smell a nest of rats. All that's left is to collect some sort of payment info. Watch the SW threads &amp; see if any throwaways start asking for money.
"I'm not at risk of hurting myself. But I want to know what I should be doing to help myself get through this.

He was one of my life long best friends and some one I proudly called a brother. He was killed in Afghanistan by an IED, he wasn't even a combat troop.

I've been crying constantly since it happened. I got the call while loading a bowl and now I cant even push myself to smoke it. But I will in his honor since him and I always did.

I have problems opening up to my friends about these kind of things and he was one of the people that used to help me with this stuff. He had been there for me for ever other death I've had to deal with.

I need to get the voice mail his wife left me telling me about what happened off my iPhone. can some one help me find a way with out jail breaking my phone?

this was a dumb little poem I wrote for him when he joined the army

to Tim, my brother
a seed from cali grows the same in texas
you may be cali raised and im texas made, but you are my bro and we chief alike
stay strong man, peace easy and stay safe"
"Today I created [r/inmemoryof](http://www.reddit.com/r/inmemoryof) for people to post pictures and stories of their lost loved ones.  If you have something to share please stop by.
 
And please be respectful."
"I have so much to live for, so much to do, but the more I go on with my life, the more I think of how sweet death would be for me. 

My mother killed herself, she was 400 lbs, and to gain that perfect image we are so use to wanting, to be thin, fit, beautiful, she decided to get a gastric bypass which in turn made her lose weight too fast, which in turn ended her life a year later. When I saw my mother, I said to myself that I'd create a goal that I know I'd be able to achieve, to honor her. I wanted to be a sound designer. I gave myself a 5 years time limit. 

It's 5 years later, and I ... feel like  I'm standing at the tip of a very sharp knife. One wrong move and I'll fall, and if I don't make a move, I'll slip into the knife, it cutting me in two. Why did I make this goal? This isn't what I want to do, I feel like I wasted my time, worked real hard, and am not a sound lead with miserable pay and no friends. I did it for her, now I'm finding many things I want to do, and no financial resources or stable job to do it with. Every year or so, we may get let go if we don't pick up a project, thats just how the gaming industry works. 

I think the thoughts of suicide have been vigilant ever since I met this guy who liked being around me, I developed feelings for him. I had gotten tons of money, about $20 grand that I had saved up, and I spent it all with him in a matter of 8 months. We spent it on dining out, booze, and weed. 

Unfortunately, he's straight and every time he spoke of sex with another woman, it made me want to vomit -- not because it was gross, but the thought of getting that kind of pleasure from him only made me want to hurt myself for not being a woman. 

He's really good looking, and he gets away with a lot of things because of his charming approach. I guess jealousy is the best way to describe this. people treat me different at work, they treat him nice even if we do the exact same thing. I'm like that with him as well, and I ... want to kill myself for it. 

I'll never be with someone like him, and thats where I, who weigh 350lbs (following in my mothers footsteps) decided to lose weight. 70 lbs lighter now, I took a closer look at my situation, turns out, I'm deluding myself to think I could be with him if I lost weight. 

Never, I'll never be with him... To think that irrational love would push me over the edge to suicide... 

In recent days, I have been finding many different creative ways to kill myself, stabbing my left arm, chocking myself out with rope, gouging my eyes out, hair dryer in the bath tub. So far, I have only tried gouging my eyes, cut myself, and choke myself, all unsuccessful attempts. 

Help? I don't want to die, but the thought of suicide are so strong right now..."
"Heavily medicated and undergoing therapy for years. My life has been gradually improving over the past couple of years. Losing weight, making friends, relationships, education...

None of it is making me any happier. I put on a mask and act happier, I lie to the doctors and say I'm feeling better. None of it really matters anymore to me. I earned my GED. What good is it if I can't use it to further my education? It's not good enough to enter engineering; instead I have to go to community college and upgrade. Calculus and trigonometry and whatnot. That's fine, except I can't pay for it. If I work to pay for it, I won't have the time to go to school. It would take a year of working to save up enough money to pay for it, and that's assuming I don't have to eat or live indoors during my school time. Or I can take a worthless arts degree and go into massive debt and waste 4 years of my life.

I'm just so tired of suffering because my anxiety made me fail high school. How much longer is this going to be going on?"
"I am in my 50's and have dealt with depression for a good bit of my life.  It is based both in genetics and life experiences.  After seeing my Mom lose her life to depression, I resolved to fight it.

I have altered my diet to lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, much less sugar, and no fast food/junk food.  No more caffiene. I also have a light exercise program involving walking, bike riding, and morning exercises.  Over time this has been very beneficial to my mood and health.

I've discontinued all forms of medication (don't do this without consulting with your doctor).  Recently, I had some tendenitis in my shoulder and started taking ibuprofen every day for about two weeks.  Suddenly, my depression returned.  After doing some searches I discovered that there is some evidence that ibuprofen can affect mood in some people.  I discontinued it and switched to an herbal anti-inflammatory.  My depression lifted in a couple of days.  What a difference.  And ibuprofen is considered generally safe for everybody.

Most important, I have some social contacts that keep me going.  A young man in his 20's that used to work for before moving away has continued to be my friend.  He calls me two or three times a week for absolutely no reason other than to have someone to talk to on his drive home from work late at night.  His calls always lift my spirits.  He has likely saved my life many times and has no idea.  He's just being a friend.  I would be letting him down to not be here.

I was very depressed at times in my early 20's and again in my 30's and yet again in my 40's.  In the worst of times I was very suicidal.  Each time after agonizing through the situation, new opportunities and friendships have developed.  I am SO glad now that I did not end my life during those dark times.  Things have gotten so much better.  Please consider that no matter how bad things may seem, continuing to live brings new and unexpected things, and they can be very good.

My Dad is very old now and is becoming more and more dependent on me.  He has been a good Dad and helped me through life.  I am so glad to be alive to return the favor.  He situation would be very bad without my help.  When I was younger, I never considered this issue.  Now I realize that I NEED to be alive to take care of my Dad.

I have lurked on this sub-Reddit for a good while, and I have seen last of desperate posts and lots of positive and uplifting responses.  I just wanted to contribute in some way.  I hope you'll consider some of these ramblings from an old guy that's happy to still be here.

Feel free to communicate if you need someone."
"I'm new to SW, so I don't really know the protocol here. I'm just going to wing it and I apologize for the long post.

----

A bit of background before the main story:

I've battled various forms of depression for a long time, albeit undiagnosed. I have anger issues that I mostly handle well these days, but even that is getting hard to handle.

I get into situations where I feel trapped or not in control, and I can't handle it. I have issues with rejection and guilt. I feel isolated and alone all the time, and I've burned friendships by constantly being a ""drama queen"" for lack of a better word (although ""drama king"" might be more apt, as I'm male).

When I was in college, I dabbled a bit with self harm, a habit I've mostly broken but had an issue about two years ago where I gave myself a black eye. In college, I would often get so stressed and pissed off at myself that I would repeatedly punch myself in the face. Sometimes I took a pair of scissors and ran a line down my arm or leg - not to bleed, just to see the line.. hopefully you understand what I mean. At least once I got really pissed off and stabbed myself in the leg with a pen.. I think that one bled a little bit.

My dad apparently knew my issues, at least insofar as he knew my predisposition for stress and the challenged I faced, real or perceived, and the difficulty I had in finding my way. I know this, now, because he visited me (I live several states from where I grew up and where my family is) recently, and under the influence of alcohol he admitted to me that he was surprised I was still alive. I guess he had been pretty convinced I would die by my own hand.

I'll admit that in high school and college I had seriously considered ending my own life. I guess I didn't find it a big deal since I had read a pamphlet saying that something like 1 in 3 teens seriously considered ending themselves, and maybe 1 in 10 forms a serious plan on how they would do it (I mentioned this to a counselor once, and they told me it was bullshit.. this rocked my world and both made me distrust the counselor and also made me more convinced I was weird and wrong and stupid). I'd fall into the latter category, having thought seriously about how I could kill myself. There was a usenet group - probably still is - I think it was called alt.suicide.methods - that talked about how you could kill yourself. This was my therapy, as somehow realizing that there were others who wanted themselves dead so badly put my life in perspective. It's morbid and weird, but it worked.

That's my backstory. Here's why I'm writing:

My girlfriend has obvious depression issues, and I feel they're my fault. You see, I've been out of work for a bit over a year - more than half our relationship. When we got together, I had a well paying job and I could handle the bills without trying. She works in retail, and makes roughly minimum wage. She hates her job, as I did when I was working, and often gets depressed at night before bed, particularly when she has had the day off and is facing work the next day.

When this happens, I get really, REALLY anxious. You see, I feel like it's completely my fault. If I hadn't got myself fired, or if I had found a job by now, she wouldn't have to work, and she could quit and find something better. Note that I know this wouldn't solve anything, because sometimes she's worse when she's not working, like weekends or holidays. She gets bored (which I also blame myself for, for not being able to entertain her properly) and gets fidgety. I can't help her, so I feel I've failed as a boyfriend.

I also don't pull my weight around the house. This is a legitimate complaint of hers, since I do let garbage pile up and the dishes aren't clean. The dishes are partially her fault though, since they've sat so long that bits of food have created an odor which makes me gag. I told her long ago that while I could clean the ""common dishes"" on top - plates and things we use often - I needed her to handle the lower stuff since I couldn't. She never helps, though she does repeatedly make plans for us to do it ""on her day off.""

I'm a very passive guy, so I don't push the issue at all. In fact, I don't feel like I have the right to do anything when she gets depressed. I feel like anything that happens is my fault since I can't help her, and... I don't know, I just generally hate myself.

I also partially blame her for our predicament - our money issues. If we hadn't been together when I lost my job, the first thing I would have done would have been to move back home. I miss my family, and I hate living here. After I lost my job, I lost touch with my coworkers so I don't have friends here. I could have moved in with my mom until things got settled. I know I shouldn't think like this, but the thought does cross my mind from time to time.

Hell, we could still move back there, but we have a cat, and my mom has a cat and a dog. It wouldn't work. A friend (one of my two remaining ""active"" friends, though one who has seriously threatened to kill me when one of his exes and I fooled around a bunch of times while they were together - me and him are surprisingly good now) has also warned me about moving my girlfriend in with my mom. I guess it's like Georges ""worlds are colliding"" thing in Seinfeld.

It just feels too much to handle now. Guilt about my girlfriends issues being my fault (though she swears it's not because of me, other than my lack of cleaning). I sort of want to break up with her since being around her in her condition is seriously fucking with my own mental state - this too is causing me a lot of guilt. Also the money issues (we're essentially living on credit right now), and my complete inability to find a job in a field I trained in for years. It's all so hard to me that I sometimes feel like I should just kill myself and get it all over with. I really want to just end it, but I can't.

I can't for a couple reasons: 

The standard reason goes for me as well: I'd just hurt the people who care for me (the gf, parents, etc.). I've never understood this reason because it comes down to ""you love me so much that I have to endure agony so that you don't hurt when I'm gone"" which seems like such bullshit to me. If I can't take this, then what the fuck right does anyone have to tell me I can't end my own suffering. Fuck you!

The other reason is God. I'm not religious, but I do have a peculiar take on religion. Where religious people take the side of ""there's a god and he'll smite you to hell"" and athiests say ""there's no god, no afterlife, it's all bullshit,"" I take a more middle-grounded approach:

There *may* be a God. There *may not* be a God. Heaven and Hell may exist, or they may not. I cannot know with certainty either way, so I'll try not to do anything that would send me to the fire pits just in case.

This means I can't kill myself. I feel like I'm physically incapable of it, since I could be wrong about God and being wrong means burning for eternity.

As an aside, this is probably all that keeps me good in general. I have real evil inside of me, and I know it. If I weren't fearful of God, I'm quite certain there would be a trail of bodies behind me. There *are* people I would kill. Full stop. I'm a bad, bad person held together by a little bit of moral duct tape and a healthy fear of the potentially almighty. I have issues handling other peoples emotions. I'm not actually a sociopath, since I do feel certain things, but I often can't relate to other peoples pain. This also makes it hard on me when my girlfriend is sad.

I guess this means this isn't a ""real"" suicide watch post, as I don't feel any imminent danger I'm actually going to kill myself. I just need help with handling my feelings.

I'm sorry for taking up so much of your time, but if you've made it this far, thanks for reading. It's been pretty cathartic for me.

---
tl;dr: My girlfriend is sad, and it's making me sad. I feel guilty because she hates her job but is stuck because I don't have one. I get depressed, but I don't feel I have the ""right"" to be sad since a) she put up with me when I was depressed about my job, b) I've been accused of ""making things about me"" in the past, so I don't want to burden her with my issues"
Long time with depression. Basically broke upwith bf tnight. He doesn't give a shit. Statrwide meeti g in 2 hours. Would rather keep chowing down pills. One per half hour. Love ya but not enough
"I've been thinking over the past few months of either drinking or starving myself to death (the former would be a lot more fun, I think) to spite my mother, who has so completely destroyed whatever life I could have had after my father died when I was a kid. She's been ""accidentally"" mismanaging her diabetes her whole life with the hope that she'll be reuinted with him, putting me in the position since I've been in middle school of practically daily keeping her alive. not to mention that having to call paramedics at all hours of the night makes neighbors hate you. which is compounded when you live in a small community and can't really leave due to the stupid car culture in the US. 

Anyways, this isn't a rash decision. I've been contemplating it for a while, and it would take some real dedication to pull off. What it comes down to, is do I want to cause her pain more than I want to save people I know from pain, and honestly, I'm pretty comfortable with the answer being yes. I can't even be sure this can make her see how everything we do impacts those around us, but I hope it does. and I hope she suffers because of it."
"Inspired by [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/des4w/reddit_life_can_be_hard_and_sometimes_you_dont) I figured reddit could make a community of people to talk to that's a bit more intimate than r/suicidewatch/depression/whatever. User ccllaarrkk made the skype name ""redditfriend"" and I made ""redditfriend01."" If you want to be there for people to talk to then make a skype account ""redditfriendXX"" where XX is replaced with a number. It would be easiest if you made an account with the lowest number available. 

So if you're feeling down then feel free to give one of us a call. Make a throwaway skype account if you want to remain anonymous.


To the mods: If this gets any traction then perhaps you could add this in the sidebar or in SuicideWatch Resources."
"I've changed my mind.  I want to say goodbye to reddit, and everyone here.  This was a dummy account anyways.  

Thanks to everyone on suicide watch who helped me out the other night, including that special person who texted me just to cheer me up.  I had a wonderful two days after that.  Thank you.  

But the reality is, I can't live in this world.  I was really looking forward to seeing things like the 10/30 rally and maybe seeing some of you there.  But I won't be attending.  I hope you all have the best of lives, and can be happy.  I wish you the best.  Goodbye.  "
"I'm 27, married with a kid.  I've been depressed for years.  My marriage slowly fell apart, and then 2 weeks ago we seperated.  I've been using occasional illegal drugs to numb the pain, but am trying to quit this week.

I feel as though my situation, when viewed in its entirety, is hopeless and bleak.  I have friends but none of them can help. 

Last week I tried to kill myself.  I researched the lethal dosage of cocaine, bought double that, then ingested all at once.  It didn't work, although I think I almost died.  Now, I feel as though I want to take another stab at it.  I am waiting for my paycheck so I can go buy a pistol to take care of the problem.

I have a nice job, and just want space to heal.  Life doesn't give you space though.  I know what I need to do in my life to improve, but its so much work that it doesn't seem worth it.  I can't even afford a therapist when all of my bills are being paid.  I am right back in the old pre-suicide routine of business, work and obligatory chores.  Since then, I haven't had a moment to myself - just the obligations of life to deal with and I am bitter about all of it.  Get up, get kid up, drive to work, work all day, pick up kid from sitter, come home, make dinner, get climbed all over by kid, read mail, clean living room, dishes, crash out, repeat.  That sort of empty game.

Every day, I sink into a horrible mood where all I can do is think about working on my suicide.  I want to quit my job, sell my belongings, and end it.  I have spoken with suicide hotlines and dozens of crisis counselors but haven't found any of it helpful. I am posting on the off-chance that someone has something generally meaningful to say.  It's worth listening, at the very least."
"i'm living in my van, had employment insurance before but that's run out, and i just... can't. i don't fucking care about anything, including continuing to live. i have no hope or dreams. so i can't work. why the fuck would someone continue to keep pushing through this shit when they have nothing to hope or look forward to?

i just know i'm too much of a chicken to kill myself. so i'm going to end up homeless on the street, starving (i already only eat one meal a day to stretch out my money)."
[removed]
"I am thinking of adding up my meds to see if I have enough......

"
"Fuck this.  Therapy, meds, changing shit, nothing works.  I hate this.  I hate being depressed.  I hate everything and just want everything to go away.  Tonight's the night.  I've got a shit ton of pills ready to take, a few months worth of lamictol, adderall, klonapin, and some muscle relaxants.  See all you in hell."
"I don't even know where to start. I've had suicidal thoughts since middle school, even going so far as having counselors find out before I could try it (friend turned me in). It usually revolves around my general lack of self worth. I really bring nothing essential into this world and don't know why anyone would want to keep me alive.

I'm 25, still live at home because my job doesn't pay enough to live on my own. I know my parents love me, but I feel so worthless. I have a mediocre job, failed out of college (due to depression), and haven't had a meaningful relationship with a girl since 2004.

I go through so many ups and downs throughout the year. Most days I'm fine, but it's more my mind forcing myself to feel fine. But days like today, I just feel like eating a bullet. I've had the barrel in my mouth 3 times in my life, but can never work up the courage to pull the trigger. I'm hoping maybe one time it misfires and does the job for me.

I'm sure like most people wishing to die, I wonder if it would matter to anyone. I mean really matter. Would their life change? no, it wouldn't. Maybe my parents, but that's just because I live with them.

I simply don't know if I can handle the routine of trying to will myself out of this cycle. It's so much work and effort for maybe a few months of comfort, and then I'm right back here thinking about how I could end my life."
"Basically that. I am in my one room with my 5 other roommates and trying no to have them notice me crying. I chatted my freind on facebook asking if I could go to dinner with ""them"" (his group of friends that apparently isn't mine). He said I was acting too weird lately and too on edge. Im on lexapro, and while it has improved things, when I am with friends I get super excitable. I don't get into arguments but I get loud. I've always been kind of loud and stuff but I guess too much now.

I have no other friends. All the times I just suspected he was ignorinjg me have been confirmed. I am 200 miles from ""home"" but I was home all summer and that's when I started feeling suicidal.

I don't feel so suicidal right now. In the last week or so I realized that for the first time int he long time I knew what it felt like to be glad to be alive. But it was only because I got to see my friends more. I don't know how I'll make it.

I am really sad that me and my really close friends all switched colleges and they formed this great group of friends and then deliberately I am not included. 

Fuck. I am hysterical."
"For the last few years, and of and on before then I have constantly been in very deep dips (by dips, I mean depression, suicidal thoughts, and suicidal attempts), sometimes lasting weeks, even months, and things got better eventually. I was glad that I didn't end it then, because for a few moments I was happy with life. But then it went downhill again, and after many wash and repeats of this I realized that most of my feelings and thoughts are negative.

I was going to make my post quite lengthy, but I decided to just sum it all up into one recurring thought in my head: What's the point of staying alive if your life is more disappointing than it is rewarding or happy? Sure, you can always have the hope that somehow things will get better, but if things are bad and maybe do get better only to get bad again, what's the point? You're living a miserable life, who wants that?

Thank you for any feedback."
"Ever since around 8th or 9th grade, I've gone through periods of time where I want to kill myself.  This might last for a couple of days to a couple of weeks, but then it will go away once I hit rock bottom and try to turn my life around.  Invariably, though, I will soon reach a point again where I feel depressed, and the cycle will repeat.  I think I am at one of those low points again, because for the past day or so I have felt like everyone hates me and is making fun of me behind my back (without much evidence for this actually being true), and I've felt really out of place.  All day, I've just wanted to run away from college and go die of starvation in the wilderness or something.

I've always attributed these feelings of depression to something concrete that is happening in my life (whatever the main problem is at the time that it hits; whether it is lack of friends, sleep deprivation, or whatever), and also to me being really bad at getting my shit together in my life.  But I'm beginning to think that this is just a pattern which my brain has become locked into, where I will cycle through depression, then come out of it for a while, then fall back into it again, etc. Is this possible? And how would I go about fixing it?"
"Hi.  I have bipolar I and a very shitty life on top of it.  I am stalked by my ex who is completely psychotic.  She follows me around Reddit down voting everything I post and tells everyone I beat her when I didn't because she knows it will make people feel sorry for her and it will hurt me.

I'm in love with a woman who would be perfect for me.  Problem is, while I walked three hours each of three days, two ways, to see her in the hospital, her boyfriend wouldn't go see her and only called to bitch her out as she laid sick for a week now.  That is, until he heard I was going there.  He *does* beat her, puts her down constantly, does not get her insulin, will not let her see a doctor until she is deathly ill, and will not allow her to do anything to better herself.  Guess who she picks?  I walked three hours there today, and when I got there I found out he was coming, so without a break I walked three hours back.

I have children I never get to see.  I am disabled, have no vehicle, own my own home and get by fairly well all things considered.  My children are my world, and I call them as often as it seems I can without annoying anyone.  But although my child support is paid, I haven't seen them in two years.

I could go on.  My life, in every way, is fucked -- except that I am not homeless.  I am one of the lucky ones.  But this is an old place and is falling apart.  Without the money to fix it, I will be homeless some unknown time in the future, at least for a transitional period.  I'm college educated too with two degrees, but can't find a job I can hold.

Bipolar leads to suicidal thoughts.  I'd be locked up if I admitted to an authority that I have a foolproof, painless plan for how to do it and know I could.  **BUT FUCK THAT** 

I **WILL NOT** die.  You know why?  Because of the crapfest that is my life, I've only given you folks a tiny sliver of a glimpse, and this shit has not killed me yet.  I will feel better.  I will hit the up part of my bipolar cycle.  I will be glad to be alive.  And I know I will.

So, suicidal ideation is no excuse to actually use gesture.  And to all of the people out there, know: It will get better.  No matter how good an end to the hurt sounds, even when sentenced to a life of guaranteed repeating hurt, it **will** get better.  Remember this.  Repeat this.  Think of all the times you wanted to do it, and all the times after that you were glad you didn't.  You've won this fight so far.  Keep kicking ass because it can not beat you."
"Hey,

Last night I was seriously considering suicide, after murphy's law has pretty much been proven for me. Reading this subreddit however gave me some strength and got me in bed. This morning, one of the main reasons that made me feel like ending it all, has gone away, and I have hope now..

Thanks."
"otherwise, fuck it.

I'm a disabled soon-to-be ex-Soldier. I have a wife who can't keep the house from being stinking filthy since APPARENTLY I was the one doing everything around here. It's been 4 yrs since I was wounded in Iraq, the meds don't help the pain, in fact I'm weaning off the narcs right now. Down to 15mg oxycontin/day from 120mg....

Anyway, my kids need me, right? If I wasn't here they'd probably die since their mother has no fucking situational awareness. The kids (1 and 3, btw) could be setting the house on fire in the same room and she wouldn't notice if she's ""doing something"". (TV, reading, phone, video game, surfing the net, or one of her Goddamned ""hobby projects"" that she starts, buys a ton of shit for, but never finishes.)

I know I feel like shit right now 'cause of the detoxing, but I've been feeling like this shit isn't worth it for 2-3 years now. Up and down, depending on what meds the Army's got me on...

And now, I know that without being doped up on narcs, I'm going to be a crappier dad, I'm so fucking angry without them.

I don't want to deal with this. Don't fucking tell me life is worth it, ""you'll hurt the one's you love"", etc. No shit, that's all true, but my death will be a moment in their timelines, and will pass. My suffering is eternal."
"Life pretty much sucks. I am a drug addict, hooked on pain medication for the last 5 years. It has ruined my life, and I now have to stop. The thought of quitting is unbearable to me. I cant even fathom the thought of never having another dose. Also, I have been taking a pretty high amount, so my tolerance is pretty high, and when I go without for more than like 18 hours I start to be miserable (starting with emotional/mental pain, followed soon by real bad withdrawal symptoms like a flu, diarrhea, aching bones, skin crawling, restlessness, insomnia, the whole works).

I have had to detox several times in the last few months, and I know for sure that when I go through it, I always start thinking about the easy way out. There are only two options to make the pain go away, and the other one is pretty hard because I don't have any money to buy any more stuff.

It really can't get any worse for me, unless I lose my job, which might very well happen since I now have to detox and wont be able to work for shit for a good 10 days. My job is the only thing I have going for me, and even it sucks (high stress, low pay). 

I am essentially homeless (caused by my drug problem) staying on someones couch. These people don't know I'm an addict, so when I start detoxing they will probably figure it out and boot me out the door. 

I have zero friends. I have never had sex before. I had a girlfriend when I was 17-18, and apparently I turned her gay because she only likes girls now. The only family I have is my parents. Both of them are also drug addicts, both of them don't work, and I have been supporting them for as long as I can remember. I remember when I got my first job I started paying the rent at our apartment just because I didn't want to be evicted because I wanted to stay close to my soon to be ex-lesbian-girlfriend. So my options were move away from the only person I thought cared, or support my parents drug habit. I want to get along with my parents, but I cant because my mom did some really hurtful stuff when I was younger and every time I look at her I think about it. Hell, almost every TV show I watch on TV reminds me of it so it drives me crazy.


I never thought I would be in this position when I was younger. Never thought drugs would be my downfall. I hate complaining about it because I know everyone has problems, much of which are worse off than mine. I never thought I would be one to consider suicide as a viable option. I made fun of those people my entire life. I still do. In my opinion most people who talk about suicide are attention seekers.


--

Here I am now though, I have been thinking about the final option pretty steady for the last week, and haven't stopped thinking about it all day today. Add that to the fact that I will be starting my withdrawal symptoms in a couple of hours, and I don't quite know how things are going to go.

I'm not even sure why I'm typing this here. I don't think there is anything anyone can say to change anything. I guess I just want a final record of my thoughts if I do go, and since I don't have anyone who cares about me, this is the only place I can write where people might actually read my thoughts. I really wouldn't worry though, I am a pussy. I don't think I have the balls to take my life. If nothing else, if feels better to have typed out some of the stuff up there.

-------------------

**Edit 9am**: last night I managed to get a little sleep before the real withdrawals came in. Probably the last sleep I will get for the next 2 weeks. I am getting sick though now. The only thing I can do is lay here and wait, so Im going to continue to post my thoughts here since its the only thing that is remotely passing the time.

it makes me feel better when I read about peoples success getting off drugs (specifically opiates, other drugs just arent the same to come off of). I want to know how long am I really going to be sick. Does anyone have any ideas to curb the sickness? I read somewhere that a tylenol/immodium(for the diareah)/benadryl cocktail helps people feel a little better. Anyone tried this? At this point Im up for anything.

Also, if anyone has any stories about Suboxone, that has really peaked my interest and given me some hope that I wont be miserable for the next month."
"I can't justify getting up in the morning anymore. I seem to do this once or so a month, and this month's ""bed binge"" is on day four. My longest is five. I've gotten up once before today, and that was to go to the bathroom and get a glass of water yesterday. I haven't eaten, not because I don't want to but because I just have no appetite. I don't watch tv or listen to music or anything, I just kinda lay there daydreaming. I'm depressed, but I won't take the time to do anything about it. I'm lonely, but I can't get past my social anxiety. The only thing I'm good at is blending in and not getting noticed. My sex drive is somehow below zero. I fap out of boredom. I can't justify paying several hundred dollars per class at a shitty community college to get myself ""educated"". I could have gotten a scholarship or something if I actually tried in HS. I've instead let myself become intellectually lazy. The one thing I used to be prideful of I let myself loose. I have absolutely zero motivation do do anything. I realize this whole thing is poorly written, but meh. I feel like bettering myself is a waste of other people's resources. I realize I'm on the path to becoming some sort of useless prole, and I hate myself for it. Instead of actually doing anything to prevent it, I think about killing myself and have every single day for years now. I don't think I'm in any immediate danger from myself, but when I'm driving I fantasize about tractor trailers running red lights and hitting my car's driver side at 60 mph or my breaks failing as I start accelerating down a steep hill. I'll drift and take turns at reckless speeds if I'm absolutely positive I'm not putting anybody else in danger. That is the last thing I want. I'll be sitting here reading reddit or whatever and I'll have the mental image of myself loading a shotgun come out of nowhere. I feel like I have a genetic predisposition to do it somewhere down the line, and its gotten to the point where I'm looking forward to it in a weird way."
"So my sister is 27 and she's done a lot of stupid things over the last 10 years.  A lot of drugs, she's spent thousands of dollars over the years from both of the guys she had kids with on cocaine.  She's constantly falling back into the same old traps of drug addiction, self destructive behavior, terrible relationships, and just general irresponsibility.

I don't think she's going to kill herself. She's having a fucking hard time getting on the right track, and I'm not sure if she even wants to or if she's still trying to exploit my family for money and stuff like that until she can go elsewhere and get another sugar-daddy.

What kind of advice do you have?  We've talked to her about rehab but she doesn't seem interested.  It's like she doesn't want to change.  What do I tell her?"
"Many years ago I drove on US 101, did a nice little loop.  If it wasn't for the pharmacy being closed, it would have been US 101 + Xanax and a car flip, well, if I could.  I still think about it every day, how wonderful that'd be."
"My issues can be traced back to losing a great job in my career field 3 years ago, followed by financial problems that have plagued me for the better part of 2 years. 

Nothing is good in my life. I work 7 days a week, mainly ovenight shifts. Very little of my time is with friends. My family let me move in with them when I moved home last year, now they are charging me rent, so I am gonna move out and take a financial hit.

I feel alone, isolated, and with a constant feeling of dread. 

Help."
"I'm staring at a round for my personal pistol. While I'm normally a very rational person, I keep thinking that death would be better than this existence.

I came home from Iraq just over 5 years ago. I was in a specialized infantry unit and did just about every combat related thing you can imagine.

Most of the guys I went to Iraq with have issues with having killed people or having been in firefights, etc. That's not my issue. I only killed people who were trying to kill me, and I'm OK with that.

My problem has to do with significant events in life. Things that I did were broadcast by news organizations like the BBC. Now I'm just some IT guy in his early 30s, knowing that I'll never match significant events like that again.

I've talked to a VA counselor and that provided a little relief from some of these feelings, but I've started a job recently that has kept me from seeing the guy and I've been unable to fight these thoughts.

I know that this is something I have to get through with either the help of a counselor or by myself (possibility with the help of some books or other resources), but right now I needed to get this out.

Thank you /SW for listening and I hope to make it through this shit.

Fucking war, some nights it just haunts me.

"
"I'm 19, currently unemployed and not in college. (I've dropped out a couple times from the flagship state university because of severe depressive episodes and an inability to be successful. I'd like to return.)

I'd been in the midst of a long stagnation for some time now, probably dating back at least to a quasi-suicide attempt in February. I've had no energy, no motivation, no confidence in myself to do anything productive but throw in a few half-hearted job applications online (with no results), nothing happening. Just my usual screwed-up sleeping schedule and almost constant suicidal thoughts.

The other night, I suddenly began to feel different, and not quite in the brief SSRI-high (psychiatry has been ineffective for me) or near-hypomania I remember experiencing before. I actually felt calm, like I could sit down and truly say to myself that my problems were solvable, and that I could get this done somehow... maybe trying my best even in these conditions to get a job or two, keep it, pay down debts, and keep my mind fresh... then go back to school for 2-3 years, finish a degree, and get out in the world making enough money to live a decent independent life.

I hadn't even gotten as far as actually getting out and searching for anything when my car was stolen yesterday afternoon. (In the trunk, not visible to the thief from outside, were some clothes and my laptop. I was about to pick up my dad so we could work on my uncle's house out of town.) This is the only way I could get to more than a handful of possible jobs, as I live on the edge of suburbia with my mom and my grandmother. I'm already a financial drain on them and my dad just by existing as an unemployed college dropout. It's even worse when my own personal problems have overlapped with a catastrophic fall in my mom's income over the past few years (as well as her job security--she's currently seasonal and about to be furloughed for a month). Even living with my grandmother and getting a bit of money from my dad (not a big earner himself) makes it challenging just to get by with me and my two younger sisters around. My parents split a few months ago, but they had to declare bankruptcy last year, and my grandmother's credit (damaged less severely under basically the same circumstances) is probably insufficient for me to obtain a replacement car. (She'd have to finance something anyway... something I know isn't smart, and something my mom and I avoided before bankruptcy by paying cash for a couple of used vehicles... mine a 1993 Accord. And I still don't have the funds now just to make a payment every month on a replacement for that car... or my student loans... or on enough of a credit card balance to get it under control.)

I'm telling myself at the moment that I should figure out how to power through this weekend of work (for a bit of badly needed cash) and then try to hunt for jobs anyway next week. This even though I can't sleep, it's physical work (which I'm not good at), my uncle/boss is an irritable reactionary (I set him off once by accident while working on his other house a couple months ago), and unemployment here is among the highest in the US. I just don't know how long I might be able to keep this up with everything from before still weighing on me in the background. I'm sick of life, and the few friends I have are all back up at my college. They're more interesting and more successful than I am, and because they didn't screw up and get depressed, they're going to have passed me by in life completely before I can even get back up there... and just getting back up there and having a decent life isn't even very likely. I just don't know what to do other than jump from some great height a few hours from home. At this rate it's probably the only way I'll be able to see the ocean and redwoods again..."
"Heyo SW, I'm a bit of a strange fellow and usually spend most of my days containing myself. SO, I built an outlet that I thought someone here might like! [/r/IAmWeird](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmWeird/)

Here is the description I made for the reddit, I think it does it justice:

&gt;**Welcome** to the sanctuary of the strange. Here, you may express your inner weirdo and experience that of others.
&gt;
&gt;This is a place for people (and various other lifeforms) so try not to post things that are just strange pictures (those belong in [/r/wtf](http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf)) unless you're involved somehow. 
&gt;
&gt;Here, you're encouraged to suck up the spot light for a while by just being yourself! 
&gt;
&gt;**Don't be shy**, we're *really* accepting!
&gt;
&gt;If you did not come here to embrace the oddity of ones humanity, please advance to [/r/normal](http://www.reddit.com/r/normal). 
&gt;
&gt;Do not pass go. 
&gt;
&gt;Do not collect 200 karma.
&gt;
&gt;**Enjoy your stay!**
&gt;  *We have fleas.*


It's a bit boring at the moment, so I was hoping one or two people might be interested in joining me by being their strange selves? :)

Thanks a bushel!"
"This will be the 2nd time I've brought up my thoughts of suicide anonymously... First time was on Omegle probably a week ago, now I'm posting here.

I've had the urge to kill myself for much longer, obviously, and it's just been this past week where it's almost getting too much to handle. Normally, I can just tell myself no, I'm not going to do it, but it's getting harder and harder.

My depression has been getting worse too. Lately I've been sleeping for more than 12 hours a day and eating maybe once a day. I've had problems caring about handing in projects for my classes, or even going to classes. Two weeks ago I just stayed home for the week. I told everyone that I was sick, but I guess that wasn't really a lie. 

My struggle with depression probably started in grade 8 or 9. The friends I was hanging out with before all went to gangs and were just general shitheads. I realized that, and moved away from them. But I didn't really make friends again until I was in grade 12 (for the 2nd time). After our first semester in university though, I started drifting away from them. Right now I can only call 4 people friends. Although, I never see them. I never see anyone. Almost every waking moment I have I spend it in front of the computer, because there's nothing else to do.

I've tried talking to therapists, I've tried taking antidepressants (Wellbutrin), and I've tried smoking pot hoping it would just make me happy. It didn't, nothing really has.

I'm not sure what I'm doing telling everyone here this, but I figure I'll try anything right now."
"Last week, I lost my wife and best friend of 30 years. She died minutes after bringing our first child into the world. The birth was kind of complicated, but nothing could have prepared me for it. I must have just been numb for the past few days, because it's only hitting home now that she is gone forever. At the moment I feel like the only thing keeping me going is my little baby girl. She smiles and giggles, not knowing that she'll never have a mother in her life, or even how lucky she is to be here. And every time I hold her, it all floods back, everything from meeting my wife, to deciding to have kids, to being by her side during labour, to the chaos in that room where she lived her last minutes.

I feel so empty and lonely right now. I'm never going to see the person I love the most ever again, and the most important little girl in the world is never going to see her mother. And it devastates me when I remember she's never going to have all the brothers and sisters she was supposed to have.

What am I going to do? Has anyone dealt with something as fucked up as this is? I'm not sure if I'm suicidal, but every morning I wake up, and for a split second everything seems normal, until I remember everything that's happened, and that I have to spend another miserable day alone surrounded by everything that reminds me of such a wonderful woman.
"
"Edit: Thank you everyone. I've decided to keep on, at least for another month and figure out my medications. Hopefully things will work out by then.

Special thanks to MonsieurJambon. He related to me more than I could have imagined. The rest of you helped me a lot too. I want to thank all of you for helping me. This will be the last time I use this account, but I really want to thank you all so much.

Love to you all."
"I had posted here once (with another name) and some people had kindly replied, but it is too late now. I have finally managed to acquire a lethal chemical (kind of like potassium cyanide strong) which I will be taking tonight. You all are doing a great job of spending so much time helping and and taking the time to talk with total strangers on the internet. Unfortunately, I am way past the stage to be helped. I have written the note I will be leaving. It feels strange that today is going to be the end. I think I will go and wander around a park or something for some time today.

Before anyone says, I admit that half of the purpose of this post is to get attention, but I feel I deserve this considering reddit is the only place where I am mentioning my intentions beforehand. The note will only be found after a few days.

**edit** - I really really want to talk to all the people who replied, but I do not have much time left. I had talked with a few people from my previous thread as well, but it didn't do much good. This is not something I have decided on an impulse. I had thought and planned this for quite a while. Goodbye people."
"I'm 18 years old. I go to a community college and I hate it. I don't think I'm a socially challenged person. I used to be, but ever since I realized how stupid my worldview had been (around 11th grade) I started on a path of change. I live with my dad because my mom kicked me out because I kept calling her out on her alcoholism. She is very emotionally abusive and has been hurting me for years by drawing me in and making me feel like she cares, and then rejecting me.

My dad doesn't really pay much attention to me. He has a new wife who is obsessed with. She doesn't like me either because they were starting a new life together and now I show up. My dad has never shown me much love, he is a very emotionally strong person so I guess it's tough for him to show love to someone. If I let on about an issue he will just tell me to tough it out. Nothing is ever done well enough for him. I think he is also very disappointed in me because he is smart and wanted me to go to a real college but I have to go to this community college instead.

I don't have any real friends. I just have some acquaintances who I talked to in classes in high school. I'm sure some of you know how that is. They went off to real colleges and now they're having a great time. And it's tough to make any friends at this community college because it's small and there's not a lot to do and I feel people don't like me. I'm also trying to find a job like many people but it's tough.

The reason I have to go to the community college is because my grades in high school dipped off around 11th grade ever since I realized how much of a socially awkward idiot I had been. It made me extremely depressed even as it gave me the motivation to change. I wish I had done better in school so I didn't have to go here, or had at least made some good friends.

I pretty much gave up on having a girlfriend a while ago, I've never even kissed a girl before so I've just assumed I'm not cut out for that. I'd like to just have friends or someone close in general.

I started thinking about suicide in 11th grade and it became a daily part of my thought processes around 6 months ago. I spend a lot of time crying because I wish I felt needed or useful. I became more social, I took better care of myself, I got nice clothes I feel comfortable in. I did everything I was supposed to do, and still have nothing.

It's just such a pain to get through the day anymore. I don't think it's worth it. I'll probably kill myself within the next couple months. I would like to hear your thoughts.

Edit: Sorry if this seems run on or stream of consciousness, I'm running on little sleep or food the past couple days.

Edit 2: Several people have suggested either therapy/mental health professionals or groups. I don't know how I could pay for a therapist person right now and I'm not too comfortable with the idea of talking in a group. It was difficult just forming this post anonymously.

Also thank you to everybody who has responded."
"Dear /sw/

i'm sick and tired of being mistreated. my whole life i've been a good fucking person and it hasn't gotten me anywhere in life. I'm a 20 yr old male, and I'm at a local univ.

when i was a kid i grew up down south in a major city and i used to get bullied. all the time. i've been stabbed twice. and not like oh he got stabbed with a small knife its like i stood up for myself, they took out a switchblade, and they stabbed me in the stomach. the second time, they stabbed me in the knee.

so i stopped standing up for myself. and i didnt really try and stick out until i got into the end of high school. Im not a bad looking kid - i dated the captain of the cheerleading squad - i was pretty popular, but i was the nerd that somehow fit in.

my dad was in the military and we moved from base to base a lot until i turned ten. when we moved from base to base a lot it fucking sucked bc the only person i've ever been able to call my best friend ended up doing hard drugs six years after i left and died from an overdose. I know for a fact that if i was there he wouldnt have done any of those

and im an only child. i have a half-sister - my dad's first child from his first marriage. she is greedy as all shit and always pesters my dad for money. my dad used to pay more than he needed to support her and her mother (and new bf that stole her from my dad...) and i basically had to steal to be able to have lunch money when i was real young. then my dad found a good job right about middle school, and we settled down.

then my mom got cancer and i thought i was going to lose her. i blocked out all of my memory from that section of my life and i dont remember if iw as a good son or a bad son which kills me. she ended up surviving but it was one of the worst portions of my life. i smoked weed with my friends to try and calm myself and bring myself back to reality but it never worked. 

and every relationship i've been in has been where i'm the dependent one. I'm always the dependent one. I'm looking for that girl that will always make me happy. i'm looking for someone who cares about me more than or equal to how much i care about them. and i'm a good boyfriend. i know how to cook (i taught myself when i was growin up) and i used to bake them stuff in the shapes of hearts, write em poems, do all sorts of nice things. but somehow i would always get trampled.

and throughout high school people would always start rumors about me for no reason. when i dated a new girl or i really liked a new friend, they would say things like ""oh hes gay"" or something like that to them. 

i tried out sports and my dad forced me to do football for three years. and lacrosse for six (when i was in middle school)_. i liked lacrosse, but didnt like football. and he still made me do it anyways

and no one has done anything to ever try and think about me. sometimes my dad will go out and buy something that i said i wanted... but he never treats me like he respects me as his son or has good intentions for me. we always bicker and he usually just starts yelling for no reason

when i graduated high school i thought i'd start with a clean slate. i joined a fraternity, became best friends with about 20 other great guys and they helped me through girls cheating on me, my parental feud, my sister stealing money from MY savings, and then me finally landing a scholarship at the university and being able to decide my own fate

then i met her. i met her when i was just getting over another her who had cheated on me. i met her through a friend and i legitimately fell in love at first sight. like, i cared for all of my other girlfriends but i never understood the word love until i met her. i never really tossed around the word but with her i just wanted to because i felt it. i knew it. and i loved her

and weve been dating for almost a year and a half now. shes beautiful and fun to be around but shes gone abroad for the semester. she told me she lovedme. then she went away

and all she does now is fight with me. or not tell me she loves me and hangs up. or tells me she danced with another guy. and then we fight. then we makeup and she tells me she cant be without me. then the next day she tells me that we shouldnt be together. then the next day tells me she loves me more than anyone else shes ever loved. rinse and repeat. rinse. and. fucking. repeat

and i'm tired of it. Its like no one thinks of me. ever. no one ever places me first. even when they're ""in love with me"". My parents dont even place me first. they're in love and they only think about the other. and my sister doesnt even care about me - she only loves money. I have no best friend. sure i've got friends, but no one that i can talk to about anything

and lately i've been having dreams of me just dying

dying and not being able to do anything about it. and i'm tired of it all. im tired of pain. im tired of not even being considered. im tired of being objectified and being just a thing. I feel like thats all i've ever been. no matter how interesting i am, people think im constant and never worry about me. i dont show it but im trembling inside, and i just wnat to die

i havent lived the easiest life. but i havent lived the hardest life but i really just cant take it. I know things are better than when i was a kid, that things are financially easier. i know that i dont have to ""worry' about as much but i feel like i'm just so utterly and obviously neglected that i want to kill myself. i just want to end it. i want someone to fucking love me like i love them. i want someone that loves me. anyone. a guy, a girl. i just want a god damn best friend. maybe thats what i consider my girlfriend, too. my best friend. and thats why it hurts me when i fight with the person im in love with and my only real best friend

i just want to end the pain. im tired of pain. im tired of being worried about losing someone - my mother, my friend who passed away, my girlfriend, and i just want to lose myself. i feel like they'd learn from me dying. to appreciate everyone around them. theyd learn that even if im smiling i may not be happy because they're all driving me insane and thinking of themselves and following their ""heart"" when they dont even see the look of pain on my face as they completely wash over me without giving me a second glance

i just want to die. i dont even want to kill myself. i just want to end. i want to stop  the story, not exist, and die. 

and i know theres no god. my friend was pronounced dead for a minute and a half and he said he didnt see anything. he didnt feel anything. but when he woke back up he said he understood what everything was for and he knew how it felt to have everything turned off completely. he said theres nothing on the other side for us and i havent believed any religion since

i just want to turn off everything.

i want to end

and i dont know how to deal with any of this"
"I'm only 21 and you could say I have so much of my life ahead of me, but I just feel too discouraged with how my life has been up to this point to bother going on. I'm a senior engineering student at a top-ranked university. While others have been doing research or internships all their time here, I've been a complete failure and have done absolutely nothing to better myself for a career after I graduate. Like this past summer, where unlike everybody else I spent the summer going through therapy with no successful results. My major doesn't interest me anymore; I'm a senior now and I feel like I don't have a major. I've wasted 3 years of college and will graduate next semester with a degree in a field I don't care about. I have absolutely no idea what I want to do with my life, and I'm in the point of no return as far as switching majors is concerned. I know I'm not the only one that feels this way about their career and stuff, but these other people at least have other stuff going for them in life.

While others have been or are in relationships and seem happy, I sit here as a lonely 21-year old that has yet to even go on a date. I've never even been kissed or kissed a girl before. I didn't even hug a girl until my sophmore year here. Sounds like something a geeky teen might say, but this is coming from a 21-year old adult. I had virtually no friends in high school and never even went to a prom or anything like everybody else here. I can't help but feel like I missed out on a big chunk of life, and I'm surrounded by people who actually *lived* the first 21 years of their life. 

And I know I'm not the *only* one for which the last two apply for people here, but I feel like these other people at least have some sort of relationship with family to fall back on. My relationship with my parents is non-existent and will continue to be so because I can't forgive them for being so distant to me and my brother for all our lives (especially when my brother has been dealing with depression as well at home and attempted suicide, and my parents never noticed anything). I have no relationship with my mom because there's a huge language barrier, and there's nothing I have in common with my dad. My parents were just there to drive me to school, to sign important documents, and provide the essentials of food &amp; shelter. Outside of that there was literally no interaction. There was nothing for us to talk about as I didn't know them and they really didn't know me. I don't know old my parents are. I don't even know when their birthdays are.

So my career life, romantic life, and family life have been utterly pathetic and non-existent. What else is there? People usually say at least you have friends, right? But I have a hard time saying I genuinely have friends. I'm not actually *close* with anybody in my life. I'm just *there* sometimes. Nobody ever calls me specifically up to hang out or have lunch or anything. And it's senior year now; everybody has their close group of friends and stuff already, and I can't help but feel like the lonely freshman that is still eager to make friends.

And then I look at the bigger picture. There are millions of people out there that have it worse than me (I'm going to a top ranked university after all). People with REAL problems. People fighting diseases like cancer and AIDS (I still have my health...). People suffering in Haiti. People living in fear every day due to terrorists and the like (I still have my freedoms...). My problems are so trivial in comparison, yet here I am unable to stop dwelling on them. It's hard not to feel like a crybaby, you know?

I feel like I've done all the ""right"" steps. I've reached out to people, I've tried meds (Lexapro &amp; Pristiq), I've gone to therapy and even a support group, but I'm still here in this slump. I know if you look at all the statistics and read all the success stories online, odds are I will get better with time if I continue reaching out, taking meds, and going to therapy. But when I consider the days from this day to that arbitrary point in the future, and if every day is this shitty and if every night I think about this...that's when I start to consider if it is worth it. Am I insane for thinking this way?

Thanks a bunch if you clicked on this link and took the time to read my bitching. I know that there are so many people that post here and I know everybody has busy lives, so it means something to me that somebody bothered to take time out of their day and listen to the problems of an anonymous person on the internet."
"So, I'm in high school, come from a decently wealthy family, attend a private school, the works. And, life just sucks, I find myself unhappy a large portion of the time, and thoughts about how things would be without me cross my mind frequently.  I feel as though nothing is really worth doing, I get average grades and realize I'm going to go out into the world when I hit 18 as a perfectly average male.  And that scares the living hell out of me.  I'm going to have to get an education and then a job and have to work 5 days a week to make a living just counting the days till the weekend for the rest of my life. It isn't worth it, I hate the thought of it, I hate school, I hate pretty much everything. I just don't know what to do, I just don't feel like doing it anymore."
"I keep trying to talk myself out of it. I feel conflicted, but I feel like part of me always wants to just end everything. I feel horrible. I feel like I""m not worth anything to anyone, and that even if people are hurt they'll get over it right? Who cares about me? I'm just a mess, a person that can't hold their perfectly normal life together. I have friends but no one wants to talk to me, or if they do I feel like a burden. It's to the point where I started a fight with my best friend today just so that they would hate me a little, and if I ended it right now they wouldn't be too broken up about it. I don't want to feel like this anymore. I just want to end it all. I don't know why I'm posting this. I feel like I should just stop typing right now and take out a kitchen knife and be done with it. I don't want any attention. I don't want anyone to know. I just want to do it. I'm so tired of trying to hold myself together. I just want to sleep and never wake up. I""m too chicken to call the hotlines - I even feel weak and stupid posting this. I'm not saying other people that post are weak and stupid, I just feel like they deserve to live more than I do. I don't want to live anymore. "
"I haven't gone a day in my life since probably 8th grade (currently in my junior year in high school) that I haven't played out my own death and just wanted to die. I grew up in an okay home environment, My parents split when I was an 4th grade and now my mom is married to the fucking asshole she had an affair with to break up my parents marriage. My step dad has been an overall really good guy to me and I like him but I want to beat the living fuck out of him for what he did to my family (now I'm not letting my mom of the hook either I know it was also her fault). My dad has had some really rough patches financially to the point where he could barely put food on the table and he has almost lost the house due to foreclosure numerous times and that kind of shit. Well as time went on I grew more and more hate towards everything and just bottled all my emotions up inside. I am constantly having anxiety attacks, I'm paranoid about everything, I attempted to commit suicide last summer (nobody knows it was intentional), I don't sleep very much and when I do I never get ""a good night sleep"" I'm always tossing and turning. I have just stopped caring about everything to the point where I am pretty sure I want to end my life now. I don't see the point in even trying anymore... I'm at the point where if I had a gun at my disposal I'd use it. I've tried telling my parents multiple times I need help and basically they told me to man the fuck up and get over it. What should I do reddit...

Also before people start giving me the you have a great life get over it comments I know I do. I live in one of the best places possible, I've always have shelter, I've have food (even if its just a box of crackers). I get it and knowing that makes me feel like even more of a piece of shit for feeling the way I do.
Ask me anything... but more importantly please give me advice.

Edit:
Does anybody know a way I can self medicate for things like depression, anxiety, and insomnia thats relatively cheap (I have to pay for it) and doesn't require a prescription?"
"He posted about how he's not going to be around much longer, and looking through the comments I saw that he's planning on killing himself. I don't know what to say, or whether or not he's serious and I guess you guys have more experience with this. Here's the link:

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/djbp1/im_not_going_to_be_around_for_much_longer_what/"
"I've been feeling depressed and don't go a day without thinking of killing myself. Lately it hasn't been as bad, but I still really think I need some help. I called a hotline several months ago when it was really bad, and they were extremely unhelpful. They just kept asking me how I was planning to kill myself, and didn't really encourage me to talk about why I would want to.

Anyways, I got fed up with trying to talk with the lady on the phone (it's really hard without any kind of encouragement!) I ended up asking them about resources to do what people always say to do and ""get professional help"", but they were fucking useless on that front. So, how can I find this ""professional help"" reliably?

One complication is that I'm unemployed and living on credit cards. I have no savings, so I really can't afford to waste money. More debt would just make me feel more hopeless.

Thanks.

edit: I live in the south SF bay area, California."
"I can't stop thinking about killing myself, but I don't want to put my family through that much pain. Lately I've been considering it more than ever before. 

A little less than two years ago I was extremely depressed, but after struggling with suicidal thoughts, going through a few meds, and getting put in a mental hospital for a weekend, I got to where I could deal with the depression. The new medicine that they put me on in the hospital made it to where I could no longer feel any of the crippling anxiety that I have had for most of my life. 

Life was sorta meh for a few months until I found out that the physical pain I had felt in my back for about two previous years was caused by two bulging discs. After 3 surgeries, with the most recent being about a month or so ago, the pain has mostly gone away. I really miss the pain medications that I was taking while waiting for each surgery. 

Right now, I'm in my second year of college and I feel like I'm suffocating. Along with procrastination getting in the way of my homework, I feel so lonely and tired of life. Taking leftover pills helps me get through the weekend, but I don't know how much longer I can do this. 

I keep thinking about getting some rope and drinking wine until I pass out and choke on a snare tied in the dorm closet. I just wish it wouldn't hurt my family so much if I went. I really want the companionship that comes with a relationship, but I feel like my chances are slim. I'm socially awkward, bald (shaved away my receding hairline), and I won't be able to do anything physical for a long time because of my back. 

Sorry the post was all over the place. I couldn't think of just one thing to say. Taking it one day at a time is getting harder. "
"i am now back at my mothers, attempting to fall asleep in an old sleeping bag in her guest room. when i told her my girlfriend had kicked me out, her only response was to yell at me to quit being such a bitch and get over it. her actual words i think included something about a pity party/bitching and moaning. i am old enough to not be living at my mothers, but i feel that this kind of emotional distance furthers or created my long standing issues with depression.

im not sure what to do, i will most likely fall asleep, and wake up tomorrow and fulfill my obligations. 

it is very familiar, like im a kid again, and ive just come home from several weeks of staying away after being thrown out. and told to get over it.

my main problem is that i dont think i could let myself get back with my girlfriend. because this is something ive had to deal with for most of my life. and as she threw me out she made a point of being as hateful as she could muster. telling me it had always been my choice to be homeless... what my mother always said.. etc,

i feel like a bitch and have no idea what i should do.

i am now a grown man back to being berated on my mothers floor.
"
"i thought i would post here as it would be nice for someone to talk to. ok i'm 18 years old and before you think oh just a stupid 18 year old know that i am not like the rest of them.  i have pretty much been depressed for well over a year now, nothing seems to make me happy anymore, i have hardly any friends , i use to have alot. i feel ugly no matter how hard i try to accept myself i can't. my family doesn't trust me. if something is out of place or something has happened they immediately blame me, when it never is, of course, they do not beleive me. it hurts when they do this. some people tell me im intelligent though i fail to see it. i get treated like crap at home and i would sometimes just wish i wouldn't wake up. 
i have rejected every guy(im a girl) that has liked me in the past year or so due to me not being able to handle a relationship because of all this bullshit, i just end up getting angry at them for no reason and fucking it up.
overall; my social life sucks, i feel ugly, i cry alot, sometimes i wish i was dead, i have self harmed myself, i hate my life.
i am good at hiding my emotions so no one really knows about this and i'd rather not tell anyone i know about it. i don't know what to do, and im not going to kill myself, because quite frankly i have not got the guts to do so, i doubt anyones 'help' on here will change my emotions but oh well"
"Suicide has been a consistantly arising thought for the last few years. I've wrote down my feelings about it multiple times, this is the first time I won't tear it up, or hide it away and keep it to myself. Oddly enough, I don't think I would go without at least attempting to hear out another on the matter, I feel that would be douchey, and I'm not fully committed yet. I don't want to hurt anyone, honestly. I just don't want to be here. I don't want to exist. Ideally, I never would have lived, but at least I tested it out for a bit. I certainly don't want to continue living. I hate life. I think it sucks. Specifically, the part where I am a vulnerable bag of meat, need to fend for myself and horde resources, be part of society and conform to its norms or be locked up, am painfully aware of my flaws and limitations, all the while contemplating mine and others' futile existances. It's a game I don't want to play. Whatever I do I'm just going to die anyways, so can I skip the fucking wait and just get to the end already? I don't care what will happen. Eternal suffering, reincarnation, nothing at all? Doesn't matter. Just like living. What's the big fucking deal, why is life precious? It isn't. We're just stupid animals that kill, rape and torture each other. I wouldn't wish it upon anyone. 

Someone tell me why the hell not. I'm not of any benefit to this world. There won't be this huge rift in space and time if I choose to leave early. Don't give me that bullshit that I don't know who I might affect if I keep on living. I've ruled out reproducing, lest I unleash more fuckups like myself into the world. I do wish I would have done this sooner, before I got to know all these people. There would probably be a few people that'll miss me. Family. I will talk to them before I go, I want them not to worry and I'll console them that it's not their fault entirely. In time they'll get over it, if they have a reason, some goal or a strong will to keep going. They might be better off if I do. Or not. Maybe they don't handle death well. In which case I've got some bad news for them.

 My life has been pointless, and I have no hope that the future will be any different. I understand suicide isn't an answer. But it is appealing as an alternative to everyday toil. I think to myself, instead of doing this or that, I could not be. Not be me. Anymore. Permanently. Part of me smiles at this idea, so final, that this could all cease. No more waking up, no more eating, no more shitting, no more emotions, no wanting and lust, no money, no talking, no people. Silence. I like thinking about this. I want to just go for it, no dramatics, simply ending.
"
"Why was my thread deleted? Shit, reddit. Thanks a lot"
"I was chatting to a friend of a friend on facebook chat this evening started telling her of all my mediocre problems. She listened and helped. In return I promised to listen to her story and I tried to make her think positively just like she did with me.  I promised her I would do all I could to help but as she told me she was contemplating ""the 's' word"" but only for our small, not hugely personal conversation, she would have killed herself. As I write I'm still talking to her, shit scared what to say but know that as a result of my action I saved a life. I beg of anyone reading this, 10-20 minutes of your time can honestly save a life. I created this account to help solely on SW. 

"
"I sent this as a message to a user who offered to listen, but I wanted to get others' advice as to how to deal with similar situations (outside of therapy and talking to friends/family). I feel there's too much negativity and pain in my life right now:

Today my parents said I've been wasting their time, worthless, and never to come back. Now, I've heard this for the last five years or so (I'm in my early twenties), but today just seemed to add up. I usually don't talk about my problems and let them die down, but today was too much.

I've been kicked out of my classes as my student loans didn't get approved (or something to that effect..my university's administration is horrible). I finally have an apartment close to university so I can focus on my studies yet now I'm unable to attend. I've got a one year lease on this $700 a month apartment that I will not be able to pay for. And if I can't go to classes, it will all be worthless.

I'm afraid my younger sister will never look up to me or admire me. I don't have outstanding qualities that warrant that. I just wish the best for her. I'm not going to be able to take care of her after our parents die, and that's not fair to her.

My father is a diabetic, but he takes no care for himself and drinks almost every night (not piss drunk, but not a few beers either. He'll drink two full glasses of whiskey). His sister passed away last year, she was a few years older than him, and I'm afraid he's not got much time. I can't stand being around my mother, it makes me sick. She'll open up and make you think she cares only to reject you. I'm always berated by her, especially in front of others. I feel depressed anytime I have to go home. I can't talk to them about anything because they simply dismiss it.

I've tried taking mini-vacations but it's all there when I return, piling up. I don't know how to talk to people, and sometimes it seems I don't want to. Generally people seem to be selfish, which makes me dislike them even more. The longest person I've known outside of family is a friend that lives halfway across the country (I'm on the East Coast), but her advice about dealing with anything is to ignore it.

Where I live everyone seems disconnected. Even close acquaintances don't have time to listen, though I've given them my undivided attention loads of times. I've been told I'm too selfless and I need to focus on myself, but I don't know how. I would like to thank you for taking the time to read, and hope you're having a wonderful day."
"Hi. I'm 15 years old, female. Since the age of 12, I have not been happy for longer than a few weeks at a time. I get so tired from the smallest things. I worry about everything. I am so depressed. I know people say that it's just teen angst, but I know it's something more. I never sleep. I stay up hours every night crying or just lying there, staring at the ceiling. Nothing helps.  

I am not happy like my peers. I try to act happy but it's all fake. Even if I feel happy on the surface, deep down it hurts.

I have incredibly loving friends and a boyfriend who is just awesome. He is so supportive and loving and I don't know what I would do without his sfriendship. That sounds unhealthy, but we've been friends since middle school and even if we weren't dating we'd still be best friends.  These are the only reasons I'm still here, because suicide would be too selfish. It would hurt them.


But I am starting to think that I will always be this way, since so many people have a lifetime of depression. I need to know there's a cure, a way to get rid of it. If this is how I'll always be, I don't want to exist. It's just not worth the effort."
"Tell me I'm not the only one who longs for this.  

I've been dealing with depression since I was eleven. I've had this festering mass in my brain for half of my life. 

My depression ebbs and flows but I keep coming back to the same conclusion. I don't want to be here. I just want to go to sleep and be done. 

I'm tired of therapy, of repeating the same things over and over again to different people and hoping things will be better for more than a year before it all comes back. 

If I have to take anymore pills I'll vomit. I will literally vomit. 

I'm just done. I'm done. "
"I'm afraid I'm not very experienced at this. Can you guys help this high school freshman?

http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/djqzn/im_in_highschool_i_cant_take_it/c10py2h"
"Everything just keeps getting worse and worse. I finally got the balls to rent a Uhaul truck and move out of the shitty, abusive, deranged place I used to call a home. Found a place with a yard for my dogs and everything. I thought I had it all figured out. I was ready to move this Thursday. Then they decided to say that if I take my dogs with me they'd call the cops. The only thing I love and the thing they say say they want to get rid of. I can't do shit since the registrations are in my mother's name. I know they will not hesitate to call the cops. So that's it. I'm fucked. My anxiety and depression have been so bad that I literally grind my teeth and cry all day. I'm sick and tired of the world being as fucked as it is and me not being able to do shit about it. I'm sick and tired of being looked down upon for my beliefs. This has been my life. Losing my dogs was the straw that broke the camel's back. It took a while for it to get this bad. But here I am. Nothing left except a a couple hundred dollars, a lot of medication, which include 15 percocet, and a camera to record it all. I think I'll start with the percocet to numb me from the pain all these different anxiety / depression pills are going to cause when i start downing them by the hundreds. I'll use the money to buy something to wash it all down with. I'm thinking the most expensive alcohol I can find.

I always hoped my suicide note would be a better read, but even this was disappointment. I'm done. I can't take it anymore.

Peace."
"I'm sorry. This is the second post I'll have made here in about three days, and I'm not sure if I should be taking a hint from [last time around](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/diowe/it_doesnt_seem_like_anything_is_going_to_work/) that I'm not worth advice or that I'm truly beyond repair. Maybe I just end up feeling depressed enough to post at the wrong times of the day.

I feel somewhat desperate, though, so I've posted again. I've been spinning out of control even more than normal since the car got stolen Friday afternoon, but even before then I've just been hopeless and helpless. My father and a few others every so often get frustrated and conclude, ""I don't understand. You must not want enough to get better."" Even knowing that I need to earn money (particularly if I'm ever going to replace these important possessions, but I needed to start pulling some financial weight regardless) isn't enough to shake me out of my constant depressive paralysis. I just can't do it. I ran into problems at the wrong times in my life, and even at 19 right now I'll never be able to recover enough at this rate to have a life worth living. I find existence sadly impractical."
"Throwaway account. So, suicide's always been in the back of my mind since I was a young and emotional teenager. I thought I had gotten over that phase of my life. I'm 25 now, and these thoughts have recently begun resurfacing.

Why? My boyfriend (I'm gay, just to clarify) of 5 years has left me. I never thought I'd have a boyfriend in the first place, let alone land a smoking hot guy like him and hold onto him for 5 years. So, yeah. He left me. About a week ago. I've been drinking myself to sleep nearly every night. The nights that I don't drink, I don't sleep. Period. I'll get tired, go to bed, but I can't stop thinking about him. Not only that, but he's left me in a very difficult situation that I thought we would work through together. I have no job, I have no car, and no education beyond highschool. We bought a house together that we couldn't afford, so that kept me from improving my situation at the time. Now that he's gone, I'm definitely not improving at all. The house is in foreclosure, and the bills will not be getting paid if I don't land a job soon. I should mention that I live in Michigan. It's my understanding that Michigan has the lowest unemployment rate of all the States right now.

But nevermind the financial bit for a minute. As I said before, I never thought I'd land a boyfriend. He's made sure that I probably won't land another one. He gave me one of those gifts that keep on giving. I have warts on my cock, which he got from his previous bf but didn't show symptoms of until we started fucking. Having no job, I certainly don't have any insurance or money to treat this condition. I realize I'm stuck with HPV the rest of my life, and will have to use protection with any and all of my partners that don't already have the virus, but I'm pretty sure anyone that doesn't already have it (about half the population from what I understand) isn't going to want anything to do with me. Huge hit to my already low ego.

Why'd he leave me, you ask? He's got quite a few reasons, I'm afraid. Some of these he said directly to me, others I've heard through torturing myself and spying on his facebook, emails, and phone calls. They are as follows:

I have no ambitions in life. I don't love myself. I need to meet (and date) new people. I need to grow up. I need to learn to do ""adult things"". We need time apart to ""rediscover ourselves"". There might be more that I'm not remembering at this time. Like I said, I've been drinking a lot. Tonight is not an exception. Can I even call it ""tonight"" anymore? It's 6 am. Fuck.

On some of these points, I agree. But these are things that we've been working together on for the past 5 years. I think I've come a long way from what I used to be. I used to party till all hours of the morning, doing hard drugs, drinking, etc. Since I met him, I've quit hard drugs nearly completely. I've quit partying except with people that he's comfortable with (brother, friends that he's met), and even those times, it's almost always on the weekends.

I just feel like he's abandoned me at my most vulnerable time. I was depending on him to help see me through this, as we've seen eachother through through times in the past. At this point, I've lost my will to live. I don't care about making myself a better person. I just don't fucking care anymore.

I've already heard all the cliche sayings... ""Everything will be OK in the end. If it's not OK, it's not the end."" Or ""if you set your true love free, and they come back, it was always meant to be"". Or ""if he can't love you for who you are, you don't deserve him anyway."" Or ""think of all the wonderful things in life you'll miss."" Shit like that. Those sayings do very little to comfort me. I'm just tired of trying. I want to be done with it all.

I don't have a time set or anything. I do have a method in mind should I decide to go through with it. This might be better posted in /r/relationshipadvice, I'm not sure.

My thoughts are pretty scattered right now, and I may have left some things out. I'll answer any other questions here.

Please, reddit. I need help."
"
(Cross post to SuicideWatch) Have *you* ever been depressed- known someone who is or lost someone to suicide?


Of late there have been a number of touching tales about friends or loved ones committing suicide. The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention has their annual Suicide Prevention week coming up- their largest fundraiser is the ""Out of the Darkness Community Walks""- sign up today or make a 100% tax deductible donation!


If you don't know someone organizing a team [help out our local chapter organizer meet her goals](http://afsp.donordrive.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=donorDrive.participant&amp;eventID=1106&amp;participantID=104417)!"
"I have a Bachelor of Science+Master of Engineering from an Ivy league school. I have been unemployed since graduation 9 months ago. I have $80000 student loan debt and no way to pay it. My car is broken and I can't afford to fix it. My laptop is dying too.

My mother and girlfriend are paying all my bills. I live with my girlfriend, who pays for rent, utilities, food, and my mother pays for health insurance, car insurance (I haven't told her the car is broken), and phone. I feel like I'm just wasting their money and am never going to have a way to give anything back. 

Someone with my background just shouldn't be having this much trouble finding unemployment, no matter where the economy is. This isn't that I've gotten offers that were not sufficient, I haven't even gotten to an interview in most cases, and the people that did interview me didn't want me. I have had only 3 interviews the entire year and none of them were remotely interested in hiring me after. After this latest rejection I'm finding it difficult to apply to any jobs at all because I have no expectation anyone will give me a chance. They thought I wasn't responsible or experienced enough for an entry-level position; they said ""we can't afford to mentor new employees,"" which is not something I ever said I wanted or needed. No one is willing to trust me with any responsibility.

The only reason I'm still alive now is my girlfriend; if she left me I'd have nothing to live for. I don't have any friends that aren't her friends, and I don't have any opportunity to make any. I can't go out anywhere because I have no money and now no way to get anywhere. 

I often feel that helping me is not worth anyone's time because it is never rewarding. My life never gets better, it just becomes different kinds of worse.

Everyone I know is aware that I'm unemployed and they don't have anything to help me. All I ever hear are the same suggestions I've been trying for months. Some people have offered to help and then stopped replying to my emails after I sent them a resume. Some positions I've applied to at their companies, at their behest, were immediately rejected. 

I'm not good at anything non-technical, and no one is willing to let me do anything even though I have these degrees that say I can actually do something because no one likes me. I've never been good at making friends, and apparently no one cares how well I can do the work involved.

I hate the town, county, and state that I'm living in, but without a job offer somewhere else I have no way to leave it. Even if I do leave it, I'd have to move somewhere separate from my girlfriend because she is working here (she hates the place too and her job though).

I just feel like all this time I've spent trying to be responsible and getting these degrees has been worthless, now people are telling me that they don't want to hire me because I've already been unemployed for 8 months, and they don't think I'd be a reliable employee. I wanted to send them some reply about how much it upsets me that they didn't want to hire me, but I know they won't care.

If I don't have some reason to hope I'll have a job by the end of the year I just don't think I ever will. I'm already forgetting a lot of what I learned because I have no opportunity to use it, and I feel like nobody understands how upset being useless makes me feel."
"I was just fired from my job this morning. I picked up a bottle of vodka on my way home. I'm so depressed right now. This is the culmination of a terrible past couple of weeks. I think I've had around 5 shots. I just want to pass out and go to sleep. I have 'I See A Darkness' playing on repeat. I'm shaking as I type this. 

I've let myself down. I've let my family down. I really don't think I'll make it past this year. I told myself years ago that if I didn't change for the better before my 25th birthday, I'd end my life. Next month is my 25th. This is the worst time this could've happened to me. I""m terrible at coping with failure. I think my family is the only thing keeping me alive at this point. 

8 shots now. 

I have social anxiety disorder. I'm socially inept. I'm awkward, much more than most. I have trouble talking to anyone, especially in groups. I want to be social but i can't. I'm look normal which makes it hard since people expect me to be confident, which I'm not. I'm so fucked up. I've been on zoloft and lexapro but i don't think i told my doctor how bad my depression/SAD is.

I should've killed myself years ago. Nothing's gotten better. I just deluded myself into thinking that. I had a gun once. i was alone with it in a hotel room. So close.

I'd call a suicide hotline but I wouldnt know what to say. 

edit: thanks all. I'm going to go to sleep now and hopefully not wake until the morning. Tomorrow.. I don't want to think about the future. I'll just take it one day at a time. I just needed to vent and talk to someone"
please
"Hi everyone, I volunteer at a local high school, we had four students commit suicide in the last month. If you need help, please please please find it. Give a friend a call, a teacher, your aunt, get in touch with some one and get yourself some help. Send me a message here and if you need to we can talk on the phone or on im. Your life is important, even if you don't realize it now."
"I don't know if I should even be posting here, because I'm not sure whether I'm actually suicidal or just looking for attention. 

I've had a rough couple of years, and I think maybe I just need someone to talk to, and maybe someone here will be willing to at least listen to me. 

It started with my freshmen year in college, I had two people whom I would consider close friends, confidants who I could share anything with. They both left for college, good colleges at that, colleges I also would have also gone to had I the grades (and motivation to apply to).

My grades have been in a steady decline, mostly because I can't work up to motivation to do much of anything, let alone go to class. All I ever want to do is sleep or try and hide away from the rest of the world, but of course I can't really do that because people still want to see me. 

I had always been a good student through high school, and so my parents now wonder why I'm doing so badly in school. I've had two bad years and now my parents are threatening to cut me off entirely (very much justified considering my performance up to this point. I would do the same if I were in their shoes.)

I have so much going for me, a loving family, good friends, decent financial support, the opportunity for a college education; I have so much to be happy about, but it just doesn't help. 

I'm scared, I don't think I could ever commit suicide in my current state of mind, but it seems to become a topic I think increasingly more and more about. I know it would be greedy beyond all measure to all those who care about me, but the idea of perhaps not having to deal with all this stuff again is becoming alluring. 

I don't want to die, but I don't know what I want to live for either. "
"Im 18 on the brink of suicide and i just need a few comforting words to tell me what ill be missing out if i decide to take my own life

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who have been really supportive to me. I read everyone's advice numerous times. 
I gave myself some time and decided to give myself a bit more to enjoy what time i have left. Again, thanks to everyone who responded to me."
"Everything is a lie.... Everyday as I read more I learn that we are all lied to by, the government, companies, religion, family, so called friends, just everything and everybody..... EVERYTHING IS DONE FOR MONEY AND POWER OVER OTHERS... I hate this place ""earth"" and now I must leave.  I just need to figure out the least painless way to do it.  As for the people that know me,  your all liar's as well... I am so happy to go."
"I would say that it is due to my boringly mundane adult problems. Honestly, though, it is something I have struggled with my entire life.

Yes I am depressive, and in spite of years of therapy and countless pills, I still have never really broken the upwards barrier that I might call content or happy.

I am a victim of physical, mental, sexual, emotional, and verbal abuse. I know intellectually that this is a major source of my feelings of worthlessness and isolation. My father cheated on my mother and left when I was young. I understand that this contributes to my fear of being alone and abandonment. My little brother died when we were young. Even this I can put into context when it comes to my problems.

I can't help it though. I obsess about my own death. I feel deep within me that my life can end in no other way but in suicide. I dream about it, I fantasize about it, I plan about it, and sometimes, in my darker hours, I lust for it. It's an urge I have to fight every morning, and every night.

My problems are typical and banal, these days: Not enough money, no sex, boredom, I can't lose that last 10 pounds, I don't know how I feel about my smart, pretty, doctor girlfriend, I don't like my job.

But despite all forward progress and self awareness about how fortunate I am, or where my problems stem from; I cannot shake the feeling that everything so far has been a mistake or a waste. That someone else could have done a much better job at being me. That my friends and family would have been better off without my bipolarity and my poor choices in life.

I regret everything, and obsess about my mistakes; ex-girlfriends, poor grades, missed opportunities, my major in college, things I have wasted money on.

I feel lost, alone, disconnected, dissatisfied and hopeless. I cannot afford a therapist and I have very few close friends, almost none of whom I trust with this conversation. And even then, it would not be fair to them, and would only be a further burden. Even now, saying this, I feel as if I am being over dramatic. Or that I am wasting your time with this. That my life and my problems aren't worth other people's time.

I just want to feel ...something other than pain, sadness, and regret.
"
It's 8pm. I still don't know what to do. I'm out of time. 
"I always looked at people who killed themselves as a waste - always thought ""why would they throw it all away?"" - I no longer feel that way and have recently been having suicidal thoughts of my own. 

I think I have given life a good go - it didnt work out - I tried, I made some decisions that on reflection were wrong - and now through my own descions and a few painful coincidences - I am left with nothing. Aged 30-something and faced with starting all over again from scratch - I cant. 

Ive tried to get a new job - couldnt - I tried to transfer into another carreer - couldnt - tried to start my own busness - couldn't. 

Watching everyone else carry on with their careers is just depressing. 
I feel I am faced with two options - either sign on for state benefits and cary on with a miserable existence until every aspect of my current personality dies a slow death - or I save myself the time and the pain and I kill myself now. Neither option is particularly appealing but I feel like I am backed up into a corner. 

I recognise that I am ""depressed"" or ""mentally ill"" I feel the only way to get out of the depression is to get a job - something I have not been able to come close to doing over the last 6 months - this dents my confidence - which in turn makes it harder to apply for jobs. If this complete lack of success caries on much longer I think, eventually, I shall just walk in to the desert and let nature take its course. 

I'd be interested in your views - perhaps hearing from anyone in a similar situation, Sunrises and unicorns or the thought of upsetting my mum no longer do it for me. 

If youve read this far along - thanks for your time. 

I'm not going to kill myself any time soon - although I do think about ""deadlines"" for doing it. I'm a little alarmed to be thinking this way. If you could respond with a simple ""Hang in there"" or a ""dont give up"" It would make my day. 
"
[removed]
"This may seem like every other thing posted here, but it seems recently everybody is coming to me for advice.  I just don't think I am the person to handle all this.  I am in my junior year of college and am switching majors and I just cannot take it anymore.  Everybody seems to rush to me for advise on what they do in their life but I cannot even sort out what I want from life.  I just don't know what to do anymore and I want something from this community (alt account because of embarrassment) to keep me going!"
"Hi /r/suicidewatch,

I've got this strange issue where I think about suicide a LOT. I'm not horribly depressed or anything--at least not to the point where I can't get my work done--and I'm still capable of having fun, and there are still things that make me happy.

The first time I remember being suicidal is maybe when I was 10. I don't think I was depressed. Maybe I was? I'm not sure what depression is to a ten year old. But that longing to kill myself never quite went away. I'm 20 now, and I still casually think about it multiple times in an hour. I'm not sure what it means, really. It's almost like a banal thought at this point, on par with ""did I put the milk back in the fridge?""

I never, ever tell this to people, because I know how stressful it is on others. If you tell it to a counselor or psychiatrist, they could potentially involuntarily hospitalize you. There's not really anyone I can talk to about it. I finally did mention it to one friend, and she concluded that maybe I'm depressed. I suppose it makes sense, but I'm not necessarily sad. I went ahead and made an appointment with a therapist anyway. I will not, of course, be telling him/her that I am suicidal.

Just as an aside, I am going through an emotional rough spot, and that's why the suicide thing gets pushed to the forefront of my mind even more than usual (hence, posting and trying to resolve the issue). I won't bore you all with the details--it's pretty similar to a lot of the stories you see on here. What I'm really looking for is if there's any explanation for why I would feel like this so damn often for so long."
I would appreciate it right now..
"I'm worthless. My family rejects me. Nobody will hire me. I'm up to my ears in debt and most of that is probably going to be passed on to my parents who were kind enough to cosign. I shouldn't have even let them do that knowing what I know now. I've just thrown my life away at every opportunity and I don't know why. What I've done is worse than killing myself at this point.

Why shouldn't I end it all? I don't even think I have the guts to commit suicide. And knowing my track record in life, I'd fail at it and just make my life worse -- if that's even possible. What the fuck is wrong with me? Why can't I accept responsibility for my actions? How do I go on with my life knowing I have done nothing good for my family, for society, or for myself? 

I'm such a wreck that I can't even go out in public any more. I feel like everybody can see right through me. Every lie, every fault, every misdeed I've committed can be seen just by looking at me. And I just want to disappear.

This probably looks like jibberish to anybody reading this, trying to figure out what's so wrong with me that I feel this way. I don't even know why I'm posting here. It might be the hope that one sentence from a kind stranger will pull me out of this downward spiral. It might be that I just wanted to get these feelings out before I attempt to die. Things might not be as bad as I make them out to be, but I doubt it. 

Whatever happens, thanks for taking the time to hear my soft cry before I extinguish the flame of life. May those I loved live better lives than I have.
"
"I had a plan. I had a lot of time to think, I'd gone to that place where nearly all doubt is erased and you convince yourself that it's the best course of action for everyone involved. I saw myself as a barrier to everyone else's happiness. I saw myself as toxic, as a cancer invading other people's lives. I was convinced that they would find relief and happiness once I was gone.

I've been in this place before, usually drowning within myself and wallowing in self-pity and wondering why I should even bother taking another breath, but this was different. I became optimistic. I started enjoying life because I knew it wouldn't go on much longer.

I knew I would leave loved ones behind, like my friend. But I also knew how much I could enrich someone's life just by turning my normal, ""downer"" self around and celebrating life one last time.

I got a little cocky. I started to tell my friend about my plan, alluding to the ""happiness"" that he'd experience ""soon"" and how ""I'd fix everything"" and there would be ""no more pain"". ""All in due time,"" I told him repeatedly. ""Soon,"" I'd say. 

I've been a part of a couple of online help communities for self-injury and suicide prevention in the past, but I guess I don't feel safe posting there anymore. I don't know why I feel safe here, my friend gave me the link. I guess it's the anonymity.

I wanted to extend my gratitude to my friend for talking me down. For all my convictions, I had one nagging voice that told me not to do it, and he added a whole chorus of doubt. My plan failed, but I'm still here.

Thanks, friend."
"A little drunk right now so I can just make it until tomorrow and start the same day all over again, so bear with me.

I'm 22 years old and I have extreme depression. Normally what keeps me going is logic (I still have stuff to accomplish, I'll pass on my college debt to others etc.), theres really no emotion to this to me it feels like. Right now I have this going through my head.   

So everyone tells you to just stop giving a shit about what other people think about  you.  
One reason not to kill yourself is what will people think  
If you're dead you won't care what you think, or care what other people will think.  
So why should I just not kill myself."
"I don't know what to do anymore. I try to rationalize my thoughts but it is becoming increasingly impossible for me to do so. Context: about three months ago my wife and I divorced, ever since then I have been up and down, mostly down though. I try to look on the bright side of things but I always slip back into depression and hopelessness. I've been talking to this new girl I met on a dating site but it just feels hollow and meaningless to me. 

The thing that really bothers me is that I have no ambitions in life, I have interests but nothing that I care about enough to justify my continued existence. The only thing that I care about is love, I just want the love of a woman, someone that will hold me and love me no matter what. However, I am well aware of the fact that I will probably never have that because people want to be with someone that is driven or ambitious, someone that has goals and aspirations in life. 

The thing is, I don't want anything else. I don't care about money, or things or anything really. The only thing that makes life worth anything to me is love, to be in someone's arms, to talk to them into the long hours of the night, to share life together. I sincerely wish I had something else that motivated me but I can't become interested in anything for the life of me. What do I do to become interested in things? They seem largely pointless and irrelevant to me. 

Lately I just think about ending everything, how easy it would be. I think about the past, I think about my ex and how happy I was with her and how I just fucked everything beyond repair. I don't want to be in pain anymore. I know life has it's lows but I hate myself so much for what happened between us that I find it difficult to be able to love another after what I did. Nobody deserves me, I feel like I would just drag them down too.

Ugh, I am rambling. I am just at a loss. I am a very rational person and know plenty of reasons that I should be happy and thankful for what I have, and I am, at least half the time. The other half of the time I am a mess though, rationale goes out the window and all I can think of is how much of a fuck up I am. 

Life is fucking crazy. Seriously, it blows my mind. I was happy and had the love of a wonderful, beautiful woman just a few months ago. Now I am poor, unkempt and living at my parents thinking of the pointlessness of my life. 

I can't help but laugh and cry at the same time. 
"
"So I figure I should write a note. 

Rough draft. I have a little time to perfect it, but I doubt I see a new year.
---
Dear people who knew me.

I should explain. To many of you, this isn't a surprise but maybe a shock. To others you may not have had any idea. For years I have had to listen to thoughts guiding me to this moment. I have tried everything, the only thing that ever helped me was smoking marijuana, but that eventually due to other pressures could not lift me out of this. Just bringing that up some of you will jump to a conclusion that marijuana was a cause of my problems, not directly. Only the fact that it is illegal and I now have a misdemeanor possession charge that disqualifies me from having a job worth a shit does it affect me negatively.

I don't remember my first suicidal thought. I must have been a very small child. When I was 10 I remember putting my dad's .22 rifle in my mouth and pulling the trigger. It jammed. I could never muster the courage to do it again. I tried. I would sit for hours in my room with that gun in my mouth crying, wishing a God would come tell me that everything will be okay eventually. That never happened and I turned my back on religion, I turned my back on any creator that would watch a child suffer so and do nothing to help. I would imagine God laughing at me. This made the rest of my Catholic schooling very frustrating. This was all happening years before I started smoking.

I make it through high school only because I find marijuana. It has been the only medicine that has ever helped me silence the evils in my head. I have tried therapy and pills, none of that works, in fact it makes me feel worse. Something kept me holding on, maybe the stories that people would tell of how everyone hates high school and things get better once you get older. I held out through very tough times.

After high school I spend a year or so really going crazy, doing heavy drugs, even trafficing heavy drugs. Not necessarily because I was making money, I just loved the prospect of going out ""suicide by cop"", I would never be arrested. This was a phaze, I left that world very soon after entering. Mainly because those other drugs didn't make me feel good like smoking marijuana did, they made my mind think more darkly than ever before. I tried to kill myself by overdose many many times during this year. At one point I wondered if I could die. Maybe I was the Highlander or some shit. For a few months I would sleep with a .25 pistol in my hand pointed at my head hoping it would go off in the night. It never did.

At age 21 I escaped the prison that is the small town I grew up and moved to southern Florida. I had the time of my life, but when you have the time of your life you usually end up out of money, which is what happened. I was also severely electrocuted (I worked as an electrician at the time) and failed my UA (losing my job) but jobs in construction down there were everywhere I could have found work anywhere. I chose to fail and moved back home. 

A year later I get married. For a couple months it was bliss. Then I started to see that the person I married was not the person she portrays in real life. She was violent and abusive beyond anything I had ever seen. Not even in movies, not even on those shitty Lifetime movies where the drunk dude beats his wife then goes to the bar. I was stabbed numerous times, she would kick me in the spine without warning just for walking past her in the apartment (she did that Tae Bo shit, so she could kick hard) many times I would lie without feeling in my legs for 20 minutes wondering if I would ever walk again. She would just laugh. I believe she was poisoning me too, as the last year we were together I was sick all the time and as soon as we divorced that went away. She cheated on me many times, but would accuse me of having sex with every girl I work with and every girl in the apartment complex. I was not allowed friends.

Basically, this was the craziest bitch I had ever known, and I married her. I told her all of my deepest, darkest secrets and she stored that knowledge as ammunition and completely decimated my being. She may not have physically murdered me (not that she didn't try) but she killed my soul. I could go on and on about how she is an evil cunt, but I don't want anyone to think she is the reason for this, nor do I want her to have that satisfaction.

I wanted out almost immediately but she had become pregnant. I tried to do all the right things so that I could have a life with my kids. Eventually you just can't take being stabbed and kicked and hit with flying frying pans and you kick the bitch out of your house. I did this. I tried to get custody of my kids after she was FINALLY arrested for stabbing me in the head. She got a couple days of anger management and she got custody of the kids. Fuck you America for that one. My family is in huge debt because of me as well now.

I love my kids very much, they are the only reason I have lived this long. I wish things could have been different for them. I wish they could have had a stronger father and a mother who isn't abusive. I don't know what else I can say, they are the greatest people in the entire world and they are still just little kids. I know they are going to be amazing adults.

After the divorce I lost my mind. I honestly think I had like what POWs have when they are finally released. Just a super crazy post-traumatic disorder. I went on to completely fuck my life up. There is nothing left. Huge debt (six years of student loans), a drug charge that keeps me from getting even a shitty job I am overqualified for (from sitting on a park bench next to a guy who had a few grams of weed in his pocket at a campground), and a voice inside that tells me just about every 15 seconds I should kill myself. This is what I have left.

I can't keep anyone interested for more than two weeks now. I don't even try anymore. There is nothing about me that anyone would want in their life. I do not hate the girls who have broken up with me in silence, sure it hurts to not even know what you did or why they won't talk to you anymore, but ultimately I don't blame them. I would do the same to me if I could, and basically that is what I am going to do now. I do not wallow in this misery in person, I have masks. I wear these quite well and I would always have fun with whoever I dated. We did fun things and I was always smiles and jokes. I am not a goth monster.

All I have ever wanted was for one person to want me alive. All I ever wanted was for one person to want to see me everyday. The one time I thought I found that, all I was was a pin cusion. A punching bag. I couldn't even get the police to give a shit, they would kick me out of my own house for being beaten up ... with a warning that if I ever hit back I will go straight to jail. Fuck you America for that one too.

Now if I found that person I would break up with them to save them from what my life has become, a black hole. No one deserves to adopt my troubles into their life. If I have to die alone, why wait? Right?

Then the dreams started. Have you ever dreamed of killing yourself? I dream it almost every night. My mind wants me dead so bad. I call him my inside man. It's me, it's that guy that does all your hard math, does all your cognitive thinking. It's not some random ""hearing voices"" type shit, it's my mind telling me that I need to die. All the time. It's the first thing I think of in the morning. 

This is what I should have done when I was 10 and spared you all the trouble of who I became. I am sorry.

"
"Hey all,
   This is my first time scoping out your subreddit, and it looks like a fantastically supportive place. Keep it up.

I'm submitting because yesterday I found out that one of my friends, a senior in college, attempted suicide not long ago. He jumped from his apartment building, and, although he shattered his legs and is in a medically-induced coma, he is alive. He probably will never walk again.

I'm still in a bit of shock, but am doing fine. Mostly just incredibly sad and surprised, since, although he had recent issues with drugs, he was by all outward appearances doing much better. He had stopped using hard drugs, stopped dealing and seemed pretty happy last time I saw him. He didn't talk to any of his friends about the issues that pushed him to do this. 

So everyone reading this, I just want to ask that if you are considering taking your own life, please, please talk to the people around you. Engage in dialogue here, and try to fight for your life. I'm not sure I can truly understand what let my friend to this, but I can see the aftermath, and it has hurt everyone involved, including my friend.

I hope that everyone here finds a better way to address your problems.

I'll try to be around in a little bit if there's any discussion and to be around this subreddit more often to try and help.

(Currently though I have to pick someone up from the airport, so it will be a little while before I can be on)"
"This is a throwaway account and I usually just lurk here...

I go through periods where I contemplate suicide on a daily basis.  Especially during periods of high stress (sometimes justified stress, sometimes imagined).  I went through a particularly bad period for about three years and recently moved to a new area 3 months ago for work.  For the first 3 months things have been pretty good...I've generally been a lot happier and relaxed, but lately was triggered by something a coworker is pulling at work (taking credit for the things I've one, undermining me, going around me to talk to my resources, etc...and now it's been escalated to our managers and HR).  I just don't know how to handle stress at work too well.  

Additionally I'm hitting my late 30s, I've never really been in love with anyone, and have been completely alone (and lonely).  I feel so depressed or anxious about meeting people I try to avoid it altogether.  When I DO go out, I generally don't enjoy myself and end up going home feeling worse, so what's the point?

Between my work issues, my financial issues (was laid off and have been underemployed for 3 years now, losing my home), and my personal life (also, I happen to be gay), I just feel like there's really no reason to be alive anymore.   I've struggled with feeling ""okay"" for so long, I'm not sure how much longer I can stand it.  I've gone through therapies, I've tried different drugs, but nothing seems to consistently work for me.  So what do I do?  

Thinking about suicide allows a bit of a release for me, an escape I suppose.  I know there's always that option to get out of this.  I was never meant to be alive (seriously, I was an accidental birth...my parents hated each other and divorced shortly after, refusing to talk to each other since), so why do I remain here?  I've never had a day in my life where I've thought ""Oh God, why would I ever even consider suicide as an option?"" but I've had plenty that have been ""i'm in so much pain right now I can't bear it anymore.""  

I know folks would consider it a very selfish thing to do.  I do have many friends and family members that would likely miss me...but they don't have to feel what I feel.  Completely isolated, alone, and anxious every time I make a mistake or perceive myself to have screwed up in some way.  For the last three days I've been stressed out and sad and i just want it to stop.  "
"And that only makes me sadder. The world can not be saved and at times lives, thoughts and moments are lost. I've spent too much of my life thinking and learning. No pain, no gain. No risk, no reward. What happens when the risk always leads to loss? 

Where is mankind in the grand scheme of things? Perhaps we are a species that convinces itself that what they do matter. Is there anything beyond procreation?

Thank you for the captcha reddit, I am human and you've shown me how absurd it all is."
"i cant fight this anymore.
i feel utterly broken beyond any repair, im ill and getting worse i have a horrible disease that attacks and mutilates my genitals and im getting worse and worse, i dont have a handhold on this life anymore, i have no one i can talk to and i am, as always alone.
this is the feeling i get when i know ive seen more days than i will see, 
that for all my struggles its nearly over, im broken, all i want now is eternal peace that only death can give. i dont even know why im typing this right now. maybee someone will hear me, ive lost the last scraps of my purported sanity"
Throwaway account...so um...I've been pretty much messed up since I can remember. I had a rough childhood...wont get into the details here. It's just too much shit to write here. I started a live journal like a month ago to just vent. I considered putting the link here but I doubt anyone would read it. I cry for no apparent reason. I have constant thoughts of hurting myself. I don't even know what to put in here really...I'm just done. 
You guys are the people most-suited for this job as far as I know. [link](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/dls1c/im_drunk_and_depressed_ama/)
"I don't want to do this anymore. I need help, but I'm too embarrassed to tell anyone."
"Please listen to my story, and offer advice... I am so alone. I don't really want to burden anyone else, but, well, I feel like Im sliding toward my grave and my fingernails are the only thing stopping me from falling in, and I need help. 

5 years ago my father passed away, and my life just started tumbling out of control. My Dad, despite his faults, was someone who loved me so very deeply, and I miss him so much. So, in deep depression I tried to take action to make it better, quitting my job and using my inheritance to go to mental health ""spa"" to try to get my mind together. Using a combination of exercise, diet and therapists I felt better than I had in years, and while there I met this beautiful, awesome girl and fell in love… I then decided to move to New England, and we had so much fun together.

Unfortunately, since then, the relationship crumbled late last year, I havent found a job, I lost 2 close friends (1 to a heart attack, 1 who killed herself after I turned her down for a date), my car was repossessed and all of this was because I found myself in a crushing depression. I went home to my Moms house for a week, and she saw how depressed I was, and sent me to her therapist.

I came back to NE, and saw a therapist weekly, and starting about 2 months ago slowly started to climb out of depression, and from the looks of it my finally started getting better.  I had a great job interview, and believe I will get the job next week.

But, then things crashed.  I havent had any money for a few months, and I am now being kicked out of my apartment, I have no place to go, and since I am so close to being health and having a job, I called my Mom for emergency help, needing to only last one more month, and she not only said no, she told me not to contact her.

So, I am now only totally broke, have no idea where I am going to go Sunday, I have been vomiting from stress, unable to sleep, can barely eat, and the only thing that pops up in my mind is suicide. Bad things just keep happening, and depression is ruining my life. Just when I think Im escaping it, something smacks me down… and I am so very tired.

I don't want this to be the rest of my life. I don't want to homeless. I am so ashamed.

My friends have distanced themselves, My sister calls me immature and tells me I need to grow up, my Mom wont talk to me, my brother has his own load to carry, and my therapist doesn't see past the surface.  Reddit, I cry all the time. I look at the tool I want to use to kill myself, and know that it would only be uncomfortable for like a minute, and then nothing would hurt ever again. I know suicide would hurt everyone around me, but how long can I last feeling like this.. Im just so tired.

I even went into a church today ,and begged God for help. Nobody answered so far.

I just want to crawl into a pile of love and heal for a month, I need love.. Im so alone,  but there isn't anyone out there who is loving me.. whats wrong with me? 

Im sorry for rambling, I just.. I don't know what to do anymore, and don't want to burden anymore people with my sadness, or my life. I just seem to let people down all the time.

Help."
"just a few months ago I was in a 5 year relationship with a dream job, more money and possessions than i knew what to do with.

Today I am in a strange city with no job, no gf, no money, I'm a late on my rent and i have no food.

I don't qualify for any government assistance, I dont have any friends in this town and I am sick with a cold, so i cant even go out and do anything to improve my situation. I can't even begin thinking of any way out of this mess, I fucked it all up. Bad.

I didn't ask for advice, because frankly I can't even think of any question to ask. I'm just fucked. I'm thinking maybe i should an hero.

edit: I am not going to do it, thankyou for your concern, this really broke me out of the spiral, I have reached out for help in the real world and have bought myself some more time. "
"I owe thousands of dollars.
I have been stabbed in the back by yet another person, worked fifty+ hours and got paid nothing and now I'm going to screw my best friend with no rent payment this month, or money for anything else.
But who gives a shit about money. Sure, I made a mistake working two months for no pay with someone else and am now screwed. (Different than above) Sure, the person I trusted most as a friend I just found out has been ripping me behind my back because she thinks I'm in love with her. 

The person I AM in love with, my ex-wife, has moved on, despite the fact that she promised a second chance after I took some time to fix myself and my problems. 

I have no job. No one. My family is utterly miserable and just judges everything that I do. I am 28 and cannot even afford the healthcare I need to take care of my MS, my collapsed ankles and my ADD which keeps me from focusing on anything. My hand is shaking like mad and I'm doing what I can to avoid painkillers.

I know it's completely stupid, but I find it hard to believe I'll ever find anyone who will love me as much as the two people I've screwed over. I'm out of options and pretty sure I'm at my limits.

I never went to Europe, never even went to the East Coast. If I believed in reincarnation or religion, I'd probably not be as worried, but at this point, I've got nothing left.

The suicide hotline was useless, my therapist is an idiot and I can't afford her anymore anyways, my friends are clueless and I'm out of options. Reddit is my last hope to maybe find someone to help me out. 

I just can't seem to find a reason for myself, yeah I know I'm insanely selfish, but I just can't seem to find a reason to stay here."
"I am thinking about getting a tattoo across my chest that says ""Do not treat"", so that if I ever arrive dying at the hospital they might just let me. Probably not but at least my wishes would be known.

I am going to get my organ donor card signed. There probably won't be much left of me if I'm successful in killing myself in the way I'm thinking.

I just can't hack it. Fuck it. You go be a hero, I'm out of here."
You have helped many :).
"""The downward spiral"" was nothing but a hazy analogy to me for failure until recent times, when I fell- headlong, and yet obliviously at first- into my own.  Now that its deadly accuracy is readily apparent in all aspects of my life, and I approach zero with startling, crushing rapidity, it scares the hell out of me, and I don't know if I can make it.

I don't want to get into the all of the details; I cannot bring my pathetic crying self, my fingers, to type the words.  I'm sure the broad strokes are familiar: twenty-something, probably a little too fun-loving, a little flawed, a little lazy, now shouldering a devastating amount of regret after a life riddled with a tragic pattern of irresponsibility and self-sabotage.  Unemployed for 2 years after a traumatic (but long denied) fall from grace (job, girlfriend, friends, money, car, IT career; all lost). 

I am not a bitter man, but I feel empty.  I have love in my heart for other people, movies, the game of chess, food, cultures, history, and cheer in general, but I no longer believe that I have what it takes to succeed in this life, or even to survive.  Spurred on by unfulfilled sexual cravings and failed relationships, social alienation, and certain juvenile, sentimental longings and ideals, I've allowed a weak and pathetic part of myself to destroy all of my prospects for future happiness.  I will tell my parents, my sisters, and the few friends still care that I tried, but I just couldn't make it, just didn't quite have what it takes.  I don't want to die, but I think I might.    

Thank you everyone, I won't do it and am working on getting started on starting over.  "
"I had a good day yesterday but then suddenly I was opposite. I thank you for providing a place for me to just spew my shit. It helps to keep me busy until I have had time to calm and become more rational.

You are all really great people and I hope you don't mind being one of my coping mechanisms. I hope to be as helpful to others here more often."
"I'm on a high dose of anti-depressants and occasionally I will feel down to the pits of society... is this just normal human sadness or should I contact my psych?
I'll def. see my psych, but I've been on this medication for over a year, is it normal for it to start reacting this late?"
"I feel so alone. My best efforts to find friends or connect with people have been failing me for all these years. I have such an odd and disconnected relationship with my family. My long distance relationship is falling apart. I have no one. Those I consider my closest friends don't have any respect for me a ridicule me to my face. Even those I work with and see day after day are much the same. They actively avoid me, looking the other way when we pass each other in the hall. My group goes to lunch every day without me and even as I was standing there they tell the new guy as they're inviting him out, ""No, we don't invite [me]"".

People don't hate me, they just want nothing to do with me. I didn't think it would be possible to actually lose friends but it is. I used to hang out with a friend all the time but eventually he started seeming distant with me for some reason. I'd go over to his place almost every weekend, but one weekend I decided not to go and see what would happen. Nothing. Few more weeks, nothing. Months, nothing. It's been almost a year now and the person I once considered my closest friend hasn't attempted to contact me. I once tried to hold a get-together with a bunch of people and a few of them did nothing but text and eventually said they had somewhere else to go, bringing with them several others who volunteered to go. 

My phone hasn't rang for weeks. I'm constantly available on chat and never receive anything. I was surprised to find out that friends actually e-mail each other. Surprised because I had never received a single one that simply asked how I was doing or to share some funny anecdote or link or something. I have to invite myself everywhere I go. 

If I went tonight it would probably be weeks before anyone noticed, and it'd probably be because a neighbor noticed a weird smell emanating from my apartment. But I won't. I'll continue living in my deserted island in the world, being a spectator to others walking together laughing with each other or talking about their friends and how awesome their weekend was. We'll see how much fuse I have left. "
"[throwaway account]

He's cripplingly depressed and bipolar, and has been in a downward spiral for the last four years.  He's lost everything.  I've stopped him from killing himself before (about two years ago), and convinced him to get help from his family.  Now, he hates his family and has burned all his bridges and will run out of money within a month.

Helping him feels like trying to get a cat to walk on a leash.  He just flops over.  I cannot support him financially, and I know he is always one really bad day away from offing himself.  Is there anywhere he can go to get taken care of (government etcetera)?  He feels like he won't get better, and I really cannot handle it.  He has told me that there is nothing I can do.

I see him as a dead man walking, and have accepted that he will die.
But I cannot stand the thought of him bleeding out in a dark room, weeping by himself."
"Conscious existence has become way too LOUD and UNCOMFORTABLE and abrasive for my tastes. 

Every night when I sleep, my dreams (always nightmares) are as intense as my waking life -- it's like every single second of my sleep is rem sleep and every night consists of months or years of terrible visions and experiences, a long, terrible journey, until I finally awake back in the real world in the morning. 

But that's never a relief because seconds after waking up every morning, my mind is racing with too many thoughts and ideas and images and emotions for me to keep up with. I just can't stop thinking. 

I worry about everything. I can never sit still. I want to do everything at once, I want to touch everything, I want to learn everything there is to know. I'm a college graduate, I speak several languages fluently, I've been all over the world, and I've met the most amazing/beautiful people I'd ever care to know.

But over the years, as I've grown older, these beautiful memories have become ugly -- on their own they're like pretty melodies, but they're all in different keys, and in different time signatures; and I can't stop going over them, they're all playing at once creating a terribly dissonant, deafening noise that chokes me down to my very soul, and it just keeps getting louder, and it's inescapable, saturating my dreams and my day to day life. 

I just want to rest for a while. I want it all to stop. I want silence. The idea of suicide is so appealing to me, death itself is the only way I can think of to make it all go away. Just blissful, uncounscious, silent, restful, empty non-existence in an empty, non-existent void. No more worries, no more intense desire, no more lustful, quenchless thirst for whatever hedonistic knowledge or experience or idea my stupid body and mind pursue single-mindedly till it has consumed me entirely. I just want it all to stop. I can't even sleep without awful nightmares full of horrendous images and events. 

Help me, Reddit? I'm starting to believe dying is the only escape. I just want to feel NOTHING at all. "
"Hello everyone. Long time lurker and reader, first time poster. I have approached a suicide hotline just to talk, but didn't find it terribly beneficial. So here I am...

Right now I feel alright, but when my mind takes a dive I find myself thinking terrible thoughts and my body is drained of all energy. It has been happening more frequently as of late and is impairing my way of life. A bit about myself: graduated from college december of 2008 and moved back home just outside Detroit. Living in the Metro Detroit area proved difficult as I bounced around a few short term jobs with no sights of something more stable. I moved to DC and worked several jobs before landing a job in a hotel. I don't know what happened or why it happened, but my anxiety began to sky rocket around this time. I worked nights at the hotel and found myself to be terribly miserable and wanted to get out of customer service altogether. To cut the story short I jumped out of DC to pursue an opportunity in Austin as I thought I could do better there. Unfortunately the job was not given to me and I decided not to stay in Austin without a job secured. I am staying with an uncle in California for the moment but I have been hiding my feeling of despair, hopelessness and failure from him. I am applying to jobs in the Bay area but I have really exhausted myself by the search. 

At one point I was participating at a local improv theater and attempting to improve my writing. Gradually my mood changed and I found it increasingly difficult to get involved or even pick up a pen. I need to get back up but i continue to slip and am afraid where this may eventually end. 

Just wanted to talk it out. I want to be happy. I want to get back to pursuing my dreams. My mind says I am not capable of doing these things.

"
"I can't look at myself. Knowing that I will never even be considered somewhat attractive makes me hate seeing anyone; even my friends and family. I know they all judge me and it's impossible for me to forget that everyone knows they're better than me. I'm too embarrassed to open up to someone, but even if I did they probably wouldn't care. I'm a virgin. I'm sexually frustrated. I've never had a girlfriend. I don't know what it's like to have an intimate relationship. I'm socially awkward and I can't do anything right. Even though I'm a complete scumbag I still manage to judge people and think like a shallow asshole. I'm a terrible person, I know it's my fault, and I still haven't changed. I deserve to die."
"As a word of warning, I am pretty under the influence of alcohol

Also, I do not post in here to help people so I feel bad about making a page, so I apologize for that.

I just put out three cigarettes on my hip and the adrenaline or something has made me really want to fuck myself up worse tonight. Nobody will talk to me, my friends are either passed out or nursing passed out people. My boyfriend won't speak to me, I told him I felt like hurting myself but I've said that before so he just said ""ok we can talk for 5 minutes but then I'm going to fucking bed"" which I should have taken him up on because he was going to talk, but he flat out said he didn't want anything to do with me tonight, and then allowing 5 minutes made me feel bad for bringing it up to him so now he's gone and asleep. And then my suitemates were yelling in their room about what a loser and dirty ugly bitch I am, so I overheard.

I feel like a total prick for posting in here and doing the cigarette thing because I feel like a fucking attention whore. Last time I did it on my hand so everybody saw and I was just so ashamed of being one of those ""oh no help me"" sort of people and I feel like such a dick doing it again.

The only reason I can come up with now to live is because A. My best friend has already dealt with suicide, don't want to put him through it again, and B. Because I'm just a fucking attention whore and I probably need to suck it the fuck up.

I don't know if this is how these things usually go and I'm sorry if I'm just being ridiculous to you guys. I don't really want to die, I just want to go away and never come back to anybody to fuck with them anymore"
[removed]
"Hello, /r/SuicideWatch.  Sorry you're here.

I'm trying to think of how to explain myself to you a group of people I've never met before without this turning into a paper roughly the same length as The Bible.

For as long as I can remember I've been other people.  Even thinking back to my earliest fragments of memories of being five or six I can still recall just doing what others were doing because I wasn't sure how a normal person acts.  I'm sure this mirroring behaviour is perfectly normal for a young child with little to zero social interaction in their life before, but this 'phase' has just kind of *stuck* with me.  I don't know if there's anyone under the masks I wear anymore or if I've forgotten them all together.  This scares me.  When I'm not playing a role, I just feel chronically empty within.

Being this way has let me fit in with various groups of people over the course of my still pretty young life, but it's like if I hang around the same people long enough they see through it and notice there's nothing there.  I've always been **that** guy who is friends with almost everyone, but never a close friend.  I've done a lot of things for a lot of different people in my life and as a result I'll be first person called in case of an emergency, emotional problems or alike, but I'm still the same guy that will be left out of group social interactions in a group full of people that when alone I'm friends with.

A few of my older friends have seen through me and as a result we've drifted apart.  I know how *cliché* this sounds, but I honestly believe I'm incapable of feeling love.  I know the mechanics of it and the general sexual urges are there but there's no emotional attachment at all.  For example, right now I have two great women who have both made it **very** clear they want to be with me and I've told them that I loved them... without really knowing what that should mean.

This apathy has just spread further into my life to the point where nothing seems to have a purpose.  I've managed to get a few qualifications in the past but I have no urge to look for better work.  I could easily go back and get more qualifications and I'd have no trouble getting some kind of degree, but my schooling has always gone the same way.  I get ahead of the class by too much too early, I get bored and distracted, by the time the class catches up and we get new work I've lost all interest.  Because of this I stay in my current job, in the same house, with the same car and repeat the same patterns *ad nauseam*.

I don't have any real direction left to travel in and my current place in driving me insane.  I just feel lost and empty, but this time the feeling isn't passing.

If anyone has any information that could explain these feelings (or lack of) I would be appreciative.  Thanks to anyone that actually bothered to read this tale in its entirety."
"I don't know what to do anymore. I've been suicidal for the past 4 years, and it seems to be the easiest thing to do anymore. I don't know who to turn to for help.
 I don't have any close friends. 
 Turning to my boyfriend for my issues is only going to put my relationship at risk even more.
 My parents and ""family"" have fallen apart.
 Even my past posts (which have been deleted) to /r/ hasn't done me any good.
 I feel like people are no longer there for me, I don't know what to do anymore, and I just want someone who gives a flying fuck for once..
 Sorry for ranting."
"So Ive been able to have lucid dreams at will for all my life (all I need to do is drink coffee and sleep on my back) and Ive always enjoyed them, but recently, that is all Ive been looking forward to. I now find real life mundane and boring. In my dreams I can do what I want, fuck who I want, travel to space, and fly to where I please. It has become an addiction and I no longer have the urge to hang out with my friends or talk to my family. I just wanna stay home and wait for sleep to kick in so that I can start the process. I cant say that im depressed, I just no longer care about anything or anyone. In a way, my dreams have become my reality. I know its not healthy but I cant help it. I dont want to be this way but I truly feel my best when I am dreaming. Is there anyone out there who can relate to what im going thru? I dont know how anyone could help me out, and Ive been to other subreddits and im not getting any replies, but I love you guys and dont know who else to ask."
"I don't think I can live with myself any more. I'm a continual disappointment to myself and others. Over the past few days i've been calculating the necessary amount of cyanide solution that I use at work that I'd need to drink to kill myself. It would be ridiculously easy to do, and the only thing holding me back is my cowardice. 

I know that those around me would be better off with me dead, as I know my the student loans my mom took out for me would be wiped out and she could certainly use the money seeing as she's facing bankruptcy. My fiancee left me a few months ago, and I broke some girl's heart on the rebound. My job is shitty, I've got few prospects, and I hate what I do. I feel like I've wasted my entire life and maybe the best thing to do would be to end it. 

I can't seek professional help, as I work in a classified facility, and that shit is enough to revoke my clearance and get me fired, putting me into an even worse position than I already am.  I really, really just would like to die peacefully right now."
"Hello Reddit,

You guys are sort of my last hope.

I have no idea where to start, but here it goes. I apologize in advance for possible mistakes, English is not my first language.

On the day I was born, my real dad left my family. Soon after, my mother got together with another man (who I thought was my real dad all this time). That man was in jail 90% of my childhood due to drugs. When he got out, he had to take care of me and my younger brother because my mother was in the hospital, I was 12 at that time.

The next morning, I woke up, only to find him dead in the living room due to an OD on drugs.

After he died, my mother got together with another man, who had a drinking problem and he would hit us pretty much every night. At the age of 14, she asked me if I ""wanted to be with daddy"". I refused, so she dropped me off at the house of my oldest sister.

She tried to kill herself and my youngest brother by ODing on pills. She failed. My youngest brother spent weeks in a coma, while she got sent to jail.

My youngest brother eventually got out of that coma, and came to live with my oldest sister as well. He only stayed for about 2 years though, because he sexually assaulted the two daughters of my sister.

A few months ago, my older brother tried to commit suicide as well, by ODing on pills, but luckily my sister could call the ambulance in time. My oldest brother committed suicide when I was 8, by hanging himself due to a failed marriage.


Now I never talked to anyone about this, and everyone thinks I'm doing just fine. I cannot complain, as I have the opportunity to go to college (currently in my second year) and I have no complaints about living with my sisters family.

I still have very frequent suicidal thoughts though, lately I have been crying every single night, and I'm scaring myself as I've been checking up time schedules of trains, looking at what pills we got in the house, etc.

I just have no one to go to. My first (and only) girlfriend broke up with me 2 years ago and told me ""you don't deserve anyone in your life at all, with your fucked up history"". After that, I had (even worse) commitment issues with people. A few weeks ago, I finally decided to open up to a close friend of mine, and told her parts of what happened.

She was very supportive the night I told her, but the next day, she cut all contact with me by not returning calls, deleting me from Facebook, ignoring me at college, etc.

I made an appointment with the college counselor a few days ago, and he suggested a therapist, but it's still going to take a few weeks before I can go talk to him/her.

I'm currently in tears again, and I honestly have no idea what to do.

I'm sorry for the long post, and I would understand if you cannot be bothered reading it all, I just had to tell someone.

**edit** I didn't expect so many helpful replies. Thanks a lot Reddit.

**edit 2** therapist appointment keeps getting pushed back. I have to do some college group project all alone as well, as the person I worked with, dropped out. Ah well, a few weeks left I suppose."
"Lately I have just been having trouble feeling any emotion towards anything, which makes me not care about living. It has gotten to the point where nothing affects me. A raise, So what? A friend's parent dies, what is the problem? Upcoming vacation, what is the point? Nothing is truly ""wrong"" with my life, I have a fine job, supportive friends, a good social life, but every day I find myself reaching for my rifle out of extreme disinterest in life. I don't feel sad, depressed, angry, or anything else, I just don't care. Help?"
i'm a recovering alcoholic and addict. i'm a college dropout. i miss my old life so fucking bad because at least i was happy. i have so much to live for and so much to be grateful for - i know this all already. i have so many friends. i have parents that help me out financially. i just don't want it. i want something different. i want to not be here. i'm so tired. exhausted. i don't have any time to just sit and relax and god i'm just so fucking tired. the suicidal thoughts won't go away. please make them go away.
"This is my third post to sw, with my third throwaway account. Obviously the first two times I managed to overcome the despair I was in, but to say that I feel completely sane and happy would be a lie.

Will someone please talk to me? I don't even necessarily want to talk about how miserable I'm feeling...I guess I'm just looking for some form of human contact. Something to make me feel....alive...."
"I sincerely believe I am fucking crazy. I don't mean in the badass sense like yeahhh I'll chug a bottle of liquor and fuck a fat girl and I'm cool as shit kinda crazy, but like, severely emotionally damaged goods here. I lack coping abilities to say the least. The only way I can cope is by drinking myself unconscious or cutting myself. Yes I'm 26 and still cut myself, pathetic I know. I don't do it on my forearms and walk around with a t shirt on by any means, only a few people know I do it. Mainly ex girlfriends who saw me without my shirt off during sex and one or two of my best friends. Not even my family knows. I do it on my shoulders, my chest, and my inner thighs but that's another story. My shoulders are just mutilated after years of doing that. Do I care? The only time I care is when someone sees it like at the doctor or when I wish I could do it more on them but scar tissue is too hard to cut through. My inner thigh though, my left one to be specific, well I wanna cut my fucking leg off now. Wanna hear how stupid I am? Of course you do, that's why you're still reading this.

So this girl, Ashley, the love of my life. She doesn't talk to me anymore. We dated on and off for like...4 years. I love her more than anything. She still has my heart. She won't even talk to me anymore. Haven't talked to her in like 2 months. Basically she's like me but a hot female. Fucked up crazy bitch cutter had a rough life etc. I treated her like shit a lot. Why? Why the fuck did I treat the girl who means more than anything to me like shit? I fucking hate myself. I can't even tell you why. I was drunk a lot but that's no excuse. I just wanted to make someone feel lower than me maybe? That's not possible...but anyways, like I said, we both cut a lot and one night I had the BRILLIANT idea to carve our names into each others leg because I was dumb enough to think we'd be together forever. Well guess what's on my leg? A huge fucking ASHLEY from my upper thigh to my knee. I can barely wear shorts now without an EY popping out sometimes. Fuck I hate me. Everything about me. 

By now you're probably thinking ""Wow this guy is a truly pathetic piece of shit. After reading this story I feel better about my life!"" If this post accomplishes anything, I hope it's that. I hope someone will read all the terrible shit I'm gonna put in here and feel better about their own situation. As fucked up and crazy as I am, I actually like to do good things for people and to make them feel good. And believe me, there's gonna be a lot of shit in here. I haven't even started yet. 

Maybe you're asking myself what I'm trying to cope with, with all my drinking and self abuse. (besides the Ashley thing) Well let's see. I was molested a lot when I was a kid by my moms friends daughter who babysat me. She sucked my dick and made me eat her pussy and locked me in the closet at night. This happened over a period of about 2 years, when I was 5 to 7. I told my mom but she didn't do shit about it and kept sending me there when she went out to drink.  Kids at school made fun of me all the time for how I looked, talked, etc. This pretty much ruined my self esteem for the rest of my life it seems. I wanted to drop out just to get away from that but my parents wouldn't let me. My family doesn't give a fuck about me. My mom is rich as hell and won't loan me $100. My dad used to beat me and doesn't even talk to me anymore. Girls have ripped my heart out so many times that there is just nothing left.  That's probably the worst thing. There is nothing left in my heart. I can't remember the last time I felt any sort of emotion other than disgust or hatred and I fucking hate it so bad. I can't even bring myself to have sex with girls anymore. When it starts getting there i just get this complete feeling of absolute dread in my heart. When I get this feeling, I feel like I'd rather get punched in the face than to bang this girl. I have no idea what causes it or how to fix it but I will throw every excuse out there to avoid having sex with a girl. If I don't drink at least 12 beers a day, I want to kill myself. I get the the shakes and my head feels all fucked up and I got this itch that just will not go away in my brain. If it wasn't for music and alcohol I would have killed myself years ago. But I think even now that it's not enough. The last 2 years have been exceptionally rough mostly due to homelessness. I can't find a job that pays enough to get a place to save my dick. I've been couch surfing everywhere over the last 2 years. West Virginia, Ohio, Florida, Canada, etc.

You know what depresses me more than anything though? And this has happened a few times now. A girl will be so good to me and any other guy would consider himself the luckiest guy alive, and me, in my fucked-upness, can't feel a thing for her. Not a thing. She could die on a car crash on her way home from work and I'd be like meh. It's not that I'm an evil bastard, it's just, you know, the whole no feeling anymore thing...I hate it. I think that if she can't make me feel anything, then who is? Nobody is, ever. I realize this and I don't want to live like this anymore. I think I'm gonna take a bottle of sleeping pills and drink a bottle of something, maybe some rum. Not tonight but like...maybe soon. 

The only thing that even brings a smile to my face anymore is the thought of killing myself. Just knowing that there is a way out of this hell. The other day I was walking to to class and I just thought, you know, this could all end. All of it. All I have to do is take a bottle of sleeping pills and drink. That's it! That's easy. Stop being a pussy. Just do it. Just fucking do it you fucking pussy. That's all it's gonna take. No more numbness. No more shitty life. No more horrible memories. No more drinking until you piss yourself. No more hangovers.  No more homelessness. All gone. Done. Behind you. I'm never going to be happy anyways so what's keeping me here? I'm just afraid of death I guess. I don't believe in religion and all that so I know I'm not going to some beautiful afterlife where the beer flows like wine. Just, I guess the thought of my consciousness not existing anymore terrifies me.  

My...depression...psychosis..whatever you want to call it, has been getting so bad lately that I literally vomit. I puke probably 2 or 3 times a day and only when I think about my past or Ashley or something. Oh and every time I get naked I think of Ashley because of my leg. I really need to die already...If I'm occupied with something I feel fine though.

And before you guys give me advice, know this. I'm broke. No insurance. I've been to therapy MULTIPLE times, been on god knows how many pills, nothing worked. Made me feel worse if anything. I have hobbies. I can play guitar drums bass draw paint etc. I go to college.  I can't afford therapy. What else is there?"
"I hate my life, and no one likes me. All of my attempts at getting to know people fail. I just logged on to my facebook and saw that the only posts that I have are from me. I talk to people, but can't help but feel that I annoy them. I have no confidence and no direction in life. What the fuck. I think I'm socially retarded and never going to achieve anything. What's the point in trying when anything I do goes unnoticed. 

Also, I made this account so that I wouldn't be associated as a depressed fuck on my main account. I know how much of a turnoff depression is to people. Fuckin people suck.

**Edit:** lol @ downvotes in /r/SW. Haters gonna hate, but I appreciate each and every one of you that took the time to comment. This has made my week look so much better."
"[similar](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dg6ti/i_need_ideas/)

I'm not this person, but I feel the same way.

I'm living in my vehicle, I have no job, and I have no will to do anything at all. I am going to be on the streets and starving quite soon. I'm a seeing a psychiatrist, but it's not doing anything, it never has. I simply do not want to do anything, I will not do anything to ""help"" myself, because I don't want to.

I don't tell my psychiatrist everything, because I don't want to end up in a hospital or anything. I want to be left the fuck alone. I don't trust anyone. There is one person in this world I feel comfortable around, but as I am running out of money, and cannot support myself, I can't move in with him. I can't pay the other half of rent.

I'm supposed to start school again soon. I had signed up a while ago. Now that it is fast approaching, I realize I cannot go. So I am going to walk away from the money I've already put into school. I can't handle it. I can't handle anything. I am already dead inside. I'm just waiting for my body to catch up with my soul.

So, the way I see it is, I have a few options. I can do nothing (because that's all I can really do anyhow), I can kill myself, or I can post here and hope someone generously donates a large amount of money to me, so I can leave and never come back.

See the responses on the link provided, I can see that people don't understand very basic concepts here, so I really don't have a whole lot of faith in this, but what the hell right? I believe I've already entered the biological state of starvation anyhow. May as well give this a shot.

I fantasize all day about finding a rich, beautiful woman to marry and I can be a stay at home dad, take care of my kids, smoke pot, go traveling. That's the extent of my motivation. Unfortunately, clearly I'm not an attractive candidate to other humans. Also, it's clear from this that I have no intent of ever making some sort of effort towards my own survival. If I have to work to live, then life just isn't worth living. Fuck that. 

My whole life I've never envisioned living past the age of 35. Now that that age is fast approaching, I live in constant fear that I will live a long life. What a horrible fate. To be alive.

I'm going to go get as high as I can now, to make this world go away. Unfortunately I have an indica blend, so it doesn't take my mind away, only my body :("
"i can't do it anymore. i've got no shoulder left to lean on. my girlfriend left me at my lowest point so far. she called it a 'break' so i would get my head outta my ass. i've been an asshole. i've lied. 
she asked me to stop smoking weed.. i tried and eventually she found out that i was doing it again. thing is she was more than my girlfriend. she was my best friend. i fucking love her.. and every day i see her in class and she acts like nothing's wrong. 

i've lost all my friends. i'm broke. and my mother won't take me to a shrink without prying --'well i have to know why'-- bullshit. so she can gossip to her fucking friends and tell everyone in the family that spencer's got the crazy too. i'm especially against it after she was basically making fun of my grandmother for checking herself into 'the loony bin'. fucking hate that term.

it doesn't matter. one more week. i'll have money to buy some painkillers and i'm fucking done.
thanks for all the distraction reddit. "
"Here is my deal. It's a throwaway, and although it may sound kindof ego-boosting or trollish, its all true and I just want to be honest.

My life is great. I'm (admitedly) very attractive and have a number of people I've been sleeping with over the past few months. I just graduated from university, am taking a post-grad now in a subject I really enjoy and am financially stable. My family is perfectly functional and I have everything in the world going for me. There is honestly nothing wrong with my life, and I know it.

And yet at the same time every time I step onto the subway platform (I live in a major city) I think about jumping. Almost every night I think about wrapping my head in a towel and shooting myself in the face. I constantly ask myself why I'm thinking about this, and I don't know. I'm just... Not happy. I don't think I want to off myself, I just can't stop thinking about it. Part of my problem is that I really just don't care about anything anymore. I barely cared to get through college, but still got by with an 80% average with next to no work. I did my undergraduate thesis in two nights and pulled off a 78%. My life feels unacomplished, nothing seems to really have any value... I'd never have the balls to say this to anyone I know in person, and feel like if I went to a psychologist I'd just pretend everything was fine. If anyone wants to know more details about anything, I'll be happy to share - so long as its not specific to my identity.  "
"Ok, I've seen this story hundreds of times on the site, and I always tried to think of something good to say, but I never crack it. so thought I would tell my own story.

for the past 6-7 years I've been suffering plain old clinially depression. I lost a job, and a girl and it just got worse from there. then two years ago just as I got retrenched again. my stepdad got offered a job in the uk, so I decided to come with him and mom. New life, new oppurtunities.

Well two years later it's blown up in our face. my sister moved back to SA to be with her loser boyfriend who we all hate. my dad got promoted to workin in germany four days a week, so each weekend he comes back wrecked. that leaves me and my mom. my mom drinks, I to have started drinking, so neither of us can really judge the others. 

I can't find a job here, clearly even if I did, it would suck and my depression would not go away. I react badly to all the meds they tried. some made me worse, or a zombie, nothing made me feel ok enough to function like a normal human being.

so I want to die. I don't want another three decades of living like this, but I can't. I'm scared, but thats not the problem. the problem would be breaking my mothers heart, leaving her alone by herself while her husband works out of town four days a week. Shes miserable and drinking now, I don't know FUCK IT. 

Abd I get that this life, and it's not easy and sometimes there are bright parts and sometimes some dark part, my my bright parts of behinded me, crippled and twitchin as they bleed out on the road.

facebook assists me in pointing out all thr accomplisments of my peers, weddinds, babys job,

I'm a chickenshit, Mom would be hurt, but her two other kids are doing great, and I hope that will see them through,

I have this wonderful family who love me and want to fix me but they don't know how to do it.

I'm going to be like this the rest of my llife,,.,TRHATS NOT FUCKING D

I'm well aware of the pain I cause when I'm gone, but that pain will fade and maybe peoplereaslies (Sorry, drinkin on sleeping pills)

I wish I could just dissapear, then they'd wonder instead of mourn. I could be the quircky parking story. I could end myself somehere nice a dnd a bag sleeping pillls and antnausa meds, Ok, so peope can laugh at my outpouring. I was just looking for a kindred soul,,,,who maybe had a job far away from swindon,

should clarify: Im not any drugs, all the stuff they tried with me did't wortk and some of it made a little violent! check those inswerts! so I drink. I tend do four big beers befor a vodka bottle to half (Not exaherating. hence my spelling and speech,

so I guess my question is: how do I do this without all the peope that U love, and hurting as little as prossibe, because at the end of jan, I'll turn thirty, the last excuses of being a messed up kid behind me... and all I wan do is die now. quietly and alone, and no one knows what happened to me, they'll wander but never know. that is my dream"
"Hey SW. I'm new to this board. Mods go ahead and delete this post if it's not appropriate. 

I am no longer suicidal. I consider myself a survivor of my depression and suicide attempt. For what it's worth, I'm 22, male, and live in redneckland of northern Pennsylvania. 

Well I was never a super happy kid. I was one of the youngest in my class, and I was one of later kids to hit puberty. I was never really masculine to begin with; my parents thought I was gay for a while. So I was one of the popular targets for bullying. My self-esteem was shit poor.
My real depression set in when I was 16, a junior in highschool. Basically, I was crushed and heartbroken several times over. I would guess some of the girls over at 2xc would have called me a ""Nice Guy"". They would probably be right. I idealized and obsessed over my crushes. I never talked shit behind their back or got angry at them, but in my subjective world it felt like knives slicing at my heart. 

Other things happened around this time that only compounded my problems.  I missed the cut for my highschool baseball team (I played every year since I was 5). My grades were sucking pretty hard. I got D's in both chemistry and trigonometry. And worse of all, I didn't make the cut for my high-school ""select choir"". This hurt the most, I was planning on getting a B.A in Music Education with voice being my main instrument and the program I was applying had pretty high standards with a 10% acceptance rate. Even almost 7 yeas later, this makes my blood boil.

Everyday and night was a struggle for me. I had a very small support system of just my close friends. My mother was dealing with her own issues and never noticed just how far I was falling. And frankly, she was a really bad person. My dad... well, he took the easy route and told me to man up and get over it. Told me to get outside and get some air. It'll be good for me. Basically I got no empathy from either of them. Three Christmas Eves in a row, from 04-06. I fell asleep crying. 

My low point was December of 2004. Thats when I was made my attempt. It wasn't glamorous or glorious. Just me and a knife I planned on jamming into my chest. The strangest feeling I remember from that night was that I *knew* and truly believed that I would never see the daylight again. It's a hard feeling to describe. It was almost peaceful. It was probably that feeling of peace that made me not go all the way. I've been doing a pretty good job of not thinking about that night until now. So I honestly don't remember what was going through my head. I have a small scar on my chest which you can only notice if you're looking for it. The cut was really minor, nobody ever knew about it.

I never had intense therapy for my issues. I never believed it would help me at all. I also didn't want to ask my parents for it. I didn't want to let them know how bad off I was.
I met with my school guidance counselor only a few times. They only helped enough to keep me from going over the edge. She tried to rationalize with me about my feelings. I guess my brain wasn't developed enough to understand. I didn't have the ability to see the big picture through my pain.

So what got me out? It's hard for me to say since there were so many stressors. Spring of 2005 one of the girls who was a big source of issues graduated and went off to school downstate. Not seeing her everyday made things easier for me. I was able to focus enough to get my grades together. I also started taking voice lessons from one of the professors at the university I wanted to attend. I may have been cut from my highschool select choir, but I improved myself and eventually placed higher than anyone else in my school in the state choir competition. The fact that I didn't really prepare for that as much as the others (I was focusing on solo pieces for my audition to the BA program) and that my choir director was basically begging me to come back only helped boost my self-esteem. Not long after I was accepted to the music program (Thats a big Fuck You Scott). 

I eventually found music wasn't really my thing. My last choir experience was when I went with the university concert choir to Vienna and Graz in Austria, Ljubljana in Slovenia (absolutely beautiful city), and Trieste/Venice in Italy. 

Not long after that trip, I took a new mind set. I didn't give a flying fuck what people thought about me, especially with women. I was tired of trying to please others and sucking up to people in hopes that they like me. Lo and behold. It took exactly 1 month for me to run into someone. Someone who loved me for being me, not what I wanted them to think I was.

So here I am now. My last year of college. Going to graduate this spring with a B.S. in psychology. I am recently engaged and just celebrated my 2nd year of being together with my new fiancée. I have my occasional bad day, but I'm always working on ways to become a better person. Just recently I have started changing my diet to become a more healthy person. I want to start going to the gym, just need to get over that big hump of going for the first time.
Thanks for reading. This was pretty therapeutic for me, I only cried twice while writing it :)

**tl;dr**: Things were shitty. Got better. 

Edit: My grammar always sucks the first time I write things out. Fixed some things."
"*Wild Geese*



You do not have to be good. 

You do not have to walk on your knees 

for a hundred miles through the desert, repenting. 

You only have to let the soft animal of your body 

love what it loves. 

Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine. 

Meanwhile the world goes on. 

Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rain 

are moving across the landscapes, 

over the prairies and the deep trees, 

the mountains and the rivers. 

Meanwhile the wild geese, high in the clean blue air, 

are heading home again. 

Whoever you are, no matter how lonely, 

the world offers itself to your imagination, 

calls to you like the wild geese, harsh and exciting--

over and over announcing your place 

in the family of things.



    © Mary Oliver. "
"Hey everyone,

I am a 28 year old male.  I haven't had sex in approximately two years, nor been on a date with a female in approximately four.  I pretty much wake up, go to a job I hate for eight hours, come back to a house full of roommates I cannot stand, and smoke cigarettes in my room and browse the internet until I take an Ambien and pass out.  And then I do it again.  And on the weekends I drink until I cannot see straight and fall asleep.

I just don't want to do it anymore; I am tired of struggling.  I know I'm a reasonably normal looking guy (not much overweight, bald though) and I have a decent group of friends (although they are pretty much all married).  In the past I was reasonably intelligent, but now pretty much the only thing I can think about is this crippling depression.  I just feel I have this anti-charisma, I haven't really met anyone new in about 4 years.  Whenever I get introduced to someone new (especially women) I can just tell they don't like me and don't want to talk (and I'd have nothing to say anyways).  If I go out I pretty much only talk to one or two people that I'm close friends with until I get so drunk I can't talk to anyone.  And then I waddle home and think about killing myself because I feel so alone.

The real kicker is that I've followed all the advice on here.  I started seeing a therapist about 5 months ago, I started taking anti-depressants, I quit smoking, I started working out and toned down the drinking.  I was probably in better physical shape than I've been in my entire life.  But I still felt like shit all the time.

I've seen posts on Reddit talking about how people in extreme and debilitating physical pain should be allowed to kill themselves, and I just feel I am in that same boat mentally.  I am broken, I do not work right and I have zero self-confidence and don't know how to gain any.  It's like that Bruce Campbell Old Spice commercial: ""If you've never had any of it, ever, people just seem to know.""

Sorry this is so long."
"Never been good with them. Avoid making them if at all possible. I know that I can't keep promises and I don't like to pin myself down with them.

I came clean about a plan I had to end it all. I told a friend and ever since then things have spiralled down to the point where I wonder why on earth I ever promised him that I'd stay alive. When I told him everything I was calm and almost happy. Ever since then everything's gone for a shit and more than ever I can see that my existence is not doing anyone any favours. 

I want to pick up my original plan again. I want to break every promise ever made. I want to hurt myself. I have been. I want to do it more, I want to make it worse, I want to see what I'm capable of. I want to prove that I'm useful for something other than taking up space and wasting oxygen.

I guess I'm all fucked up. I want to tell someone all about my plan but I understand how that could trigger someone who's not quite there yet. I want to make it real. I want to ruin everything."
"Hello SW. 

I have been a contributor to this subreddit for as long as I've been on Reddit in general, and I'd like to think that I have helped a few people along the way. 

I've only actually posted new threads here maybe twice, and both times I've deleted them after engaging in some discussions with some of you that have helped me see things a bit clearer. I imagine the same outcome will befall this post. We'll see. 

My goal here is twofold. One - catharsis. Two - knowing others with open minds will actually read what I type. There's something uniquely soothing about that. Having complete strangers who are removed entirely from my world _digest_ what is on my mind is in some way helpful to me. 

I am 31. I am a male. I am college educated, good looking, healthy and, by most definitions, successful. But (and you knew there was a 'but' coming) none of this means anything of substance to me because I do not value my existence. There is nothing here for me - the purpose of my life escapes me entirely and my days are filled with nothing but a general malaise and automaton-like activities I do just to get through the workday. 

Because I know what other kinds of things are typed in posts on this subreddit, I will spare you the expected nuggets like, ""I hate my life"", ""I have no friends"" and ""I just want to die"". While these are all very true statements, they don't do justice to what I am feeling and what I want to get off my chest. 

All too often advice is given to those considering suicide that reads something like this:

_""There is much pain in this world, that is true. However, there is also so much beauty in it as well! Take the time to appreciate what is good in your life. Focus on it, not the negative.""_

I agree with the first few premises here. That there is beauty, and that there is pain. Both do exist - in droves. But the ability to 'focus' on the positive and neglect attention to the negative is such a callous prescription for someone truly depressed...it's almost insulting. 

I know that's not the intent. If you guys had it your way, all of the pain and suffering being experienced by those who submit here would be wiped away, and they would somehow get back to enjoying their lives in some way. 

But that's not going to happen. I know your intentions are good, but that's just not going to happen. 

Before I got into typing up this submission, I spent a solid hour or so drafting a prior submission, only to have to delete it by closing my web browser when my boss came over to have a chat about something inane. I was pissed. Boy was I pissed. 

Regardless, let me try to restate what it was that I had created up to that point:

There are two chief drivers of my suicidal ideation. One is purely existential, and the other is much more grounded in physiology and the sheer mechanics of the human condition. I'll explain more what I mean by that in a moment. 

As for the existential part - regardless of how hard you search, high and low, no one will ever be able to provide you with a watertight answer to the question, ""Why live at all?"". 

Oh sure - there will be plenty of attempts at a solid answer:

- Happiness
- Love
- Success
- Fulfilling a lifelong dream
- Fucking hot chicks

etc. etc.

However, upon real scrutiny there is NO answer that can be provided which satisfies the needs of all of us. There just isn't. Life doesn't have a clear cut purpose - aside from that which we ASSIGN to it. It's this relativistic reality that spurs my depression like nothing else. 

The idea that, inherently, life is an empty collection of meaningless experiences that will cease to be relevant the moment I leave this earth, is remarkably saddening. And, it's incontrovertible. That is to say, you couldn't argue against it with any real success. It's just a matter of fact. 

The only significance we have in life is that which we assign ourselves. Period. 

If the Christian myth were true, the above statement wouldn't flesh. We would have God to look to, and defeating Satan would be a reasonable, rational answer for what the purpose of life is. 

Though, the Christian myth is just that, a myth. And, for that matter, any attempt historically to explain humanity's existence at all has been for naught. No one knows where we came from or why we're here. The weaker of us choose to just believe these religious myths, because it gives us a phantom of an answer that we cling to just to get us from point A (birth) to point B (death). 

Some others of us choose to ignore the question altogether. They don't choose to contend with it. I envy these people - for, to never have to wrestle with the 'big questions' in life is to really lead a simplistic, completely absentminded existence without ANY critical thought. 

And in many ways, that is even sadder than the worst existential depression. 

So then, onto the mechanics of life. We all know that the human body is really just a glorified machine. It operates like any other process - there is input and output, both physical (food/chemicals/contact with others/etc) and immaterial (thought/data/emotion/etc). We process stimuli, or bacon, or emotions, or whatever, and spit out an output, sometimes consciously, sometimes not. 

But here is where things take a turn for the worse. 

In ANY system where you have sentient machines operating amongst themselves, and bettering themselves through acquisition/degrading themselves due to neglect, there is greed, usury, manipulation of the system and coordinated efforts to subjugate others. 

In so many words, what I am saying is that because of the ways in which humans NEED to operate (we NEED food, we NEED shelter, we [in a sense] NEED love, etc.), we naturally develop ways of exploiting others to get what it is that we want for ourselves and our brood. 

There is no getting around this. Human beings are selfish, brutal, myopic life forms who will do anything to further their own individual agendas and/or progenies. 

It's only when we're in comfortable positions do we look outwards to help our fellow human. Example: How often do you think a homeless person donates to the American Cancer Society? Well, if it means him getting a sandwich or not, the answer is likely never. 

But more to the point - this inherent self-serving 'function' of human beings can be pointed to as the chief cause of just about all of the strife we see in the world today (and have for years). Wars, famine, disease, persecution, extortion, political leveraging, etc. etc. can ALL be traced back to the neglect one human being has expressed towards another (or a group has expressed towards another). 

This is human instinct. This is the world in which you live. And what's even MORE disturbing about all of this - it's not changing. 

Not in my lifetime do I ever expect to see any sort of global paradigm shift that would release us from our self-gratifying shackles. Just as wolves travel in packs and fight ravenously for their food, even at the expense of the life of whatever they kill, so onward do humans march into the future, continually expatriating themselves from their neighbor and further distancing the 'one' from the 'all'. 

We have never, ever, ever been a singular human organism and we never, ever, ever will. Oh how glorious the concept is though, right? To live in a world in which we all unconditionally care for each other? Look out for each other? Defend each other and respect each other? 

What a utopia...though unfortunately it belongs in the realm of science fiction and moral philosophy. Not in reality...because it couldn't for a minute be realistically expected. 

When I was about 18 I had come to the realization that one day I would die by my own hand. There are a select few people in my life that I have communicated this goal to - and they promptly left either out of fear, or misunderstanding (or both). I suppose the therapists who I have worked with in the past would have stuck around were it not for my own departures, but to what end? I was but one of dozens of patients saying essentially the same thing: ""I very much dislike this world, and I do not wish to be a part of it.""

Seeing another patient go by way of suicide would just be par for the course for those folks. Their care isn't (nor could it ever be) considered genuine. 

So here I sit. It's a little after 5:00 and I'm still at work, having shirked my work-related duties to type out a treatise on why I will be dying sometime in the near future, by my own will. 

Perhaps after I am gone, someone will take care enough to go through what I had done in my spare time, on reddit, and they will come across this post. They will read with melancholic interest more about why I did what I did, and they will slowly come to an understanding that I couldn't, even if I tried, fit into a world that is clearly not suited for me. 

Thank you - and have a nice day. I'm going home to pet my dog and find some way to forget that I even spent the time I did to type this out. "
"Slowly but surely, it keeps spiraling out of control... thats the problem, I can't control it....

I have reason to believe my girlfriend has feelings for her ex... I don't think she's cheated on me, but I have a strong feeling it's just a matter of time... Even if she doesn't fuck him, is it worth being with someone who obviously has feelings for someone else?

I don't know. I want to be with her, and I believe she loves me... it's just that there's some things I know that I probably shouldn't...

Why do I look for answers to questions that I know will only hurt me? Maybe I'm just a control freak... Or maybe this is nothing at all, and I'm just paranoid; Just a sick person trapped inside their own mind.

I don't think so.

I made the stupid decision to go for work for my step dad, knowing full well what a dick he can be. If it were any other boss I probably would have quit, but the money is just too good. I feel like I'm trapped there until I have enough experience to get another job in the same field, or until next school year starts.

I have 1 single solitary friend in this world, and in 9 months, I will lose him; The dumbass got his girlfriend pregnant... I feel like I'm in the scene in SLC punks where stevo finds heroin bob dead. I'm screaming at the top of my lungs ""now what the fuck am I gonna do for friends?"" ""I wasn't ready for this!"".

My dad died less than 3 years ago... that still eats at me. I would give up everything to talk to him for 10 fucking minutes. I swear it. Everything.

All this shit is just weighing on me... I've been sick to my stomach for a month with all this shit running through my head constantly...

I can't fucking get away from it. When I'm at work, I hate my boss.

When I'm hanging out with my girl, I always know in the back of my head that she has feelings for someone else; That makes me distant towards her... it's almost like she knows I know something is up, and she's slowly starting to distance herself from me so she can get with this other guy, because she realizes I know shes playing me.

The couple time's a month I'm with my friend, I always remember that the good time's with him won't last. soon it will be ""Sorry man, watching the baby tonight, maybe some other time.""

Fuck that makes me sound selfish.

I'm starting to hurt myself more. I have what will probably be a permanent indent on my head where I slammed my phone into my skull several times after I found out something was going on with my girlfriend.

Any time I bleed it's like it doesn't even matter. I just kind of look at the wound... then I rip the scabs off when they start to heal.

Maybe I'm just crying for help... I didn't even bother to make a throwaway this time... I've lost count of the times I've posted here on SW.

I just want to break down and cry... all the time. But for some reason I can't do it. I actively try... It's like I'm incapable.

God... all this shit just sucks. I want to start over. I want to save my dad. I want to stop my gf from ever meeting this asshole. I want to not be on-call that night she got pregnant, he would have been too busy playing halo with me to fuck her that night."
"Been alone forever, never a girlfriend or love interest, never one who returned my affections anyway. No friends except two or three high school buddies I see maybe once every couple of years. No money, no career and the future's looking grim. 

Moved to a college town recently and I constantly feel like I just stepped out of a time machine. In fact I feel just like Doctor Who, I'm really old but no one can tell and decades of solitude have made me really smart and really weird. 

It's becoming obvious that i'm not going to be able to make any friends around here even though there are finally people to talk to that I can almost relate to because even thouh I'm a textbook loser everybody seems threatened by me. I go to a party and I'll be eventually thrown out because some meathead thinks his girlfriend is in love with me. Which is fucking hilarious, let me tell ya. 

Thought I made some friends two nights ago but yep, before I knew what was happening I got punched in the face and chased out by 5 drunk shitheads. I can't even let my guard down around people I know and trust because time and time again they seem to wait for an opportunity to attack me, usually while sleeping. It's getting to be fucking repetitive but I've accepted ther's something about me that brings that out in people. 

And none of that seems serious anymore, what worries me is lately all I see are damaged people and starving animals and just needless pain.  After that guy decked me I really felt myself going over to the dark side. If I had seen who did it (sucker punch WOP!) I think I might have gone back ther and killed him. I can't shake the constant rage and I'm starting to worry about myself. 

Actually after writing this I already feel much better,  I'm going to be alright. Pardon the spelling, I'm typing on a phone. I just wonder how much loneliness a human (?) can take. 

Ha ha the captcha is asking if I'm human"
"Hey guys, long time lurker, first time poster.  I'll attempt to be brief.

I am a 20yo, white male attending college at a large university in the south.  Diagnosed with depression with two years ago, I've cycled through a bunch of different antidepressants.  I'm currently on lithium and Effexor. The lithium is not for bipolar, my psychiatrist was just trying something different.  No drug I've tried so far has had any noticeable effect for more than a week.  I started smoking weed a couple of months ago and I wake and bake regularly now.  It probably doesn't help my situation, but it's the only thing I know that will always make me feel ok.  I've stopped smoking for now though since I want to reach some kind of conclusion and weed makes me too apathetic.  Therapy has helped some, but most of the progress I've made so far has been from things I've realized about myself.

I was a very good student in high school, but I have not succeeded in college.  The two main possibilities for this are that I am either depressed or don't know how to study, but it's hard to know which is correct since my depression started when I entered college.  I've managed to not get into too much trouble up until now, but I lost my main scholarship this past semester and I'm currently failing all my current classes.  I spent this past weekend expecting to kill myself Monday afternoon, and I've been postponing the deadline the last few days.  Realistically, I know I probably won't.  I've stood on a parking deck and looked down before, and I know that jumping would take more willpower than I have right now.  It would be easier to go do something fun with friends or go get high.   

I will probably end up doing a hardship withdrawal so that none of my grades for this semester will count.  What I do after that is what I'm trying to figure out now.

The most logical option is ECT.  I would go get shocked for a few weeks and probably start classes again in January, but I don't think this would solve my problems.  The truth is that I probably need to work out my problems with a combination of introspection and time instead of with electricity ;)

And of course there are the health things I should do.  My weight is fine, but I eat too much sugar and don't exercise.  I can't find the willpower to fix these though and part of me is too proud to believe that my problem could have such an ordinary solution."
"I apologize in advance if my problems seem trivial. I know there are many people out there, even in the US, who are objectively suffering far worse trials than I, but I don't know if I can take this any more.

I'm gay, and that's okay.

When I was 22, I met this amazing guy. The first and only man I've dated, loved, been physically intimate with. The funny part is that we sat next to each other in class for months before I had the courage to ask him if he were gay, but I eventually came to believe that asking this wad the best decision i had ever made because we spent years together and we loved each other. I don't believe that there is any overarching meaning or plan to the universe so no two people are ""meant to be"" but somewhere deep down, I truly believe we were meant for each other.

But he doesn't.

He broke up with me months ago, in June or July, I think. I can't remember because the weeks afterward were a blur of pain and tears. I feel like I should feel better about this by now and I'm ashamed that I don't. Most of the time I can maintain a facade of happiness, but it all comes crashing down on my shoulders when I remember that I will never see him again or hear his voice again or feel his hand in mine. I felt so lucky to be with him, but now I just feel completely without direction, like I'm just going through the motions and waiting for an identical, lonely tomorrow.

I do a lot of blaming. Often, I get frustrated with the seeming total absence of other gay men who want a real emotional relationship instead of just a hookup. I get angry that they're all such flighty flakes and wish they'd be like me and want to find actual love instead of just a warm body. I blame my ex for not communicating more and making it clearer that something was wrong. I blame my parents for a variety of reasons. But I know that it was all my fault. I was too much of am asshole to control myself during a rough time in
My life and I said and did terribly cruel things for reasons that absolutely were not worth it. Why couldn't I have just been nice? It doesn't make any sense. I look back at my behavior and it's like Scott Bakula quantum leapt into my body and ruined my relationship with the love of my life, for some reason. Nothing in the world makes sense now. I love him so much that I not only passed up the opportunity to sleep with two of my best friends whom I've found incredibly attractive for years (and he probably would have never known) but I stopped hanging out with them entirely, just to avoid the temptation. And yet, somehow I fucked over our relationship so badly, he doesn't love me any more.

I thought I was doing better but I needed to use my USB drive today and I found my goodbye letter that I left for him saved on it.  I read it, I'm not sure why, but reading it again has had me crying nonstop for the past hour and a half.

Our anniversary would have been this month. The only thing I want more than to die before spending that day alone is to be back together with him, but i know that will never happen. He hates me so much that he didn't even break up with me in person. We will never be together again and it is all my fault."
"I am sorry I know I have rambled on here.. It feels a little better having it written down. 

Sometimes it all seems so pointless. Just as it does now for me. Even though I got a loving family and a handful people I truly can call my friends, I feel so hollow. I just want to leave everything. 

I'm 20 years old (male if that matters) and not so sure what I should do with my life. At the moment I'm studying a course in Psychology to boost my chances to get in the police academy (later to be some sort of crime investigator). But I am also  considering ""Master of Science in Engineering"" (sounds a lot less fancy in my language), perhaps economic. 

I often think that if I got an SO life would seem a lot easier and better in all aspects. Because of my shyness and unawareness of females signals (have I been told some times) I haven't had a serious gf or even intercourse (last gf I had was about 5 years ago all very innocent). In the course I'm currently in I got in a group with me and 5 other girls. We actually made pretty good friends. Can talk about the most. Four of us was even out. It have happened more then once that when out talking with girls they praise me and say how happy a girl would be to have me as a boyfriend. I don't now how to take it. I isn't so bad looking (I think) and I got an athletes body. That I am a 20 yo virgin feels like a failure, but frankly I don't really care about that. All I want to have is a SO to share my life with (at first just a bit maybe). Don't get me wrong I think I would love to have sex. 

It feels like something is wrong with me and I haven't figured it out. 

I have often daydreams that some sort of catastrophe or some dangerous people come in and I step in and saves the day. What should I make of this? 

I have often imagined how it would be to just end my life. It feels I don't have the energy to tackle all life problems. Just walk away one night. Perhaps leaving a nice short note: ""I love you all. Make me proud of your decisions in life. Don't redo my mistakes, instead learn from them.""

Edit: Thank you for your encouraging words! I have my lows and ups, and right now I feel better. I will make sure to help other people out here."
"Hi SW. I've been struggling with the philosophical ramifications of nihilism for a long time now, and last night I had something of a revelation. The fact that nothing matters in and of itself does not matter. Like some kind of meta-nihilism, if you catch my drift. Any meaning we generate for ourselves (existentialism) is just as pointless and purposeless as any meaning that could be derived by some sort of divine mandate (theism). I don't want what life is offering, so any sort of realistic, practical 'just enjoy what you can and live life without worrying too much about it' (pragmatism?) tact is ineffective.

Pretty much the only reason I'd not killed myself up to now has been the impact (that is, negative) my suicide would have. My family doesn't exactly mean much to me, really anything at all, but I do have some friends to whom (seemingly unfathomably) I matter and to whom my suicide would be, if not shocking, then at least incredibly painful. Unthinkingly assuming that human suffering is bad, I decided I may as well shoulder my burdens and trudge onward for their sakes' if not my own.

But like I said, I've had something of a revelation. Why should human suffering be inherently 'good' or 'bad'? It just... is. And it sucks to go through, but so what? It's not like the suffering is any more or less meaningful than other modes of life. If your life sucks so bad, why not just commit suicide? Right? That used to sound so wrong. But it sounds so, so correct now, I cannot shake it.

You start off with all these reasons to keep living. First you've got family, then god, then perhaps selfish pleasures, or enrichment of others and the self, devotion to some perceived 'higher cause' such as art, truth, or love, maybe altruistic notions of self-sacrifice and doing things for others (and thus ultimately the self)... but once you try them all out, test them, you find that each are lacking. That inherently and objectively, nothing is worth the effort. Thus between the two options of inaction (simply drifting through meaningless existence) and action (ending meaningless existence), I must conclude that action is the superior choice. Rather than experience the plethora of ways in which our existence is both good and bad... I want to rescind my right to life. I don't want to bother going through these meaningless steps in a fruitless process. I don't want to acquire worthless degrees, to acquire worthless wealth, to acquire a worthless mate to acquire worthless offspring. I want no part of this whole damned system, I'm tired of it.

If you've made it this far, perhaps you can go a little further with me. If you can find any fault in this line of logic, please clue me in, because I can't anymore. I quite literally do not see any compelling reason to live, and plenty of compelling reasons why *not* to, and I recognize the gravity of that statement. I realize that I may be wrong. But I don't know who to turn to or who to ask these questions, because IRL I'd get recommended some sort of therapy, like I'm crazy just for pointing out the obvious. Perhaps not the obvious, but at least the evident.

Can anyone dispute this? Can anyone tell me why I should not commit suicide?"
"#1 - I am not at any immediate risk. Please check if others are at immediate risk before answering me. 

#2 - I don't understand why I feel like this - although I do have a family history of clinical depression and suicide. 

#3 - I am feeling regular urges to kill myself. I will not talk to the authorities since a) I may be committed to hospital and b) this may be seen as a problem that prevents me from doing my job.

I am grateful to those who respond, and especially grateful to those who can offer personal insight. "
bad.
"This'll be a long read so thank you to anyone who sticks with it.

Basically, I hate myself and everything about myself. I have completely unhappy with how my life has gone so far, am unhappy with it currently and I don't think it's going to improve much.

I remember George Carlin saying that ""luck is genetics as well as the desire to do hard work"", a observation that makes me sad to think of because I am a loser born from a family of losers and raised to be a loser. Due to years of emotional abuse as a child I am totally out of my depth in social situations, I can't make friends easily or win people over, can't attract women (due to me having the face of a rapist) and on the rare alcohol-fuelled occassions I do I have no idea what to do with them once I've got them. I have no idea how to be charming or charismatic in a conversation and it makes me really upset when I see that people would rather hang out with someone else despite them talking a load of bullshit.

I could accept not being a gregarious person if I had formidable mental capabilties to compensate for it but I don't have those. I have zero imagination, zero ability to critically think and no work ethic whatsoever. I've winged my entire academic career and it's only now that I'm at university that I wish my parents had drummed a desire and motivation to complete work into my head from an early age but now when I am faced with a daunting task I bottle it and give up straight away, mental fortitude and standing up for myself being another thing my dad never taught me.

So as it is, I am literally a cadaver-in-waiting. I can't do anything right, have no confidence, no idea what I want to do with my life, no luck, no drive, nothing to give me enjoyment, no past, no present and by the looks of it no future. I think my genetics and my mental conditioning up this point are pretty much made up for life now so this is my lot, I don't like it and think suicide might save me a lot of pain.

Your thoughts?"
"I can't quite believe I'm actually posting here. I'm 22 and haven't properly considered suicide since I was 9, but I feel like I just can't do this any more. I deliberately tried to run in front of oncoming cars today. My entire life has been an absolute piece of shit. My friends don't give a fuck about me and I practically have no family left. I'm an ugly motherfucker and have no hope in hell of finding a partner. Hell, I can't even pull in a fucking gay bar. I've accomplished nothing worthwhile in my life. I just don't know what to do. I've been depressed for several years, but I haven't felt suicidal for a long time. My life is just disappointment after disappointment and I just can't go on like this."
"What to say, what to say...

It's hard to explain how you feel after reading so many other people's death wishes. I can't even begin to argue that mine is any different from theirs. And therein lies the problem. I feel like one of many. I feel like wherever I go I fit in so well that I'm not even noticed.

If you try to quantify what it is to be alive (which is no easy task and subject to many biases) then most people would say that I am lucky. I have a family that cares about me. My childhood was not ideal, yet it was not unusual either. There was no abuse. There was no dysfunction. My parents are still together and still love each other very much (as far as I can tell).

Yet there is something missing. I have been on this earth for 25 years and I still don't have any sense of identity. Who I am changes based on who I'm with at the time. I am a master at blending in with the crowd. But it's not as good as it sounds.

I have wonderful qualities. I also have severe flaws. The same can be said about everyone. And that is the problem. What makes me so special? What did I do to deserve a loving family? What did I do to be blessed with the life that I have? I am different, yet the same as everyone else. So why did I get to be intelligent? Why did I get to receive an education? Why do people like me over other people?

I am just as good yet just as evil as anyone as you've ever met. To me life feels arbitrary. There's no reason for it beyond propagating life. Passing on genes. And that's not enough. I lie awake at night wondering why we're here, what purpose it serves for me to be on this planet. And I can't think of any.

There are people who care about me of course, but the same could be said about anyone. Even a serial killer has someone who loves them. Yet in my eyes there is no difference between me and someone who gets pleasure from taking other people's lives. No, I have not killed anyone (I haven't even been in a fist fight since middle school) but morality is such a subjective concept. Who is society to say that the mistakes I've made are any worse than Charles Manson's? Or Hitler's?

I am absolutely open to debate on this, in fact I encourage it. But the fact of the matter is that a single person's life when taken in context is so insignificant when compared to humanity or even the entirety of the universe as a whole. I have no doubt that there would be others who would be upset if I passed, but the effect of that is so limited that it is negligible. Life will go on without me. Humanity will survive without me. And the subset of humanity who would be affected by my death is so small that it would be a mere blip on the radar of history. It would be a speck on a speck on a speck on a speck of the timeline of human presence.

Whether you like it or not we are all expendable. We are all an infinitesimal part of this huge complex thing that is life. And no matter how many other people tell me that my life means something, that I can make a difference...I don't believe it. Any difference that I could possibly make is so small and so redundant that there's no way it could possibly matter. If I dropped off the face of the earth tomorrow within 50 years there wouldn't be anyone left alive who would even care, and anything that I could've accomplished would have already been filled by someone else.

So what the fuck is the point?   "
"naturally, a throwaway
I'm a gay 17 year old High School Senior and I can't function. I can't keep my grades up, and I haven't since middle school. It's a wonder I'm going to even graduate. I don't suppose the problem is that I'm stupid or lazy, I've just never cared. My entire life has been soaked in apathy regret and depression. There is no love, no passion, no drive for anything or anyone. my parents can't afford counseling anymore and I'm already up to 80 mg of Prozac a day. I just want the pain to stop. I want to stop lying to myself and to my friends and family.... I can't keep up this shell of myself. I can't go on... I just want to sleep. "
"Back in May the liaison officer at school was worried that I was suicidal because of some postings that I'd made online. He took me to the ER and I ended up in a psych ward. Long story short, I was put on anti-depressants. I took them for maybe a week or two, but then stopped because of chest pain. My doctor prescribed me something different, but I was hesitant to take them. I didn't like taking medicine to ""feel normal"" it made me more depressed in a way because it was like saying ""you're not as good as everyone else"". So I stopped taking them for good, probably less than a month after I was in the hospital. I decided that I had to get away from my parents, who are extremely overbearing, and looked into BDSM sites online. This August I packed my bags and left. In retrospect, this is probably the dumbest ting that I've ever done, but like it here so much that I don't want to go back at all. The reason that I really feel like killing myself now, though, is because the guy I moved out here to be with isn't interested in me anymore and is kicking me out in 3 days. I am trying to find a new place to live, but I am also considering just ending my life now.

This is a little jumbled and confusing to read, but it's the only way I can think of to say it, just bear with me...

One of the main reasons that I am depressed, I think, is because I am gay and it's always made me feel inferior. I don't care what people say, it makes me feel like I'm a plague on humanity. I was raised Christian and I do believe in God, and so far that is about the only thing that has stopped me from killing myself. I am WAY too afraid to go to hell forever. "
"I'm tired (its 2 am where I'm from) so apologize if this doesn't make complete sense, but its on my mind and felt like posting it now. I posted this in AskReddit and got some decent advice, but none of it worked and wanted to turn to Suicide Watch for some help.

Some back story. I've been friends with this person for about 10 years now. He was always a little bit on the shy side, but a very chill person to hang out with. Around 4 or 5 years ago he became a big partier. Mostly alcohol, but dabbled with harder drugs here and there. 2 years ago he was dumped by his ex-girlfriend of 2 years who he was convinced that he was going to marry. He became depressed, started taking drugs and alcohol daily, and developed an addiction. No psychologist / psychiatrist was able to help him (along with any rehab center) and the pills that they prescribed him only gave him more things to become addicted to.

In a 2 month span, he attempted suicide 3 times. All through the use of pills. He kept blaming his girlfriend for all of his troubles and said once he met a new girl and got over her he'd be better. During that time, he started using coke / crack regularly. I've tried to be there for him since then. I'll hang out with him whenever I can and do something sober (see a show, play pool, etc.).  He showed some progress and he even said that he's over his ex and that he doesn't want to kill himself anymore.

Fast forward to a month ago (which was 4 months after his previous suicide attempt) and he attempted suicide again.  He said he had a ""bad day"", smoked some crack, drank, stole his mom's pills (Klonopin) and took 20 of them and almost died.  Weird thing is..he's over his ex and has a new girlfriend and he doesn't even know why he still has the desire to end his life. I talked to him again about it and he said that he was diagnosed with being bipolar and the medication he was one was making him feel better. I finally thought we got to the bottom of it until..

Last night he got blacked out drunk and fell down the stairs and broke his neck. It wasn't a suicide attempt, but he doesn't drink or do drugs unless he's depressed because he knows it leads to bad things.  I don't know what to do anymore. I've tried everything (minus me spending 24/7 with him which I'm not going to do).

Who has had a friend or family member with multiple addictions, suffering from depression, and has attempted suicide a few times and have actually seen them pull through. How did it happen?  I might be heading to sleep soon, but I appreciate the help in advance.

**tl;dr** : My best friend is addicted to drugs and alcohol and has attempted suicide multiple times. I'm convinced he will eventually succeed in completing the deed and not sure what to do."
"I read a thread a few minutes ago that started off by saying that OP was not an immediate risk, and I like that kind of straightforwardness so I will do my best to do the same. We'll put it this way: I really doubt that I'm an immediate risk, and I'm feeling much less intense about it now that I've written everything out.

Second thing I liked about that post: the commentors gave him advice based on his concerns, rather than trying to tell him that he's wrong for having them. I understand that everyone's entitled to their opinion and I should be happy that you want to help, but if the first thing I see when I 'e-meet' you is you invalidating my feelings and priorities, well, we're not accomplishing anything.

So: after a long day talking about my future with professors, and having a good time with my coworkers, I came home with no ambition to work and no outlet to do anything that I really wanted to do. When this happens, I tend to ruminate. Nothing really new. The problem was that today, not only did my thoughts go to suicide, but they went to them in a very real and immediate way.

On the rare occasions that I think this way, I usually think in terms of, say, composing my self and in daylight hours (when I'm very rarely depressed), go and buy myself a gun, and then when I'm really down I will be able to end it. The 'problem', if you will, with this plan is that if I'm composed, organized, and generally together, the last thing I want to do is go spend money on something that will help me make major, irreversible decisions later. So it's a case of very empty suicidal ideation, I guess.

The real problem (not quotes) today, is that I went instead to my other thought, of getting in my car, driving to a tall bridge, and getting this shit done here and now. My usual response to this is to drink myself to sleep, which I'm generally not okay with but if I'm drunk then I can't drive, right? It sounds weird but it gets it done for me.

The real, real problem today is that I am very sober, and I have a cold so I probably couldn't make my self go the alcoholic route if I tried. So this thought creeps in, "" *what if we weren't just playing here, what if I did it tonight,* "" and this just kept going for a while, "" *what if you really did it . . . what if you did. . . what if you did. . . what if . . .* ""

So the real, real, real problem is that I took it a step farther. I looked up the tallest bridge in my region. I think it'd be tall enough, so long as I don't do anything silly like pull my legs and arms in straight to minimize impact. (This is apparently how people survive a jump off of the Golden Gate Bridge. It changes things from death to a couple of cuts and bruises.) I can get there in just a few hours. If I left in 2-3 hours, I could do the whole melodramatic thing that, statistically speaking, most people do when they jump off the Golden Gate, which is to do it at sunrise, facing the east. I always thought that was shitty, but tonight I'm thinking that maybe rather than ""seeing one last beautiful thing before they die,"" as the journalist who wrote the article I'm getting this data from put it, maybe they were hoping that something so beautiful could convince them not to go. Like if they were spiritual in any way saying, ""god, I'm giving you the best 10 minutes of your entire day, save me if you can.""

I guess today what I'm really feeling is an intense desire to finally choose between being happy, fulfilled, successful, and generally being the best I can be, or just getting it over with. I don't want to sit here plagued by random depressive/suicidal mood swings [not bipolar, btw] that affect my work and my friendships, or my absolute emotional inability to have an meaningful relationship with a member of my preferred sex, etc. One or the other. And well, I don't know how to do the obvious one, so jumping off a bridge, or getting a doctor to prescribe me sleep aids after buying some good whiskey and finding out what they can do, or putting a gun in my mouth seem like more likely scenarios, as garish and awful they would be to my friends and family.

That's another thing that has me worried: I increasingly don't care about the feelings of other people. That's weird for me because I would classify myself as pretty sensitive and a decent listener. Increasingly though, I just see insecurities as weakness. I feel like I'm turning into a bit of a psychopath. Do whatever I need, don't get caught, and fuck everyone else's pathetic little feelings. I would rather be happy and well-adjusted than to be this way, and I doubt that there's anything inherently wrong with my brain to prevent it, but again, it seems like I'm driven to make a choice at this point, and I don't know how to accomplish the obvious one.

So what do you think? I doubt I'm jumping off a bridge this morning, but that doesn't mean I won't eventually, or that I shouldn't, in my own biased opinion. (I should also note that while I don't want to waste your time, there's a decent chance then when I wake up tomorrow I won't be interested in your responses. Don't be offended, or worried I guess, if I don't answer you.)

TL;DR: feel compelled to choose between real life and real death, rather than this perpetual on-the-fence bs, and I don't know how to be the former, so . . ."
"Hi. If you're on your way out the door, or to bed, or have some fun activity planned, this thread isn't urgent. I'm not feeling particularly suicidal right now, so please feel free to move on (even to other threads).

I've been feeling, I guess, really apathetic. I've had long periods of complete emotional coldness toward even simple joys on and off for a long time, but this last year I've been really focusing on working with a positive, happy, can-do attitude. It was really self-perpetuating at first - I got my undergrad degree in June, landed a fairly prestigious job in July, and my employer likes me well enough that they're paying for me to attend a post-grad professional school program starting in January. I love what I'm doing and my employer (a large multinational) is doing amazing things in general for me. I could not have imagined a better way it could have turned out, especially when a lot of people are not so fortunate.

And I am fortunate, really fortunate, which is what makes this all seem so stupid. But as a person, outside of my career, what little I have is falling the fuck apart.

First year doing my undergrad, I lived away in a different part of the country and quickly became immensely popular (I was part of the nerd crew in highschool, so it was quite the change, but I thrived on it). I lost touch with highschool friends because they were doing different things with their lives and I started having difficulty juggling new social obligations as it was. Fourth year, I started becoming really serious with wanting to start a career and with the help of a family friend, got an internship at a small investment bank. My new friends got upset that I didn't have time for them and by the time I graduated, I didn't have any left. I haven't had an irl social interaction since some time (I don't even remember when) in 2009.

I lied, kind of. I do have my family, who I cherish and love with everything I am. Except, they're fighting over pointless bullshit and focused on escalating their fights more and more. I've offered to pay whatever I can to get them proper therapy, but they refuse. I mean, from some people, it's easy to say ""Well, you did your best, it's really up to them,"" but if I lose them, I really have nothing.

As much as I love my career, it's not a life. The only thing I really have is my family, and they're tearing each other apart. I keep playing the inevitable in my head, and I just completely have no interest in continuing. I've tried a range of hobbies (taking up a couple sports, learning about music, reading, writing, going to a bar) and the only thing that's really stuck is reading/writing philosophy. I took about 15 tylenol 1's with codeine, curious to see if it would be cause for an overdose. It just made me stoned for a couple days. The next time, I tried the same thing, but with liquor - same basic effect. Except now I think I'm addicted to the euphoric feeling from the codeine.

Fuck I'm a mess. I just want to chat with people. I don't even care about what. Just if somebody's out there and wants to chat, I'd really appreciate it. I just feel so isolated and pointless.

Thanks."
"You can read about my past in my other post on this throwaway. I thought things were looking up, I felt better, but now I feel as bad as ever.

I ffeel the same guilt and self-loathing as I used to.

I tried to take the SAT today. It went poorly. I had to quit before finishing the first test. I wasted $82 to get in. My mom had to drive me an hour and a half to get here. I'm such a waste.

I sat down to take the test. I'm so incompetent that I was a stand-in (I didn't register beforehand and got in because they had extra seats). I sat down with the Math 2 test and realized, ""I don't know any of this. I don't know what to do and my calculator won't work."" I panicked. I quit the test and moved on to the Chemistry subject. I was just as useless there, too, and gave up when I realized that without taking both, I was screwed out of early action anyway.

I had to sit in that room, silent, with four students I didn't know and a guidance counselor I'll probably never see again, thinking about it for 45 minutes. I couldn't move. I wanted to cry, or talk, or get on Reddit or something, but I was afraid I'd be barred from future SAT attempts if I did. 

When I was allowed to leave, the lady, she was really nice and all, said, ""Don't worry, God has a plan for your life."" I sat silently for a split second, when she said, ""You... Y-you do believe in God, don't you...?"" I just nodded and mustered a broken smile. I haven't believed in God for years, I just wanted to get out of there without being shat on.

I filled out a form saying not to score these or send them to anyone. It was like a failure contract. Official certification of the fact that I'm a stupid, worthless waste. After that, she said to have a safe drive home. I just walked away, broken calculator and two No. 2 pencils in hand.

&gt; I'm in the parking lot of the testing center waiting for my mom to pick me up and make me ffeel even worse. I'm typing it on my phone. I might add more later. I'm thinking of just walking off or onto the highway.

I sat on a bench by the parking lot for about 20 minutes before my mom arrived. When I got in the car, she chewed me out about how I never listen, I'm paying the price, I'm going to end up ruining my life. I kept saying I didn't want to talk about it, just leave me alone, but I was always met with, ""Well I *do* want to talk about it!"" I just put on my headphones and started listening to Wobble Factor. I wanted something without words. 

The only reason I attempted the SAT was to try to apply to MIT. After this, I just said I'm not going to apply. Forget it. I don't want to anymore. My mom says I'm going to take it in November, because she won't let me give up on my dream of MIT. I don't know whether it's a dream or a nightmare anymore.

When we finally got home, I went to bed. I woke up at 5:45 for this disaster and needed sleep. I woke up about seven hours later and here I am, miserable. 

I feel like, as usual, I'm just a waste of resources. I'll never amount to anything. I'll end up cold and alone, poor, living somewhere I hate. I'm sure of it. I feel so completely discouraged about everything. This is supposedly the best time of my life, and apparently I'm just wasting it. I don't know anymore. Every day feels like I'm just killing time. Even when I feel great, it's just a mask. I have no confidence in myself or anything else anymore. I feel completely disillusioned.

EDIT: More detail."
"About a week ago I was planning to kill myself. I was stopped by my school counselor and for the first time in my life I told someone about how I was feeling. I went to the hospital and my therapists to talk about it. I was put on a new medicine and felt happy for a few days. I have not felt depressed but since the incident I have still been thinking the same suicidal thoughts just as frequently. I feel like I have been pretending to be happy. I know that I am just ignoring all my problems but the longer I ignore them, the worse they get. I just don't know what to do anymore. Is it normal to feel this way?"
"I know the rule is that suicide is never the answer but I think I'm the exception
I'm manic depressive and according to my husband I make everyones life hell, I have young children who are exceptional but being home with them I don't think I'm doing a good enough job for them, we have very little money but I have $100,000 in life insurance. 
My husband does [this](http://i.imgur.com/wiU4f.jpg) to me about a few times a year when he really gets sick of me. I know that seeing this even only a few times a year is so bad for my children but I dropped out of high school and have no skill and/or work history so I wouldn't be able to support them. I've gone to my mom for help an she sides with my husband, my father used to do the same thing to me so we all know it's me. 
I think it would benefit everyone in my life if I just jumped off a bridge, my kids would get a bug chunk of money and their dad wouldn't have to work so much to try to pay the bills and everyone could live a happy uninterrupted life without me. "
"I'm feeling like hell, made por decisions recently which are just eating me up. I really need someone to talk to who isn't in my social circle because I'm getting closer to the end, so to speak"
"I think of killing myself on a daily basis.
I feel worthless and have no idea why my friends want me around.
I rarely see any future for myself, and I am usually very pessimistic.

Most of the time in the past 6 months I just feel numb, nothing makes me happy but I don't feel quite sad either. Almost nothing makes me laugh, or smile. I have no motivation. I can't think of anything to do that seems appealing, so I just sit around my room when I'm not working. I don't watch TV, read, or play games. I quite literally sit around my room. When I do force myself to get out and do something, I end up losing interest and just wanting to go home. Everything I used to enjoy is pointless now. I feel I'm hopeless and just along for the ride. 

For as long as I can remember:
my thoughts race, I make poor choices and take legal risks, but I get a ton done if I can stay focused. Then for little reason I'll suddenly start to get depressed and want to die. Its always something small that shouldn't bother me. Occasionally my thoughts will race while I'm feeling down, I'll start thinking extremely negatively and I'll just start crying. I don't even know why I'm crying half the time.

I used to have anger issues. Now, I rarely get angry. I got jumped a while back. I didn't throw a single punch. I didn't run. I just stood there, and took the hit. Now I have a broken nose. When I do get angry though, I can't maintain control and have to take out my aggression on inanimate objects (a wall, a solid wood door, my cooler, or something else I wont break) to avoid hurting people, and I'll stay pissed off for hours. 

All my friends say I'm very submissive, and I need to be more assertive. I am beginning to see that, and why I'm almost always single.

I don't know what to do. I hate asking for help, but I see no point in continuing to live if I'm just going to be miserable every day.

I'll be 20 in a few days here. 

I'm sorry if some of this is in the wrong section. I posted it here because the most serious issue out of all of this is I think of ways to die every day. I hate asking for help, and figured if I'm going to bother I may as well mention everything.

Edit: all through school I was a social reject. I was beaten and sexually abused as a kid.

What should I do to get my head straight. I have no health insurance, and next to no money.

EDIT: ok you have convinced me I need help. The reason I came here was that I've heard from several of my friends they think I'm suffering clinically depression, or manic depression. It scared me enough to want some unbiased opinions. I think I already knew I needed help, but you guys have convinced me its not something that can wait till I get money. Thank you for all your advice.

I'll be getting help Monday. If things go south before then I'll get help immediately. I'm letting some close friends know so they can help make sure I go through with it.

UPDATE: actually went for help today (Monday)."
"I want to start by saying that I don't think I will hurt myself. I say this because I know I have felt worse in my life; it's just hard for me to say when the last time it was that I've felt this low.

I don't have an interesting life. I'm only 18. Up until I was 13, I had basically no friend. In 8th grade, I fell in love with my best friend at the time. She was perfect and I became infatuated with her, but I asked her out and she rejected me. I was heartbroken, and I became obsessed with the idea of her until the end of 9th grade. It was then that I met a girl with interest in me, but she spent the entire summer flip-flopping her stances on whether or not she liked me. Finally she decided on no; I was lost and confused and I turned to a friend who lives a few states away. We talked every day. Every day. We began dating long-distance in 10th grade, but it ended two months later. I rekindled things with the girl from the summer before and we became best friends, and I began to treat her just like I had the others. Eventually she turned out terrible, and I felt lost again, gaining the affection for another girl who coincidentally lived far away. We remained friends until after my senior year of high school (only months ago) when I found out that she didn't feel for me the way I felt about her.

Tonight, I realized something horrifying. The night that the most recent girl and I had parted ways, I began speaking to a different old friend. It is now four months later, and upon finding out that she doesn't care for me to the same level that I do her, I realized: I'm still running on the same steam that has fueled all of these failed relationships. All of these events. I'm shocked and horrified because every time that I've ever felt like I succeeded at getting away, it turned out that I had not. I just changed girls. And I thought it was over many times before, but it wasn't. I've just been changing her face and her name.

And basically, I feel worthless. I feel like my entire life is made of shit. My day was amazing until this realization, and I'm shocked that I feel so low. I practice self-awareness and constantly tell myself how beautiful life is. I basically have been able to keep myself from sinking so low because of these thoughts, but... I don't even know.

I don't know what I'm trying to accomplish with this post. I'm just desperate to feel better."
"I need to write all of this out, so excuse me if it might take a while. 

I'm stuck. I don't know what to do anymore. A few months ago, I was the happiest I'd ever been and now everything just seems kind of... pointless, and I think this is the problem. It's like everything has become dull. Nothing is exciting or fun anymore, I just feel like I do things for the sake of doing them rather than getting any sort of enjoyment from it. 

I just don't feel anything... at all.

 It might sound ridiculous, but you know that feeling that you get when you're a small kid and you know that it's going to be christmas? Or that you're gonna go to an amusement park? It's that physical sensation of excitement that sits somewhere between your lungs. This is gone. I go through everyday, I laugh from time to time, spend some time with some friends, I go to university, I watch movies. Overall my life is good. I have next to no health problems, no family problems, I have enough money to eat and have a beer every now and then. I say this, just to show that I don't have any actual real problems. I should be as happy as any 20 year old student should be. 

But yet, I'm not. Every morning there is a little voice that tells me to get out of bed, but that voice is getting quieter and quieter. I go to uni to study the subject I've always dreamed of, but the prospect of becoming a fully grown and functioning adult with a steady job doesn't excite me. It also doesn't excite me to learn and study, as it feels like that everything has kind of become bullshit in my eyes. 

There is one difference between now and when I was happy at the beginning of the year. I was in a relationship at the time. I fell in love with a man. We had a few beautiful months together, which I until now cherish as the best of my life. But due to different things (in which I don't want to get into), we had to break up. We insisted on staying friends, because both of us feel that the connection between us is so strong that we can't let it go, and that we love each other too much to go separate ways. So we still talk everyday, we do things together from time to time, and sometimes we'll lie on the couch together like we used to, like lovers. We've had a few slip ups in which we went a bit too far after we broke up, and I can't lie and say that I don't secretly hope that one of these slip ups will happen again every time we are together. It's pathetic I know. He is the only thing that makes me feel happy at the moment, and the times where we're together makes me amazingly happy. But then when it's time to go home, and I lie alone in my bed without him I cry. 

So this is where I might've done something a bit stupid. I've smoked pot for a few years, but recreationally. It was a nice thing to do while watching a movie, or while hanging out in nature or something. After we broke up, I started using weed to go to sleep, because I needed something that would make the thoughts stop. I'd basically light up whenever I felt like he was coming into my thought again. Over the last weeks I hit a limit. I smoked 2 grams or so a day, and was so used to it that I barely even felt anything from it. I realized that I fucked up with this last week, and promised myself I'd stop... only to be hitting the bong at a party this friday. It's hard not to smoke when practically everybody around you smokes, and you already have the label of being the local pot-head. 

I'm just so sick of this. But this is the ultimate problem boils down to this:

When people tell me: If you're so unhappy with everything, then change things and do things that make you happy. But I don't know what makes me happy. If I had a magic lamp with three wishes, I don't know what I'd wish for. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. I wouldn't want to own anything. I wouldn't want to be a different person. I don't want anything anymore... well, besides him. Being with the man I love would be my only wish.

So, what do you think? What fucked me up more? The break up? The fact that I still see him? The drugs? Or is it just because I suck as a person and can't get my act together? Am I permanently damaged? Beyond repair?

I'm male, by the way. 

I'm going out for a few hours now, so I won't be able to respond. 

Thank you if you read any of this. I really appreciate it. "
"Hello/hi. I feel like shit and I've decided to share my story. At first I need to say I don't wanna give too much personal info in case someone I know came across this.

 I'm in my early 20s. I've been sort of a recluse for most of my life, clumsy, bullied at school etc. Most of my childhood and teens passed by as I was playing video games or killing time in some other way. A couple of years ago I decided to change it and live a ""normal"" life which ended up in a failure. Not so long ago I discovered that there are several things wrong with my body. After an extensive google research I've found out that I have numerous birth defects (usually associated with some syndrome - that's not the case). Most of them aren't _really_ serious; if you saw me on a street you probably wouldn't notice anything. However, one of them hampers my ability to practice sports (what may explain my clumsiness) and the other one my sexual life (that is, if there was one). Also, one of them seems very rare, since I couldn't find anything like that on the internets. And the whole combo is just mind-blowing for me. I've sought medical help, but it seems the only thing that could help explain my issue would be some form of extensive genetic testing. I know that there are people with full-blown syndromes who have it worse than me, but still it feels bad and strange... And as a consequence I feel very odd, it's difficult to explain, as if I wasn't really a human. (And no, I'm no hypochondriac). 

Apart from my physique, I'm pretty detached from people on the social plane. I must admit I'm quite bright and sensitive (artsy?) and find no interest in popular culture. I can think of one person I feel comfortable talking with but she doesn't seem to give much shit about me/I expect too much.

I don't want to die, but life is just a burden for me, I can't recall a moment when I was happy. If there isn't any sort of compulsion to do something I could lie in bed the whole day long. The only thing that keeps me alive is probably music. I'm a bit into literature but the stories are about normal healthy people (or with some well-described diseases, however strange may it sound), and I can't identify with that. Also, I'm an atheist but even if it turned out god exists I would consider him an asshole for making his children's lives so shitty.

Also I get restless easily and can't really relax (something is always bothering me). I'm seeing a psychologist who seems to know his job (and I have past experience with mental care people) but it doesn't seem to fix my life (and the world as a whole).

I would like to say that I feel better after spitting it out, unfortunately I don't. Anyways, it's nice if you didnt tl;dr this.
"
"After several long talks with my therapist, I've realized the trouble did not begin with the death of my parents. It began somewhere in childhood. I was always a lonely child. ""Does not work or play well with others"" appeared everywhere on my straight-A report cards. So much that I came to believe the one caused the other. By High School I had amassed a decent circle of friends to go with my below 2.0 gpa. 

But even that didn't last.

The last time I was happy was 16 years ago. I was a performer back then, and a writer. I had enough going for me that women actually enjoyed my company. I had people who made sure I knew where and when the parties were and wanted to see me there. It was nice. 

Then I left high school. Some friends went to ivy league colleges, some to the local cc. My family, having gone bankrupt after putting my brother through school, had no money to send me. I maxed out my only credit card paying for a semester of tuition and books, and tried ""working my way through college."" I've been in debt ever since. 

In 2001, my mother was diagnosed with cancer. I moved back in with my folks to help her and my diabetic father, who had started going blind. I wasn't exactly a happy person during this time, but I suppose that's understandable. All my high school friends, save one, retreated from my life. One even took with him a girl I was interested in. When my mother died in 2003, I had no one and nothing going for me. No education, no career, no girlfriend, no life. 

I turned to computers, which I've always been good at. I worked for three years as a tech support agent. I made good money and was great at my job. Childhood repeated-- I was punished because my boss didn't like me, didn't like my success. I was fired.

I tried to return to performing-- where I'd once been happy. I started a theatre company with a friend. We put on some terrible shows, and some good ones. I decided to join the ensemble of one of our shows. Suddenly, the director made me an understudy. Childhood repeated-- the lead I studied under turned the whole show against me. I couldnt take it any more. I quit the show. That actor went on to destroy, entirely, the company I and my friend had built. 

I went on to other jobs. Same story. Every time I did well, someone started attacking me. I would be ostracized, fired, forced to resign. 

Last year, my father died. 

With nothing keeping me anywhere, I literally ran away with the circus. I've been on again off again suicidal my entire time here. The higher ups compliment my work and ethic, so my boss has started to hate me and gives me jobs that isolate me from where I can demonstrate promotable skills. Childhood repeats. 

I recently found out that I'm going to be a father. So my life continues to race forward, completely out of my control. My therapist asks me if I can tell her what would make me happy. 

No. I can't. I feel like it's been beaten out of me. I realize that, for several years I've been trying to make my life and my successes so small that no one would begrudge me them. I'm sick of living this life where every pat on the back is followed by a punch in the gut. I'm sick of fighting like a junkyard dog for the merest scrap of accomplishment. 

And now I'm responsible for raising someone who's going to look to me for how to love, be loved, and find happiness. 

And I don't know what happiness is anymore. 

Does anyone know how you find it?"
"So, this is going to sound really stupid.  I have had issues lately (depression, etc.).

But, recently, I did something silly on reddit.  I made a post and then deleted my name from it on accident.  I tried to get my name added back onto it, but couldn't.  I've contacted reddit mods for the thread, etc. but got zero help.

After doing all that, I basically actually considered taking a bunch of pills.  I'm not joking.  This probably sounds really stupid to people, or think that I'm trolling, but I'm not.  

I just really would like my name added back onto the thread I made so that at least one thing could go right in my life.  Could someone help?

You can PM me to.  I'll respond."
"I have been depressed for longer than I can remember.  Overall, during the day it can be enough to distract me but when night hits... god.. its unbelievable.  I think I am getting worse and worse.  This year started off normally like any other one but as it progresses I swear to god it feels like death is inevitable. 

My mind doesn't ever want to stop telling me of everything that's wrong with me.  The voice in my head does make a hell of a valid point though: what does even make me worth it?  What am I contributing? I am slowly losing all my friends because I can't handle it anymore, so not that.  I am just slowly moving through college with a 3.0 GPA barely, so it's surely not my academics.  My family is really the only reason I am alive, but I wish they hated me so I could just end it.

I'm pushing the one girl that cares about me out of my life, I don't really know why.  And any other girls I meet are interested in me for a few months and get bored and move on to someone else.  No one knows who I really am inside.  I am positive no one knows I feel like this, and that all I really feel now is numbness. Yet, I can't reach out for help from anyone.  I can never put myself out like that.. there is something left in me that doesn't want to scare or hurt the people I love.

I pray that one of these days I will just be walking to class and get hit by a bus.  I am too cowardly to end it on my own.. I could never do that to my family.  Please anyone out there.. just kill me."
"I have always banged my head against a wall or table as a stress-reliever/relaxant.  It has never really caused me any problems until recently.  My nervous energy is growing and growing, and I had a total anxiety attack about a week ago after a particular event which served as ""the straw that broke the camel's back"".  As my main source of releasing this anxiety, I began slamming my head into the wall/floor and beating it with my hands.  The next morning, I awoke somewhat loopy.  I recognized that my anxiety didn't have near the hold on me that day as it did in the past.  I enjoyed freedom from anxiety briefly.  I started to come to later in the day, and as the anxiety returned, I did more extensive assault to my head.

The following morning, everything was slow for me.  I was thinking slowly, I was slurring my speech (unless I focused on keeping it clear), everything was hazy, and my anxiety was gone.  I nearly got into a wreck leaving my apartment (other driver's fault), and while in the past, a close call like that would leave me on edge for hours, I merely thought ""it's a good thing we didn't collide"" and moved on.  My heart never raced.  A lot of my symptoms seemed like classic concussion symptoms, so I didn't really worry about them (I did post in askreddit about if seeing a doctor was necessary.  Concensus was yes, but I didn't).

I have nearly fully physically recovered from last week's assault, but along with that recovery comes the recovery of my anxiety.  In fact, the anxiety is worse because I know what it's like to be free from anxiety (imagine being blind for your life, getting sight for one day, and then losing it.  The blindness afterwords would be so much worse).  As someone who has been on edge and filled with anxious energy for my entire life, that world with no anxiety is hard to say no to.

I have managed to stop myself from headbanging for the last few days while trying to recover from the other physical side-effects of my self-assault, but every night is more difficult than the last as I just crave relief.  I am consumed day and night with the desire to re-injure my head to re-enter the anxiety free world.

I know the damage will take longer to recover (if it recovers) if I continue to injure my head, and I know I risk giving myself permanent brain damage, frequent headaches, frequent dizziness, or even killing myself if I try it again.  However, I don't know if I can even make it through the night tonight.  The anxiety is so strong, and the temptation to end it is stronger.

This may not be the right place to post this, as I'm not exactly suicidal, but these urges I can't fight could lead to me accidentally killing myself while seeking relief, so I thought this might be an appropriate place.

I simply need advice, help, or anything that can help me fight this desire to damage my head to get relief from my anxiety.

Some additional information that may be relevant to anyone wishing to help:

- I have been seeing a school therapist for depression and anxiety for several months, but we just changed our meetings from weekly to monthly a couple of weeks ago (due to limited resources), so I can't talk to him about this recent issue until the end of October.
- I am doing weekly group counseling for graduate students, but I don't know if I can bring myself to admit this problem to them, and our is still a couple of days away, which may be a couple of days too late.
- I am on antidepressants.
- I have strongly considered beginning cutting as a less dangerous method of releasing my stress.

Thank you to anyone who offers me help."
"I get this uncontrollable urge to cry, and then I start thinking about suicide...and then I drink myself to sleep.  I'm drinking right now.

:/

UPDATE: Can barely keep my eyes open - gone to bed. "
"Everything seems pointless to me, no matter how hard I try to stay optimistic, the pessimist side of me completely demolishes all feelings of joy.  Everyday I sink farther into a sea of blue, I feel like im a waste of air, a mistake. I cant remember the last time I laughed or smiled. I just want it all to go away...  "
"I don't know why I feel like this. First off, I should mention that I don't feel suicidal. I just feel like I can talk to you guys about this. 

I'm an 18 year old male, currently a college Freshman. My life has always been easy. I grew up with a great family. My mom and dad are supportive of me no matter what I do. I love both of my brothers and I know that they care for me. I have so many friends and I know they love me despite what I think. 

I grew up with the road paved for success. Anything I needed for school, for happiness, for fun, my parents provided. Books, toys, rides to friends's houses, anything. I did great every year in school but have always had a problem with procrastination. Well, not really a problem. I procrastinated as much as everyone else did. School subjects always came very easy to me. I could ace a test without doing any studying. 

Well, here is where things get messy. The first thing to happen to me which I think kicked me into depression was the death of one of my closest and best friends. His name was Chad. I met my best friend Travis, Chad's younger brother, when I was in second grade. Me and Travis became great friends and we kept a strong and close friendship until the end of high school. Since I was so close to Travis, I was also close to Chad. We had been friends for 10 years. I used to hang out with these guys every day. We used to do everything together. Then once we got into high school, they both got a job at a place I worked at and we became even closer.

Me and Chad used to smoke weed occasionally. He was the first person to get me to try it. So one day last year, he was working an 11 to4 shift, so I decided to come in a bit early for my shift to talk to him about getting me some weed and just saying hi. I talked to him for like 15 minutes and gave him 10 dollars. He punched out, I punched in. 

This part is ingrained in my memory and every time I think of it, I start to cry. He put his hand on my shoulder and looked at me and said ""I'll be back in like three hours."" He smiled and left. That was the last time I ever saw him. 

Later that day, I called him asking what he was up to, just a little check-in call. Fast forward a few hours and me and a mutual close friend were working when someone came downstairs from a wedding (we serve the food). He looked at his phone and then to us and said ""Guys, I just got a text saying Chad got into a car accident and is dead.""

I looked at my friend as the initial anxiety of the situation kicked in. I thought it was a cruel joke so I called Travis. He was on vacation with a friend but I knew he would know if it had happened. I called and my voice shook as I asked ""What happened to Chad?"" I could tell he was crying and he just told me ""Call my parents."" I hung up and everyone in the kitchen wanted to know if it was true. I nodded and started walking to the basement with the mutual friend. 

At this point, waves of emotion were flowing over me. Sadness, anxiety, anger, nervousness, horror, everything bad washed over me. I made it down about 7 steps before I burst into tears. I was sobbing fully and my friend was trying to console me but I knew he was about to break. We made it to the basement and I called my mom. I asked what happened to Chad and she just said (through tears) ""Dad is coming to pick you up."" I knew it was true. 

The rest of the week is just a big blur. I was a pallbearer at my bet friend's funeral. I had to watch my second family crumble beneath the weight of a lost son and brother. I had to watch my family get crushed by the weight of the loss of a close family friend. 

Throughout all of this (it happened on Sept. 4th, 2009), I held in all of my emotions after the first week. Occasionally I would visit his grave and sob like I did the day I found out he died. This still happens fairly frequently too. 

The only redeeming thing to happen to me during this period was meeting the two people whom I call my best friends. They are very different in the way they help me. One is much more activity oriented. We would play video games or discuss philosophy and religion. We would talk about anything we felt like. Our friendship grew throughout high school. I always hid my depression from this friend. He never knew about it until recently when he shipped out to basic training. I told him in a letter. 

My other friend helps me in a completely different way. She's always there to talk to when I'm having a hard time (which is daily). I can talk about how fucked up I think I am, I can talk about how I think my friends all hate me, I can talk about Chad and she still listens and it helps so much. I feel like she gives me too much for what I return, help-wise. 

These two people have been my only saving grace. If it weren't for them, my summer preceding college would have just been me sitting in my room crying. They really made the summer fun. I love both of them more than they know. Of course, one left for the military and I left for college so our fun ended and so did the almost-happy feelings I had. 

Now I declared Physics as my major in college. After the first month I realized that I could not keep up with this field and dropped my class. I went into a lower Physics class. I came in late, so not only do I not understand the material, I'm also behind in homework. This isn't helping me get back to where I want to be. 

I don't know what I want to major in. I thought Physics would be okay but it's not. I thought Engineering would be good but I can't do Physics. I absolutely love math but my parents heckle me about constantly thinking of changing my major. They ask what I'll do with a math major. 

To add on to me thinking I'm going to fail out of college, my parents think I'm doing great. I'm the oldest so I've moved out and they assume this automatically means I'm okay. My mom constantly tells me how my brother looks up to me as a role model. He doesn't know I cry myself to sleep some nights, smoke weed on the weekends, and fail my exams. 

Winding down, I'll summarize everything I feel. I feel hopeless and useless and worthless. I think my friends hate me or talk to me out of pity. This includes even the people closest to me. I feel like the old me is gone. I feel like I have to act like myself instead of just be myself. I have to make a conscious effort to look not upset. I haven't been in an actual relationship in my life and I'm convinced I'm going to die lonely alone with no one there for me. I just wish things were the way they were before. I want to be happy. 

How can someone brought up in such a conducive environment be such a failure? Why can't I ever do anything right? 

tl;dr Why do only good-looking people get depressed?"
"A friend of mine that lives in Palm Springs Florida was recently charged with a crime (he never been involved with the law before) and told me that he thinks of killing himself every day.  He has no money or health insurance and never saw a therapist of any sort before (and was suicidal in the past).

Are there resources available for people that are suicidal to see, or is this limited to suicide prevention phone lines? I am trying to come up with a resource I can direct him to. 

Thanks."
"That if you tell people you know that you are feeling suicidal and they shame you and try to guilt you into living and make you feel worse, but then someone kills themselves and everyone says ""why didn't they ever say something?"""
"I am really not doing well right now. I have never tried suicide, nor do I think I ever would, however, over the past few years, I have grown more and more depressed. I don't know what else to say aside from the fact that sometimes it gets really really bad and I have breakdowns. For the past 5 years, I have grown increasingly unhappy. I am in school (late college) and every year I tell myself that the next year will get better, but at this point it never does. Things have really not gone well at all. My mom has had severe issues in the past year and I thought that it would get better, but is hasn't. I cannot express how terrible I have been. I am a regular redditor (around 3 years now) and have been to SuicideWatch to help, but over the course, my condition has only gotten worse. I don't want to talk with anybody close to me because it really wouldn't do anything. I can't do that. That is why I am on reddit now. Please. 

**EDIT**: When I say I hate everything, I don't mean in the angsty teen way, but in the sense that I have become so apathetic to it all. I used to be happy."
"Sorry about the length.

A little back story. I spent 3 years working as a nursing assistant where I worked nights, drove my GPA into the ground and spent most of my time binge drinking. One day I tried to drink myself to death by drinking three bottles of vodka. I don't remember much about that night. I blindly texted a few friends but I was told it was incomprehensible. I woke up to a trashed apartment. I gave my landlord my 30 day notice, submitted a request to be switched to evening shifts at my job, told my psychatrist what I did who promptly increased the dosage of a mood stabilzer he was giving me (for a mild case of type two bipolar he had diagnosed me with) and recommended a cognative therapist who specializes in alcohol abuse. I started seeing him reguarly and I thought I was doing good. I started hitting the gym and I ate healthier.

I made a miscalculation though. I thought that switching to evening shifts would make me less moody. Instead I was overwhelmed by the number of coworkers, supervisors, and politics I had to deal with. I got into nasty fights with my long distance girlfriend who had stuck with me through all this. We broke up twice in a three month period due to my insecurities and lack of trust. I'm afraid to tell her anything now because I'm afraid I'll lose the support I had when I was binge drinking.

I'm in the same rut I was before, I feel desperately alone and depressed. The therapy has made sense and has helped a little but its only been able to go so far in two months. Its hard to not beat yourself up when you've lived alone, isolated from about a dozen people for three years.

 I feel like all my hard work has been futile now. I stopped going to the gym, I only recently stopped heavily smoking pot to escape. (The constant introspection began to drive me mad.). I feel like nothing has changed. I'm still miserable and I'm still afraid to go back to school even though I want to become a therapist or a social worker. I haven't felt this terrible since I trashed my apartment. I'm worried if it gets worse I may take up drinking heavily again and try to drink myself to death.

tl;dr Was in a rut, tried to kill myself. Got help, and now I'm crawling back into my hole."
"It really helps sometimes. Be there for someone. Be the ear that listens in the world that seems so loud. Sometimes we just want to be noticed a little. To be acknowledge. I have yet to find one myself, but I try to be it for other people. I know when talking it out, it distracts me a little from the dark hole. Be that friend. For me. For someone else. Just think of others once in a while...

edit: those i comment to and try to help, please understand in no way im hostile or being mean (sometimes i feel the tone is hard to get across). i mean it will all my heart when i talk to you. i want to know the person thats sad. i want to help you get through today/tonight/this. We/You can do it. We all have the willpower if you try. Im here if you ever need to talk.."
"Over the past 5-6 years I've lost just about everything that mattered to me. My parents both died. I moved across the country with my husband and so I am no longer near any of my other family. I left my husband because he cheated on me multiple times and finally put his hands on me. Due to my depression, I have been destroying myself professionally. I have no money, no health insurance. Gonna lose my apartment soon because I can't make rent. And I don't have anyone to talk to about this.

I have been on meds for over a year now. Doesn't seem to really be working all that well.

I actually tried calling the suicide helpline tonight and the guy was completely useless. I would say something and all he would respond with was, ""Yeah?"" 

Okay, that's my story... 

EDIT: First of all, thanks to everyone who made thoughtful and helpful comments. I appreciate them very much.

Second, a big part of my problem is that I feel like I've dug myself into such a huge hole that I can't get out of it. Basically, my motivation is completely in the shitter. I see all of these great suggestions and advice, and I know a *normal* person would be like, ""Cool, I'll give that a shot!"" but all I can think is, ""Yah, sounds great, but I can't do it.""



EDIT: First of all, thanks to everyone who made thoughtful and helpful comments. I appreciate them very much.

Second, a big part of my problem is that I feel like I've dug myself into such a huge hole that I can't get out of it. Basically, my motivation is completely in the shitter. I see all of these great suggestions and advice, and I know a *normal* person would be like, ""Cool, I'll give that a shot!"" but all I can think is, ""Yah, sounds great, but I can't do it.""

I mean at this point I'm having a *good* day if I take a shower."
"So here's the thing. My EX was cheating on me with a former close friend, over the course of three months. Neither of them told me anything before I myself found out. A few days after we broke up, they get back together and are very happy together.

My best friend, who I have known for 5 years. Have decided to talk with my former best friend and wants to apologize for how he acted- which was he didn't do anything at all.

To add to all that, my grandfather died a month ago- He was the only real father figure I had.

I've lost the girl in my life, my best friend and, to an extend, my father.

I can't take this anymore.

*EDIT:I made a [tinychat](www.reddit.com) since people suggest talking with someone- I'm on right now.*

*EDIT2: So people turned out to be absolutely awesome in Tinychat- while my problems are still there. They have been tugged away for now, meaning I can reconcile and come out stronger then I'm ready for it. As a memento and a awesome screen cap- here is [the finish](http://i.imgur.com/AxK5A.png)."
"I feel like there's no reason for me to continue to exist right now. 

I haven't been able to read a book in weeks. I'm sleeping on a family friend's couch. I don't have a job or an apartment. I have one friend in this city. I don't think I want to move here, but it's the only real option I have. 

I just lived an entire consecutive month with no depression at all, without one single brief thought about how things would be better if I were dead, and now that it's all I can think about I don't remember how I dealt with it. 

I'm in a long-distance courtship with a friend I went to college with, and we both have feelings for each other, but even thinking about that just makes me feel worse. 

When I go to bars for liquor and human contact all I get out of it is men asking me for my number and a lighter wallet and a blistering hangover the next day. 

There isn't even any reason for this, there's just the despair. "
need to talk :(
"I have a cousin who was diagnosed with major depression and schizophrenia a 10 years ago. I never really knew about this till a couple years ago. I realize I've been watching him degenerate over these years as he dropped out of college, lost relationships, and can't hold a job.  I've seen him with those quirky facial ticks that he's gotten from his medications.


My extended family, and including me, don't have time for him. Many of my extended family have problems of their own in their alcoholism , etc. The family that isn't troubled seem to be burying their heads in the sand about it telling him to ""just think positive thoughts"" or ""pray to God"" or ""quit acting like that"".  


He's been going through different medications and his doctors say they can keep trying meds or do electro shock but he'll never get any better and he'll just keep deteriorating over the years.


I live back at home with my parents with little money while i'm going to grad school and i live 200 miles away. He's my best cousin and like a brother to me. I seem to be the only one that texts him back and calls him when he's hearing voices and his thoughts are scaring him and the family away. He says lately it's getting so bad now he doesn't want to live anymore and sees why my uncle committed suicide (uncle was a bad alcoholic &amp; severe depression &amp; lost job).


i don't know what i can do for him.  i'm afraid i won't have my cousin for much longer."
"I wasn't quite suicidal back in high school, but I had long-term depression. I never would have sought counseling myself--in fact, I didn't even have a concept of ""maybe I'm depressed""--but I was very lucky that my mom finally got me started.

I was also very lucky that my counselor was knowledgeable, kindhearted, and supportive. There are good and bad counselors out there, and I imagine it can take some time to find a good one.

It's been rough, but over years of therapy I'm okay now. Still have the occasional nervous breakdown, but I don't hate my life anymore. I learned a lot from counseling, and also felt a lot of love. It made an enormous difference in my life, and I'm posting this here because recommending counseling would be my universal response to all you guys' posts. (That was my counselor's advice to me when I asked him how I could help support a friend of mine, who was severely damaged and hurting too. He said that it was important for me to recommend her to also go into counseling. So here I thought it'd be good to share what he told me.)

It makes me really sad to think about all you guys who are hurting out there. I remember that my depression was alienating--other high school kids saw what a downtrodden loser I was and so they avoided me. I was too scared and self-despising to ever start a conversation with anyone, so whenever someone (rarely) came up and started talking with me in a friendly way, it really meant the world to me. It's really hard when people reject you just because you're in pain, the time when you need love and acceptance the most. Please know that there are people out there who care, though they can be awfully hard to find, but they're worth seeking out."
[removed]
"Let me preface this by saying don't worry; I am not in a suicidal state right now. However, it has tempted me in the past. These occasional thoughts haven't subsided with the therapy that accompanied my father's suicide. In fact, they've been constant to the point that I've desensitized to the occasional mental echo of, ""You deserve to die."" This desensitization also extends to life, putting me in the odd position of finding life not worth living and ending it not worth the trouble. For now I'm OK but that's mainly because I'd rather not harm my family and the few friends that I've remained connected with. Given a few more years, I doubt that inhibition will be there.

Also, I'm unsure if the above description is overly dramatic since the occasional ""You deserve to die"" carries so little weight when it comes to action. Reading this post over I can tell I sound dissociated, but I still can feel in the moment of day by day action and smile and laugh genuinely. It's just when I find myself in deep reflection that the above seems apparent. I'm unsure what to even ask for at this point, besides insights. Thanks."
"I ask for no sympathy, for no help, I am not here to get attention or help, only reason I am here is so I can get a few people to read this, maybe this will change the way you treat human beings, maybe that will stop a kid dying one day, maybe just maybe.

I am 16 years old, I live in the UK and I am done with everything, As tempting as it is, do not say I am too young to know what pain is, I have seen things in my life that have worn me down, I have been moved from country to country, city to city as a child. I am asian, and for that I hate the god i no longer believe in. 

Don't get me wrong, I take the best out of each situation, I was as strong as a rock but this rock has been crushed, I am not a idiot, in fact pretty smart, I have been a  programming for over 3 years, on a freelancing site completed hundreds of projects and have hundereds of positive feedbacks, made tens of thousands of dollars of legit money over the years working for big companies all over the world, I have implemented one of the biggest Insurance companies API , a pretty complex task, Of course none knew my real age. I tell you this so you do not take me for an idiot who faced some problems and is going to end it, I am not one. 

I just listened to a song and the lyrics said: 

""I feel like a arab among english man and a english man among arabs""

That is so true, While I am not arab I can very well relate to that, I cannot bring a child into this world who is the same colour as me and ruin his/her life. The truth is, I get it , being racist is so easy, it is fun! but what do you think I have done to deserve it? Do you think i choose to be this colour? Do you think I choose to be in this country while I do love it more than anything? Do you think just because I am brown, I am going to kill innocent people? I would die without question at any time just to save a child from pain. But I have been called a terrorist too many times to count, I know how the system works, I know exactly what a teacher gets for randomly shouting out ""Lazy fucking Arab"" at a student, Nothing. 

I am not perfect, I have fucked up many many times, which is the reason why I am done, my girlfriend just left me as well after two years and a half of being with her, every day. I loved her more than anything, My dad left my mum, me and my two little brother and sister few days ago as well, I thought about doing it this morning but I still had a few things to finish, so i read the site u guys recommended to other people and i thought ok i will wait a few hours, in this few hours I have tried to talk to anyone i know, i tried everybody in my contacts and nobody gives a shit, my best friend, a girl who I would die for anyday, she even texted back with a ""Busy today maybe next week"" .. I got no family, no one in this country, I live at the heart of racism, 99% white , highest BNP vote in the UK, I live in hate. But i do try, I think maybe if i keep being nice to them, maybe if i hold the door despite them being a mile away, maybe if i help the old man with the garden they will see everyone is not the same, but they never do. 

So reddit, next time you are going to just hate someone, think about it twice, for the love of god, think about it twice. 

I am off to the gym for one last time, I want to feel the iron beat me down, the iron is the only thing which is honest, people tried to pretend they care when my dad left, they tried to pretend their sorry when my girlfriend cheated on me in front of my own eyes as i cried, they tried to say sorry when i lost everyone i had , but the iron, the iron is honest! it beats me down the same everytime I go , if anything it feels heavier, it has no sympathy , it is always there, so for the last time, I will let it beat me down as squat to the floor. 

Sumitted through vpn, server will be rm -rf / 

EDIT: 

Thank you guys, i just got back and i was expecting this post to be buried, and downvoted, I so wish i knew you guys in real life, All i wanted today was to talk to someone, honestly I would have done the same, not just for them to listen, I would have listened as well, I tried everyone I know, every single number, and nobody, not a single person was willing, That really just took me under, made me feel like no one gives a shit, and these are the people who know me, people who i took a beating for, people who I have honestly helped and cared for all my life. For some reason, it makes me sick to my stomach thinking that no one, not a single person cared, I never hurt anyone, NEVER. 

I have promised my self to wait until midnight maybe i will calm down, maybe she will text back, I really don't know. 

"
"But because it would be messy. I'm posting from a throwaway account at my college.I'm a 23 year old semi overweight male. My life is just a culimation of mistakes after mistakes which i continue to make. While driving today I pulled over on the Driscol bridge, got out of my car briefly and considered jumping. The one and only thing from stopping me from doing it in a bloody, messy, attention grabbing way is that i know my mother couldn't handle it. I've tried therapy, I've tried medications, I've tried illcit drugs, I'm currently on 30mg of lexapro daily as well as 75mg of lamictal. I smoke pot daily, and the only time i feel normal is when I'm tripping on magic mushrooms, I have only felt truly happy during the two times in the past four months that i have tripped. I can never feel that way normally. I pop perscribed pills(ambien, xanax, opiates of all types) just to get through the day. My girlfriend of 4 years cheated on me for an entire year while i fed her and paid her rent while she aquired a masters degree, at which point she flew to alaska(from boston) to fuck this guy repeatedly. At this point i was forced to move out of my apartment to make way for her and her new boyfriend. Also, My grandmother died I was very close to her as a small child, but after she got ill(lung cancer) i couldn't  handle it and never visited her except in her final comatose days, I am an atheist, i do not beleive in magic, ghosts, or the supernatural, or god, for that matter and in this way I feel as if the energy I contain in my body would be better off as fertilizer.



TL;DR, Depressed, tried everything, thinking about just walking into the forest somewhere and starving to death. I would need to make sure my body was never found.

-D "
"I didn't know this reddit existed. I'm both glad and sad that it does. I just want to say my piece. It might help. It might not. But I have a few things to get off my chest that I wish I could have said to a couple of people I have known along the way. It’s a bit disjointed, and not exactly prize-winning literature - I’m not an author - but here goes.

Firstly, I've been through some dark periods, and live with some pretty difficult situations right now that I have come to terms with. So I'm not some happy, clappy Anthony Robbins type that is going to ram ""life is wonderful"" at you. Life often sucks, and the world is full of crappy people. Bummer! But there are two sides to every coin.

In my opinion, a decision to commit suicide usually isn't taken because your life is so bad right now, it happens because you can't see that the situation will ever improve – or is going to get worse! Something bad has already happened and you’re living with the consequences, or it is something that you fear will happen soon – maybe a secret that you have held inside for a long time, or something you have done that you need to confess to the world.

You believe that you will never feel happy and contented like other people. You feel different. Isolated. Nobody understands. Maybe you have tried to talk to someone, and they tell you ""It'll get better. Cheer up"". It makes you feel worse. It's like there is nothing else to do. Suicide seems almost sensible, a logical step given your situation. Sure, other people won’t understand your decision, but they don’t have all the facts. They can’t see the situation like you see it. If they were inside your life, they’d do it too. You’re right – and you’re wrong.

I'm not here to tell you that it ""is"" or that it ""isn't"" the right decision - it's your life. But you have to take a “time out” to think. Really think. Not worry. Not focus on one problem. But THINK - about your whole life and your whole existence. That is what is at stake here.

If you have a headache, however bad, however painful, you don't think about killing yourself - because you know it will go away. You don’t focus on the “now”, you focus on “later”. It is this hope, this faith in a headache-free future, that comforts you.

It is the opposite of this, a lack of hope, a lack of faith, and a clouded vision of the future, that leads to the most destructive personal decision a human being can take.

I'd just like to say to anyone that finds themselves in this position. Stop and think. You can't? Your mind is made up? . . . . So what do you have to lose by thinking for a while then? There’s no rush. After all, it's your life. You deserve to be listened to - even if the person listening is yourself! Before you finally turn out the lights, take a walk around the house! Consider this:

1) The world is full of people who tried and failed to commit suicide, and now lead happy lives. ""Bullshit"" you say? Wrong. It's true. They can look back at that black period, a period when they thought that life wasn't worth living, and see with hindsight how wrong they were. By definition, every person who has long-term survived a suicide attempt is a testimony to that fact that life can and usually does improve.

2) Often you can get so depressed and concerned over a single issue or set of issues, that your vision narrows, and your whole world becomes about “that”. You stop seeing all that is good about your life, and focus on what is wrong. There are no “possibilities” - just the problems of today. The same cycle of thought. Over and over again. It's like being stuck on a rollercoaster. 

You wake up in a morning, and for 20 seconds you feel normal - then you really wake up - you remember - and it's like someone has reached inside you and crushed your stomach in their fist. And the thoughts stay there all day - chewing away. Maybe in the back of your mind, but they’re there. Narrowing your vision. Robbing you of hope.

You don’t think that this applies to you? Well just think. Think about before these thoughts took over your life. Think about the way you used to live, the things you used to do that made you happy. Maybe it was sports, maybe it was going to the movies, playing video games, reading, bowling. Just think about something that USED to make you happy . . . . . . How long is it since you thought about those things? How long is it since you did them? When did you last plan to do them again? 

Don’t you see – this frame of mind you are in, these issues, have robbed you of your happiness, stolen it, and are stopping you from seeing or experiencing the good things in life. It’s a monster, and it’s not your friend – it is your enemy You need to fight it. You need to win. You CAN have the happiness back. Be angry if you like. Something is stealing your happiness – and you have to defeat it!

3) If you are feeling bad about yourself, or lonely, try to think about what is good about yourself. Not what other people say (or don’t say). What YOU think. Do you feel unappreciated? Why? What do you think other people SHOULD like about you. Maybe you are kind and generous and feel that nobody notices. Maybe you are faithful and honest and the kind of person people SHOULD appreciate – but they just don’t seem to. Well listen up – they probably do - but they never tell you. 

I've been to a funeral of someone who took their own life. Was it full of people saying that the person was nasty and boring? Full of people saying “OK – See ya”. No. It was a room full of people saying the nicest things about a wonderful person. People all wishing that they could turn back the clock and say those things to the guy in the casket a few weeks before. Help him.

Think about how many people in your life you like, love and appreciate. Have you told them? Probably not. Human beings are weird. We keep things inside that we should say, say things we shouldn’t (and don’t really mean), and then let our true feelings flood out when it’s too late. 

So think about someone you find special, and imagine how little you have actually SAID to that person about how special they are. There are people out there who think that YOU are that special - and they haven’t told you either. Maybe because some of them you haven’t even met yet!!


4) If you are feeling bad about an issue or a situation in your life, and can’t think about the consequences of living with the aftermath – let me assure you that it will never be as bad as you fear! Maybe you’re gay and need to come out. Maybe you are about to lose your home and your job. Maybe you’re in massive debt. Whatever it is, you CAN face up to it. Sure it will be awful at first (let’s not sugar coat this). There may be consequences. You might lose some things from your life. Possessions, friends, social status. But consider two things.

First – how much of a relief will it be when you can finally get everything out into the open. No secrets. Nothing hidden. No constant thoughts of “What will happen if . . .”. It’s done. Phew!

Secondly – everything material you lose can be replaced. Money. Possessions. They just come and go – and they are not the things that really make you happy. If you lose friends – they were not really friends anyway – and you’ll be surprised just how loyal friends can be. Plus – when you finally get your head sorted out, you can be YOU again. You can make new friends – friends that know you – good and bad.

4) My final thought is this. The world, whether you know it or not, is now your oyster! This is the hardest lump of schmaltzy bullshit to swallow. I know. But bear with me. 

Finding yourself on the floor, without hope, on the verge of suicide is a nasty place to be. But there is ONE positive. You have fallen pretty much as far as you can fall, and you have nothing to lose. The only way is up, and you can afford to take radical decisions. Yes – this is a life changing moment for you. A fork in the road. But it is a FORK with two paths. Right now you have been hanging around at the junction – probably for a long time, staring down the “death fork”, but shift your focus. There’s another path - a “birth fork”.

It’s time for a big decision, but why not choose birth? Start again. Drop that heavy bag of issues that is making your life hell, and plan how you want your new life to be. You have nothing more to lose and a huge amount to gain. I promise you happiness is out there for you.
"
"I feel lost and I don't know what to do, and I feel like I'm destined for unhappiness. I'm 23, a 2nd year PhD student at MIT (I'm not showing off, just
giving context), and I just don't see myself having the things I want in life. I'm working 12-14 hours/day every day of the week, and I'm getting results slowly and surely, but the project is relatively pointless. All I'm doing is making a toolkit in my lab for people to use later on, and I feel really misled by my adviser, because he keeps telling me how high impact it will be, but I just don't see it. Whenever I brought up the concern with him, he just keeps telling me how high impact it will be and I just don't trust him anymore. I feel like he's running a lab and sending people off on these wild goose chases that just never work out, and I really hate myself that I'm just noticing this now, even though the signs were definitely there. I feel even worse that I'm at this school, when I had other options that could have been significantly better options for personal and professional reasons. I'm just too young to be having these regrets, and every time I see a young successful person, I feel even worse about all of this, because I'm working so hard for almost nothing in return. I was always interested in starting a company with my research, and I told him this, but there's little to no commercial application for what I'm working on.

When I tell my mom about this, she tells me to just be patient and everything will work out and that I'll be fine, but I don't see it and I can't really say I believe her. I mean, I don't really see a light at the end of the tunnel. People assume that because I'm at MIT I'll be successful some day, but I just don't know anymore. I had the chance to explore and work on some cool problems, and instead I'm stuck working on a dead-end project for someone who's focused on his own interests and not really his students'. I was so motivated to work on the problem because I really believed him when he said it'll be high impact, but I don't know if I can believe him. So, what should have been some of the more fun years of my life I feel will just be stuck working for a selfish person on pointless solutions to problems that are better address through other means.

It's honestly to the point that I think about dropping out and just giving up. I can be persistent and I can work extremely hard, but those skills don't mean anything for me now because my project is a dead-end, and I don't have any other ideas for what else I can do. I just feel like an idiot, like I went for things I wanted to believe were true but weren't actually. Like I stopped listening to my gut instinct which was telling me that I'm doing something wrong. I was so excited coming to grad school, thinking that I would do something high impact that would mean a lot to me and other people, but I just don't see at all how that'll work out. I sometimes want to quit, but then what else can I do? I will have already wasted two of my best years pursuing pointless dreams, or rather, illusions of a dream. 

The worst thing is that I'm completely unemployable for the things I want to do. I was always interested in starting a company and getting involved on the VC side of things, but it's a really insular group that I don't feel like I belong. I just don't really believe in myself, and it's really crippling me, because every day I feel like I'm working on a pointless problem that won't get me closer to where I want to be. I was going to a counselor for a while, and it helped a lot, but MIT only foots the bill for 12 sessions/year, and I can't afford to pay out of pocket. My dad left when I was a kid, so I don't really have him or anyone else like him that I could have ever gone to for help. I'm just so tired of feeling lost and feeling like I made wrong decisions that'll impact the rest of my life. That I listened to the wrong people and ignored the right people because I was stupid and didn't know any better. My undergrad adviser, who I hold in really high regard, tried to convince me to go to Caltech. I chased after MIT because of it's reputation and for a girl, when in hindsight I think I would have been so much happier there. 

I felt I chased after a dream that isn't going to materialize, and that I'm stuck now working on unchallenging and unstimulating problems for the next years of my life, and I just want to give up. I feel my life has been an entire struggle, one after one, started from when my dad left, to when we lost our home, to having to work to no end in undergrad to make ends meet, to now working on a dead-end project. I always thought that some day, all the struggle will pay off, but apparently it doesn't work that way. I just want to give up and die so I can stop fighting for something that'll never happen. "
"Firstly, this is obviously a question that no one can answer.  No one knows the ""meaning of life"" but everyone has their own idea of what it could be.  I am not actively seeking suicide, but if the right opportunity presented itself I'm pretty sure I'd just go ahead with it.

No, I'm not depressed.  This stems more from my understanding of the world around me.  I have had long discussions with many people, including my parents, and most just cast me off as dumb.  I am in no way religious.  I used to be and couldn't be farther from faith at this point.  So, my dilemma is:

There is no purpose.

My brain is very analytical.  I like to solve problems.  Therefore, I think in a very mechanical yes/no, right/wrong manner.  If I follow what society suggests I do and finish my education and get a job, family, etc then I end up successful and happy, right?  Or, I could not give a fuck and be a homeless man living in downtown Chicago, asking for change.  But at the end of my life, neither of those outcomes is relevant.  I die anyways.  There is no memory after life.  Therefore, nothing I do matters.  I could be Bill Gates or a meth addict and I still die a meaningless death anyways.

""But the people around you!  It's how you affect others!""  Some of you may believe that to be true.  But, if I die then let's say 30 people attend my funeral.  10 are sad for a day.  10 more are sad for a week.  And, the final 10 are my close relatives who miss me often.  Okay, I don't want to upset those final 10 people because I care about them.  But, once they die too, outside of a family tree, I never existed.  They will all die too, just like me.

""But, it's about the legacy you leave on the earth once you leave!""  Let's say I decide not to kill myself and I develop a cure for smallpox just as it comes back.  Okay, so now I used my understanding of the science and technology developed by humans to defeat one of this earth's greatest defense mechanisms.  I stopped a virus from controlling population size.  I, in turn, have helped humans to further grow our population size and overrun this planet's natural resources towards the ultimate path of our full destruction of it's carefully balanced eco-system that hosts all life that we know of.  How is there any glory to be had in that?

I could keep going on, but I'll stop.  I'm sure that most of you can catch the general idea of what's in my head.  And, don't think it's because I'm sad.  I live in a $400/mo rent house (great deal, money isn't that tight) with my fiance, who loves me endlessly, am graduating with an AAS in computer networking in December, and have parents that would do almost anything for me.  It's just this state of mind.  It's this machine in my head.  It never sleeps.

Now, your turn to talk:"
"Ok. This may be long but I need to tell this so that maybe someone on here can help me to help her. For the past 10 or more years my mother has threatened suicide. I have literally taken bottles out of her hand. It destroys me a little inside every time she does it. Hurts me to the core. And I feel so selfish and ashamed for feeling that way, and so completely inadequate for not being able to help her. I do what I can from 200 miles away with only phone and internet and no money of my own to help. But that can only go so far. What pains her would take thousands of dollars to fix, and a large part of it I can never fix. She has divorced twice in her life and she doesn't want to be alone. I can't help with that, I must live my own life right? I have a husband that I need to take care of. I can't move out and live with her like she wants me to, I'm 28 years old and I have my own life! Aaaaand here comes the guilt. Am I wrong? Should I leave my husband (whom I am VERY happy with) and move in with her to make sure she doesn't do anything stupid? She can't come live with us either, at least not for another few years. My husband is in College and we can barely make ends meet with just the two of us. When he gets out and we pay off some student loans maybe, but until then she is on her own. Should I sacrifice my happiness for her as I know she would and has done for me? How can I get her help when I'm so far away and penniless? I do what I can, but all of the things that are wrong with her are beyond my ability to help over a weekend stay. I can't fix a car, I can't get her mothers diamond rings out of the pawn shop, I can't fix the electrical or the structural problems with her house, I can't help her lose weight or find a man. I'm useless as a person. I try to cheer her up, to help her to think through her problems and try to come up with solutions. But sometimes my solutions hit a wall of depression, where the very act of doing anything at all is something monumental to her and she just cries and I can't stop her. That wall is so frustrating and it makes me not want to talk to her, but then I feel horrible for feeling that way. But seriously, when she gets like this I get so upset it makes me want to vomit and I have digestion problems for the next several days. It negatively affects my marriage because, though I try to spare him, it spills out at him. He wants me to tell her off, to tell her to stop doing this to me. He doesn't want me to be mean, just to make her understand how she hurts me when she does this. I can't do that, she would just turn that against herself and then I would have added fuel to the fire. I could never live with myself if that was what finally broke her. I don't know what I expect from this post honestly, maybe venting. I just need help, for her. "
"I guess this is just here to tell my story and have at least one person who will listen. First off, I'd like to say that I've promised myself that I wouldn't commit suicide. There's far too many problems associated with that option, but that doesn't mean that I don't keep thinking about it.
That I don't keep idealizing it.

I just feel like I have so much pain.
I've gone to three people about it so far, but either I'm bad at explaining it, or it's pretty much fundamentally incomprehensible. I feel like my body is somehow wrong, and that there is a body that is somehow right. I feel like I'm crazy for thinking this. My mom thinks I'm crazy, my best friend thinks I'm crazy, and I get the feeling my counselor just wants me to move on from it. It's like they think that it's just a phase, and that doesn't help that I fear the same thing... At least they're accepting of it in a way...

I want to be female. But I know that going for that via hormones, life style changes, and surgery won't give me want. I don't think that I'd be able to pull it off, and I already have a life as people know me, and from what I've seen so far, they wouldn't really be able to accept me that way. Not really. I'd just be weird to them. I'd still be male in their minds. I know this, because I feel the same way. It would just be easier if I were born female.
Of course, one of the problems is that I don't fully accept certain feelings associated with it. I mean: it really is crazy. But at the same time, it's me. And if there's anything I've learned from this it's that, identity is one of the most complex things in the world. I want to be able to accept it, though.

I don't know. I think this has basically turned into a rant at this point... I guess that's all this is really...

I started typing this with the purpose of getting this off my chest somehow. I've already told others, but they don't understand. I've told others who have, but only online and my mom kinda wants me to stop doing that. Again, I fear that she thinks this is just a phase and that me talking to others who feel the same way is somehow keeping me like that... It's just caused me so much pain, and she's really only trying to help, but at the same time, she just can't deal with it... You see, my dad past away recently, and that's causing her enough stress as it is, but I still need help. I still want someone who I can physically go to, have them understand my pain, my feelings, my thoughts, and hold me as I cry... I've done that so much lately...

I've lost hope. I don't what to do anymore. Nothing I can think of would really help, and anything that I can, I just can't see it happening. I feel alone, even when surrounded by others, even when I'm talking to someone who feels the same way and actually can understand... A physical embrace would be so nice...

Anyway, thanks for listening. I've promised myself I won'd, but if you can still give me a reason to look forward to the rest of my life, it would be nice...
I'm only seventeen, and I know I have my whole life ahead of me, and I know I act like a child about this sometimes, but... I hate this pain, I hate that I can't run away from it, and I hate how I react to it... I hate myself...

And I'm sorry..."
"Before hand she has tried to commit suicide but i think it was one of those attention seeking ones. she's talking about it again (atttention seeking i dont know, but she is that sort of person so i'm not taking the risk)

I've already put the talk of the guy addressing his daughters friends on a CD for her to listen to so she can understand the effect killing herself will have as she see's it as not selfish. I also linked her to r/suicide watch but she refused to read it as she won't take advice from people who have never been there and no one here understands.

I just need to know what to do in this situation. She's already says she has a plan but doesnt know when shes going to carry it out, but i do know before she does it she's going to make sure her pets are looked after."
"I've suffered from depression since I was 14 and have been suicidal many times.

For some people, it may be beneficial to learn about the illness of depression, formerly referred to by psychoanalysts as ""melancholia.""  Depression is considered to be caused by some type of loss, either in reality or just perceived.  Sigmund Freud wrote a genius article about it entitled [Mourning and Melancholia (scroll down about 1/5 of the way down and find the title in bold)](http://www.annals-general-psychiatry.com/content/7/1/9).  

If you are depressed, no words or understanding will make you instantly feel better.  Becoming well again takes at least a week.  In the mean time, you go from person to person and their advice always seems to miss the mark, as if they don't understand your situation.  They probably don't.

The best way to become well again is to create a structured day and FORCE yourself to do things, even if you no longer have interest in them.  This is very tough because you see no reason to do it.  If you keep up being productive many people will become well again.  Sometimes this doesn't even work, and this is where it is imperative to talk to a professional.  Know that the doctor is your savior.  Cry in front of him.

When you are depressed a whole different reality takes over.  In my opinion, this reality that you see is probably the truest: ""We can only wonder why a man must fall depressed before discovering truth of this kind"" Freud.  Freud was talking about the startling fact that many of his depressed patients exhibited great self-knowledge and pure honesty.  The important thing to remember is that even though you are depressed and can't see any meaning, there is a certain type of meaning held within people who are well and they don't even think about it.  Some people can live their whole lives and not know the meaning they have because that meaning is usually only known when it is lost, when one becomes depressed.  This type of meaning can be attained only passively and day-to-day.

Anyway, I recommend you talk to your mother or loved one, get professional help, and by god go on medication.  Know that this barren feeling you have while reading this WILL go away, even though you cannot taste it right now.  Probably the scariest thing is that you cannot even taste this healthy feeling of life.  It is hard to have hope when you can't even get a glimpse of what you are working for.  Have faith that it exists, because it does exist.  "
"I've backed myself into a corner, and as a constantly frustrated person I can't expect more out of myself but that acceptance doesn't stop me from hating myself. Nothing stops me from hating myself. Even though I realize that there are millions of people dying of hunger right now, it just doesn't stop me from hating my existence.

I tried college, and I stopped going because I hated it. I hold a shitty job that pays nothing, working for people that couldn't give a shit if I died tomorrow. Every day I waste my time in this place, and every day I wish I would get hit by a truck on the way home. It's a pointless endeavor. I would try to find a new hobby but everything I try bores the living shit out of me or is costs money, and when you don't have any it's hard to find something to do. 

I don't have any friends I actually appreciate. I don't appreciate them because they are in the same position I am in, and being a working-class drone isn't a respectable position in my mind. 

Women drive me crazy. I thought I was in a picture perfect relationship that shit everywhere because it turned out that I lied to myself and made myself believed I loved a girl I didn't, yet, I still think about her every day. You'd say I still love her, but I wouldn't be content if I was in a relationship with her again. I would belittle her and take advantage of her anyway. I do my best to avoid relationships now because they seem to just get in the way of me trying to dig myself out of this shitpit that is my life, but no matter how much I focus on trying to get out of debt, it's never fast enough. No one is reliable. No one is dependable. No one has any fucking money. No one is industrious as I am and no one wants me around anyway so whats the fucking point? 

I'm fairly sure I've never actually felt love. All I have been able to do is fool myself into thinking I was in love. I haven't been able to feel happy since I left high school, and I'm forgetful as hell. I ask a lot of questions and always end up getting laughed at for asking questions that are obvious to everyone else, yet they always as me to come fix their bullshit when it breaks!

I'm not motivated to do much of anything, ever. I'm already tired of writing this. I can't focus on fucking anything. I think I literally have a 30 second attention span, and then I just get frustrated because things are taking too long. 

The only constant in my life is feeling like shit, day in and day out, and when I don't, it's because I've convinced myself that feeling depressed is for weak people that can't get their heads screwed on the right way, but I'm pretty sure I'm the one that can't get his head screwed on the right way. 

I squandered all the money I made in the last 4 years on stupid shit that didn't make me any money back, and I still knowingly do it every day. My self control with money is like a child in a toys-r-us with mommy's credit card.  

I hate myself because I can't be everything, and it's turning out it's hard for me to be anything at all. I'm not comfortable being this person. If I die, I won't know the fucking difference anyway so really the only thing I have left to do is find a good way to do it and talk myself into pulling the trigger. 


tl;dr bitchity bitch bitch, I bitch about frivolous shit."
"I've been reading through the other articles in SuicideWatch and feel like such a whiny baby in comparison. There's so much pain and mine is so small in comparison. I've been so happy recently, but in the pit of my stomach I knew that it wouldn't last. And big surprise- it's not. I feel it all returning again and I don't know what to do about it. 

A year and a half ago, I attempted suicide. I'd read all of those articles about how when people jump off of the Golden Gate Bridge and they regretted it halfway down. I never regretted it. Not once. I remember becoming overwhelmingly tired and sort of dizzy (vicodin+vodka=one hell of a combination) and thinking to myself ""This is it. I am about to die."" but I didn't even feel a pinch of regret or remorse. And I still can't figure out what has kept me alive for this long.

God I sound so morbid. Sorry. I don't even know why I'm bothering to post this. I guess I'm just hoping that someone has some kind of hint or magic trick that will keep my head above the water...if that makes any sense.


EDIT: Fuck it. It doesn't matter anyway. "
"It's been almost a year since I posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/a2jn0/what_is_the_point/). My wife is gone and our divorce will be finalized in a couple of weeks. 


Life hasn't been easy. It's still very difficult to wake up every morning and get through the day. I'm working on some of my hobbies but the feeling of emptiness persists. I've traveled a lot, joined a sports team, watched a zillion movies, etc. and yet I don't think a day has gone by where I haven't thought of killing myself. I have this nagging feeling like I wasn't meant for this life. What am I doing wrong?"
"I am on disability due to bi-polar and the month is longer than the money - I look at the financial and recognize that from a money standpoint my family will be better off if I am dead.  I see the hell I put them through and feel the same.  I have failed in most everything I tried to do in life and now feel like a failure because I can't bring myself to end the ride and just die.  
I want to be happy but at every turn it just seems like happy is denied to me.  
Which wolf do I feed - which one do I want to win?
did the coin flip trick where you flip a coin and while it is in the air you realize what you want the answer to be and the answer is dead.  But I want to be alive as well.

just needed to vent - sorry 
"
"It's not a cry for attention. I just don't want to live for anyone's sake anymore. Anyway, thanks for trying, SW. But I am a soul you couldn't save.

**Update** : I just came back from the emergency room. Now I know never to tell my friends about what I'm planning. *sigh*"
"As I said, I'm not about to do anything drastic by any means but I didn't know where else to go with this. 

I don't know what to do anymore, I'm 22, out of school and I quite literally have zero friends, I don't mean I don't have any close friends but I still have people I can hang out with. I mean I literally haven't had any contact with a person my age since my girlfriend walked out of my life a little over a month ago. I don't blame her though, I'm miserable I'm unbearably annoying and I'm an asshole to people that by no means deserve it.

I don't think about taking my own life or hurting myself but I picture pretty frequently being run over or killed by someone else. I'm out of motivation and literally going through the motions at this point. I've made an effort to meet new people but any contact I wind up making is eventually cut off in less than a week as a result of that innate annoyingness I mentioned.

I'm trying to improve but its not exactly a speedy thing and the way I'm feeling is just absolutely debilitating. It comes in waves and sometimes when it hits me I just feel like breaking down and crying.

I don't know what to do anymore."
"I truly am a pathetic, emotional, undeserving, ungrateful child.

The most ironic thing about my post is that I have talked people out of suicide in real life and online.  Yet, even though I know what to say and I know what I'm saying its right, I can't convince MYSELF of the exact same things.

I've always been a very anxiety-ridden person.  When I was in 6th grade, there was gag gift day, and my teacher gave me a hernia operation video b/c of how much I stress out.  Ever since I was in Kindergarten, I have held myself to insane standards - mainly academically but also socially.

I'm so hard on myself that neither my parents nor any authority figure has EVER ONCE IN MY LIFE had to punish me or inform me of my wrongdoing because I punished myself mentally and physically 10-fold what they would do.

I'm fine most days but if any stress comes at all (relationships, SCHOOL, etc.), I fantasize about the perfect way to kill myself.  I don't want to risk failing and then being paralyzed or a vegetable or have half a face.  I also create elaborate plans on disappearing and starting a new life elsewhere.

I am afraid that one day I may do it.  I came close once.

The horrible thing is that my life would be awesome to 99.9% of people on this earth.  I have a caring family, more money than I will ever need, access to opportunities, a private school education since birth, tons of friends, etc.  And none of them know that I hate myself with all my being.

And yet I fantasize about ending it.  I have had a nervous breakdown in every new stressful situation (college, grad school, etc).  I overanalyze.  I actually wish I had an I.Q. of 80 and wasn't capable of subjecting myself to Med school stress.

There is such severe social pressure on me to become a doctor.  Everyone I know is a doctor, dentist, lawyer, or businessman.  I would feel like a failure if I did not become one of these, and yet I don't want to do anything of them.  I want to work a non-stressful job and watch movies and not care"
"I'm thinking about signing up to do training with the [Samaritans of NY](http://www.samaritansnyc.org/). It looks like a demanding commitment but something that could be very rewarding, especially for someone who's had a loved one commit suicide. Anyone have any thoughts?"
"Everyone says im so smart, but i am faling my classes. It's my first semster in a community college. I simply cannot make myself listen to one of these bullshit teachers, and  i pay them for the privledge. I cant do their fucking work. I simply refuse to, and i am unable to persuade myself otherwise.

I want to be an entrepenuer. I never want to do someone else's work again. But i already know i wont make it. I ant to do play in traffic in my bike and run red lights until someone else kills me; that stuupid poor fuck.

Time for another class. My worst one. More tribulations on failure later."
"and a mental ward in a cramped hospital

meth heads

with anxiet ridden ppl who got kicked out

makes sense (sarcasm)

im burnt out and i want to die but i dnt know what to do because im really fucekd up right now

i jus thanded him the knife and he slit his wrists and he tried swollowing pinesol and ran away a lot, there was another guy who would scream at me a lot...this was at the residential home...for ppl with diagnosable things...shitty small town....i remember one night near christmas where he was knocking in the quiet room (locked away for ""safety"") banging on the door 24/7)

I can't get these out o fmy head I think I have PTSD. I don't eat because it reminds me of the time he slit his wrists...I was peeling potatos...and what else...he tried to kill us all with a frying pan once...

i dropped out of shcool at 15, aspergers &amp; social anxiety"
"I am really fighting the urge to either go ahead and kill myself or to just leave. I've given at an honest effort the past few weeks to exercise, think positively etc. and it's not doing jack shit. I just don't see the point to put in an effort anymore and I'm about two seconds away from draining my bank accounts (which is a very minimal amount) and just driving to wherever I end up and just forget the world for as long as possible. I'm sure I would wander back home eventually but who knows when.
Also, I can't get my suicidal thoughts out of my head and it is really tempting to follow through with it at this point. I have it planned out perfectly for hundreds of situations so that I will actually reach my goal next time and not scar any family members. I just don't know what to do.
I will be on for at least the next 5 hours so AMA or give advice please.
tl;dr 2 seconds away from just driving off or suicide.

EDIT: I was talked down. At least for the time being."
"I've been where you are. I know the pain. Before you do anything, let's just have a beer and a chat. We don't have to talk about anything in particular. Sometimes a quiet drink can heal the deepest wounds.

I'm not trying to push any ideology onto you. I'm not trying to sell you anything or convert you to Christianity (I'm an atheist myself). I'm just a guy who wishes someone was there to do this for him when he needed it most.

This is a genuine offer. "
"I don't want to sound needy or something but I really am desperate to talk/hear another human being right now.  My fiance left me tonight after giving up on dealing with me; I've pushed all my friends away; and after years of traumatic experiences plus tormenting my own mind relentlessly, I'm seriously wondering why my life is like this.  I keep questioning if this is the end and how my life was supposed to play out.  I've tried asking for help in finding groups or people with similar interests but after months of nothing happening, I honestly give up.  I'm so alone right now, I have no one to talk to and living in my own skin is difficult.  I feel like this is the end....  :("
"I'm a recent graduate out of high school. I have a full time job, and go to a community college full time as well.

Throughout high school, I've had suicidal thoughts. I learned many a knot so I could be sure that I can tie a noose right. I've taken chemistry so I can have easy access to various forms of cyanide.

Ive always had trouble keeping friends. I'll hang out with a group and be an asshole to the person who invited me. Others make an attempt to reach me, but I blow them off because I don't feel like I'm good enough to be around them. I drive the people who could ever help me away.

School is stressful as I can't pass a thing. I'll spend hours on a simple math assignment, only to get a 30%. I'll ask others in the classes how long it took them to do the same assignments. They'll say an hour or two, and they did better than me. I try and fail.

I have no money to get to a doctor. I feel like a selfish prick just postage this message. I'm curretly laying in bed, crying over absolutely nothing. I'm ashamed of myself, and I have nothing left to live for."
Stuck with being bipolar. Hate myself. Anyone going to save my soul? I have the means but not the reason.
"long time lurker...i just can't continue.  i don't feel like getting out of bed in the morning, i only do it because i feel like a schmuck for not getting up.  i eat and i eat and i eat.  i will stay online for hours at a time, only showering at the last possible minute before leaving for work.  i enjoy being at work because there i can be happy.  happy being someone else for a while.  while i don't feel suicidal every moment, i am depressed all the time.  i just want to cry, and i want so badly to talk but i don't know how.  i am not good at this.  i avoid the phone except for my bf but he battles it too, so the both of us seem to fight a lot.  i also work a lot because i want to move to be with him.  right now i don't have the resources but i will soon.  
i have the thoughts of wanting to get out and exercise, or eat healthy but i have no motivation or willpower.  tonight i was feeling really low, watched a movie to take my mind off it, now its over and i am back to my feelings.  i eat even if i am full, i stay online even if i am beyond tired.  and i am rambling and crying right now...i don't know what is going on with me.  i am 30 years old, i feel so lost and crazy.  "
"I don't know where to turn. This post is such a small fraction, I've shortened a novel of feelings into so little -- I hope you understand I feel both better and naked after this!!!

Prerequisites: I have had a more than substantial amount to drink - and this is a summary, I'm having problems definitively reducing my story, as there is so much subtext I will be missing - but it is generally an ask for help, and a lack of where to turn to in the UK for mental health issues... 

I'm 21, and my guilt is there is so much I should be thankful for.

I am a very constant contributor, who loves this community (for use of a better word) - dearly. 

3 years ago, I experienced the hardest month of my life. In the space of a month, I caught my SO of 3 or so years through school cheating most horrifically, quite literally in bed with someone else. I was willing to talk about the situation, and sadly she disappeared mid conversation. To this day I know she's still with the guy whose condom wrappers I found behind the bed (she was on the pill), and who convinced me everything was O.K, and that it was all in my head. I have never had any closure. Love can be blinding - and she - for hundreds more reasons than this - was a sociopath (fake rape everytime things were in trouble, fake miscarriage, but I digress).

During those hard few weeks, I had a wonderful friend. A friend whose heart resounded a wonderful sense of wonder, and a search for truth in the world. A friend troubled by the world around him; plagued by how he saw the world move forward. This friend carried me, sometimes literally, through the unexpected and unexplained loss of my first love. I distinctly remember arguing into the night with him and friends the issues of the world; and he was happy just to have another opinion - but more happy simply to have someone to talk to who wasn't an idiot!

2 months after losing her, I lost him. On new years eve, the most wonderful person I'd ever had the pleasure of spending my hours with - had left me. I found out in the morning from a call from a close friend, disbelief set it. I didn't know where to place myself, but I assumed it to be some mistake. I found out later, I had tried to call him all night from a friends house phone. His parents showed me the missed calls, I could explain to them that this was me, and they could offer to me any solace they could give.

His mother was an atheist, and full of respect of his own views. The funeral was non-secular, and the family (1 brother in the army, where he had always wanted to go, and one a brilliant writer...) were so unbelievably open and accommodating it was exactly as he would have wanted. Hundreds turned out for the funeral; the ex, well, I felt the need to talk with her before hand, I explained to her that as much as it pained me - he wouldn't have wanted her there. He was with me through my own grieving about her - as much as I loved you as a person still, as someone I shared my life with... He wouldn't have wanted you there... I honestly didn't feel this was my own problems taking over, I was honestly thinking he really despised her and would be ashamed at me for letting her into my life again...

She came to the funeral, and sat directly in front of me, and at my best friends funeral, flirted with the guy next to her as me and his best friends slowly fell apart, it was horrific.

I didn't cry for months afterwards, I spent so long caring and protecting my friends... showing them I was O.K that I hardly considered myself. After 4 or so months seeming normal to others, but spending most days hiding in bed my mother found me a job. She worked for a major U.K charity... She found me a job as a Sunday manager of a store locally managing a local store; my mother is an accomplished business woman, who at some point chose to try and give back to the community, and took a job in charity.

This is when I first noticed, from the depths of depression, my extreme anxiety. I struggled every day working here... but it helped me in more ways the it hurt. For all the people stealing from charity and the bastards trying to trick a very old volunteer staff, I truly started to see the good in people, and I started having a reason to get out of bed in the mornings.

It fell apart at one of my many breakdowns, I've never had a breakdown before these main points; but after, I hide this moments from everyone. They are not my choice, nor my own doing - but I occasionally find I completely lose control of myself; you see, there's so much I hide constantly, so many people I convince I am fine.

When my best friend died, I had three distinct people tell me these words:
""I thought it would be you"".
My secondary school form tutor, who was struggling through her own problems - but was a wonderful woman.
""I'm surprised it wasn't you""
From another friend.
And, 
""I thought I'd find you hanging in your bedroom"",
From my brother, who has gone through a lot, and I trusted - this is the one I trusted, and still struggle with... I was down, I may have been depressed - but I still don't know where to place this.

Even in this post, what I am saying and the truth is so far detached, there's simply not room for the back-story and the majority of the poignant points. Hopefully from what I say, you can take the back story yourself - life is strangely complicated, and unless I was writing for hours, I don't know what I would be trying to place here for discussion.

I digress apparently, but after my soul-mates death and my SO's leaving, there was such a hole. And so few people I could suddenly converse with honestly, they were the two people I could confide anything to... and were both wonderful at it. My friend was on exactly the same page - politically, spiritually... I still feel he would have had so much to add to life - he would have been so able to contribute to discussion here for example!

Anyway, I feel I should stop ranting about the past, even though sadly I've barely been able to touch the surface...

Currently I have a wonderful girlfriend, she knows most of this; but it isn't like I rant or talk about it at all... still, I have a lot of moments and things that stick with me... and apart from that, I have a lot of attitudes and guilt I find it hard to live with...

His friends parents and family were so wonderfully inclusive, but I sometimes wonder if that's why I'm still here. My life seems O.K to outsiders, but strangely my folks moved away about a year ago, and I've been left to my own devices, I haven't had to chance to go to uni and escape all this - I'm hear now, and making all the wrong choices, but...

I have always been viewed as very gifted in I.T, I was kicked out of college for a fairly famous 'hacking' incident, and I lose that term loosely. 

I am now working for a few companies, underpaid, and in for every other week shuttled around a commercial directors list of failing companies he's a chief investor, and expected to single handedly make them a success... 

My character just hates this, I barely make enough to live, and yet everyone around me makes more, and often I'm in I.T companies making everyone else rich, coming up with not just the strategy but the execution.

I might be completely out of it, and I doubt anyone will ever read this --- 

But I feel suicidal at least a few times a week - I don't believe in self-harm. If I make the choice, that is simply it.

This story, I might seem like an ass, I have no idea.... I hope no one I know recognises it.

I've gone to U.K doctors, and had a struggle getting anyone to listen to me that I have issues, probably because I'm so closeted, but fuck that should be part of the training right??

edit: this took so long, I forgot so much, as I said, honestly the last few years for me are hard to quantify outside someone who knows me - a lot of experiences - one of the reasons I think I've had enough experiences, but I forgot to mention, now I have a wonderful girlfriend who tries to support me in my actions, but suffers with general anxiety disorder herself and has been in counselling from a young age - she thinks, personally, that I suffer from clinical depression, anxiety of some kind, and some sort of schizophrenia... 
(the idea of schizophrenia may stem from my few breakdowns, where I have heard voices, and been completely not with it for a substantial amount of time...)
-------
edit: I sit up, deadlines looming - unable to quantify the meaning to others of those said deadlines - unable to concentrate; I go through weeks of finding myself unable to concentrate. I wouldn't be typing all this if I hadn't in the last 4-5 hours drank over a litre or so of spirits, sadly unlike most people I'm more than qualified of typing after this, I just sent this text message to my wonderful girlfriend a few hours ago:

""Still working - gettin g nowhere and feeling truly fucked :-) good times, I'm so very disappointed in where I am it physically hurts... It is a hundred thousand paces from where I would wan bt to be. Currently giving up and listenning to music - it's weird. I feel like everyone I know are years away from this sense of abandonment - actually working to live - there's so few people I can feel have been near to this. Probably why I find it hard to talk to anyone; talk about dropped in the deep end, ""show me there still can be some mystery, I haven't found. Throw me, a lifeline to the lost at see - don't let me drown"". 

She is a wonderfully patient woman, who is as disappointed in our health service, as I've tried to explain to them.... that I probably need help... Honestly, someone more experienced with whatever I've been going through, simply to talk to... and to have some direction of where to turn, would be a godsend.

I throw my number in for as long as I'm not stupid enough to edit it out, reddit please call:
+44 ****

edit2: see bleow.
------------ 
Anyway, bye Reddit.

"
"I don't even know why I even try anymore. I just feel so hopeless about everything. I can't make any commitments, I can't help my fiancee do anything. I'm not even sure she cares about me anymore. I have no future. I don't know what to do. I just can't continue anymore. Please help me"
"I'm in physical pain every day - I have been since I was young - and the meds don't help as much as they used to. I don't have any friends. I am unemployed and have no marketable skills to speak of, so I cannot find work. I feel like I wasted my youth.

I lack to two things that give pleasure to a life - companionship and purpose - and all I have left is a grinding pain that grows worse with each passing year.

I used to be strong. I used to think I could keep pushing and eventually I'd get lucky, and things would start to get better. But now I'm tired, frustrated, and looking for an escape from it. Thoughts of death have crept up on me in recent months, and they're getting harder and harder to ignore."
"I tried working out (5'11, 63 kgs), I tried working with a therapist, and all it does is show that I'm useless unless there's money in my hand. First of all, I couldn't even get into college by my own merit. I have a relative who works for the finance department of [Prestigious college in DC]. That's how I got in, I had a 2.9 GPA in high school and the sad part is that I was working my ass off, dealing with a father who works, a mother that puts all her resources into me and my brother. My brother is 2 years older than me but his Aspergers leaves him in the valley of not needing help, but still not managing things on his own. After my declining grades and lack of social life, my mother decided to work with me on only 2 courses and save my dwindling future. That didn't even work, I now have a 2.2 GPA in college (I'm only in my second year) and no matter how hard I try, things just don't work out.

You're probably thinking, ""Oh this kid must be pissing on Daddy's money and hanging with his bros."" Well, you know what? I don't have friends. All my friends from high school had moved away and I was mostly hated in high school. So all the assholes I meet are the same 703-fuckers that thought I was the messed up cunt from 2 years ago. I had 2 ""girlfriends"" both broke up with me over petty shit I don't understand. Let's start with the first girl, Jessica (she was 15, I was 17). She was a shy, emo girl who self-inflicted pain on herself (scars on her wrists). I tried to cement a long term relationship with her (as I never was good with the ladies) but after she ""got raped"" by half of Fairfax County, she thought that I was weird for wanting to be with her after only meeting her at art camp. 

Second girl I met at college during summer classes this August. Her name was Mady, she was from Toronto and we both had a lot of similar likes (reading, foreign films, volunteering). All she wanted was a boy toy, some pliable fucktard like me to buy her expensive crap so she could leave for the other rich guy. When classes were over, she blocked me from her facebook and when I tried talking about what was wrong, she denies anything happened. She still gives me coy messages how she misses me. Bullshit.

I just got back from my Econ class. I have an easy professor in an easy class. After working off my ass with my mother (majored in econ) and going to the TA, I still managed to get one of the lowest grades in the class for the midterm. If I'm not smart, not amiable, and incapable of living on my own, I might as well waste in the Potomac River.

This weekend I'm writing a will, preparing a list of people I trust, and finding my organ donor card. I may jump the Key Bridge in the start of November. I love DC in the fall, I want it to be the last thing I see before I die."
I want her but I can't have her. Without her I'm helpless. And since I can't have her. I don't want to be alive.  I have girl-friends but non of them are appealing to me in the way she is to me. Am I weak for feeling this way?
"I have been acutely suicidal for the last few years - in the hospital 6 times and probably should have been long term committed but that is another story.  about 6 months ago the Dr. put me on a new drug, invega sustania, and it seemed like a waste for the first 6 months I was on it until last visit.  The nurse was getting the shot ready and I noticed that the needle was MUCH longer than before.  Matter of factly she tells me that they just found out that the shot must go deep into the arm muscle to be effective (I have large arms and the needle they were using barely got into the main muscle).  It has now been two weeks and even though I still have the anxiety and depression from my bi-polar for the first time in a long long time I am not obsessed with taking my own life.  The thoughts come and go with the depression (I fast cycle) but they are just thoughts and not the almost overpowering urge to kill myself. 
Just a note - if you are on Invega Sustania make sure to ask your DR / Nurse if they are giving the shot correctly. 
I am hoping / praying that this is a true improvement and not just a cyclical improvement or a placebo effect because I want it to work so bad or just my making it seem better in my own head but for now I am feeling better."
"My mind is in extreme danger right now and I have no means of coping (since finishing this post, I have calmed down, defenses are back online at normal strength, all is safe...for now.). There is exactly one person in this world I still consider a friend and talk to, and she is not the sort I can always reach out to. I am alone. Crushingly alone. Most of the time I am ok. But I am on call at work this week, and because of that, the emotional barriers I put in my mind to let me calm down and have peace once I get home are broken. It's my first week on call, I have been woken up in the night every night this week and every time for a problem that either fixed itself or is far beyond my ability.

But that's the tormentor. There is nothing anyone but me can do about that, and my only course of action at the moment is to find another job at another company. Something I am already trying to do. No, that's a lie. Something I keep telling myself I should do but haven't because I want to hide so badly when I get home that I don't want to...my defenses are saturated trying to cope with being alone. They hold up 25 days out of 30, maybe more, until something goes beyond them and then there is no reserve. There is no backup, there is no plan b.

I am 20something, never dated, highly intelligent. I went to a college where the guy:girl ration was 4:1. The women weren't special, but by George if you didn't think they were better than the first meal you'd eaten in 3 days...well, nothing dire would happen, you'd just have to keep hanging out with only guys.

No, the problem goes back farther. The problem goes back to the fact that when I was starting high school I was lied to by both my parents. A lie? Pfft, tons of people lie all day long. Yes, but this lie cost me everything, and almost my life. It tore my mind apart. Because I refused to give up I am still alive. No friends gave me great advice, there was no one to talk to. Religion wasn't significant at that time in my life. There was, and has been, no real healing.

I can't trust people because after that event I became OCD about liars. I can spot a lie or even a “white lie” from a person (when face to face) almost instantly. I cannot stand dishonesty in the same way that iron cannot stand rust. I cannot tolerate a friend who will lie to me. Be honest, even if the truth sucks. Always speak as close to absolute truth as you are physically and psychologically capable. If you think that's impossible, don't bother with me.

Discretion is one thing, but discretion is saying nothing, not telling a white lie (AKA “No honey, you look wonderful.”) Discretion is being honest about everything, and knowing when it is and isn't a good time to bring up something true.

Allowing for the lies of humanity is a symptom though, not the problem. The problem is that for my whole life, no one has had faith in me. I have had to prove I can do something to every single person or place or group I have ever done anything for. I am sick and tired of being called a liar when the core of my personality has been flipped to stop myself from speaking dishonesty or untruth at all times.

The thing isn't that I will kill myself tomorrow if this isn't fixed. It is that I know how I work. I know that if the day ever comes that I stop fighting, that I stop holding on to the tiny shreds of hope I have, I will start a series of highly destructive events that will end in my eventual death; either by accelerated natural causes (IE: starvation due to lack of job, money, and desire to ask others for help) or direct action. Why? Because once I give up, there is no longer any role/purpose that I can serve that will justify my existence to myself at the cost of the unrestrained torment of things I can't deal with alone. No service to others is worth it, nothing I do will justify that level of suffering to my own mind, it will tear itself apart. I know this, because I know how I work.

I make it sound like I haven't dealt with any of my pain. I have, quite a lot actually. The issue is that the bits of pain that are left I have no idea how to deal with myself. No amount of facing abandonment and loneliness will make me stop hating it. Nor will it change the simple fact that there is no other living human to talk to when my own coping mechanisms are utterly overwhelmed. Or maybe it is that I don't want to lock out humanity completely, because...what use is there in tolerating others if I have conquered every pain I have faced alone? I leave those pains unresolved to give humanity a door back into my life.

I spent 10 years looking inwards, watching how I worked so I could heal myself; as there was no other to heal me. 10 years is a long time to spend, it gives you a great idea of what you can do, what you are capable of, and what you should run away from at all costs.

I have so many things to be thankful for, but I can't bring myself to care about them and God knows I have tried hard. I can't feel love from my parents for all the anger I have not just for the lie they told, but also for how cold and callous they were when they were finally informed of their crime. There was no remorse, no apology. Only more anger, the same anger I grew up with. The same anger I have spent the better part of 20 years learning to control and quiet. But that anger...the rage...why stop it if I am the only one in my world? Anger consumes, why not let it consume me, tear me apart, the problem will solve itself if I just let it. &lt;--corrupted logic detected!

I need to be left alone, or need one...special?...human to exist in my world. Alone I can erect emotional walls that will not be broken. If I cannot create them between work and home, I am doomed. No. Realistically, that's a lie. I can create no such wall without going so far away I'd never see a human again. There is one path to survival. One.

If that sounds narrow minded...understand that...I'm big on fixing problems once. There are a whole slew of things that will slow down the degradation of my mind, but only one that will stop it. Keep in mind, it might actually only be one...because that's all my personality will allow for.

By the morning when I check this, I'll wonder why I bothered posting it. But I know the answer deep in my heart: Because the walls are getting progressively less effective, and I'd really rather look in every crack and every corner, ever room and hall, for my reason to continue existing; if there still is one. Exhaust every opportunity ethical and moral; when your time is up, do not run. Accept that you did all that was asked of you. At that point, what reason will you have to fear? You served as you were called.

Afterthought: The God of Abraham, Issac, and Jacob is the God I believe in. In case that helps make some of the more nonsensical statements I made more...understable?

Afterthought2: I read the “Why shouldn't I share my contact info” post...it's remarkably spot on. I have helped a couple people out of suicide, I got my head in their lives, but the mods are absolutely right. An IM is all I ever used. I was on it so frequently that if they needed me anytime except while I was asleep, they could basically contact me. I always dropped what I was doing for them. They are better for it, all of them. Boyfriends (they all happened to be women), good jobs, stable homes, I am glad I could serve them. It's...been a long time since I have had anyone to help.

Also, the fact that I was (normally) an Ocean away from them helped them trust me, as...who could I possibly tell that would know them? Am I really going to make an international call to have the men in white come after them? Hah! Yea right...

No seriously, that post was pretty much perfect and correct in every detail.

Afterthought3: There is a reason I have taken no meds and sought no “professional” help. Part of my survival tactic was being able to rely on the fact that I really was feeling what I was feeling. My reality was real. At the age the lie occurred, going to a pro would have meant telling my parents; an action I was barely ready to take 2 years ago when I did decide to tell them. Having been through college (and taking a decent number of psych courses / knowing ppl going into counseling psych), and hearing stories of professionals...I am better off alone.

4: Compartments, my mind has lots of them. I don't have multiple personalities, I have sectioned off my mind either to keep me safe from myself, or to hide information from my conscious mind (otherwise I would always think about it, or always feel sad because of it, etc). My methods for dealing with issues is not to repress them, but to expose them to one compartment at a time, as I am able to, until I have exposed them to all compartments, and then expose them to groups of compartments until finally all compartments can see that tormentor at once and deal with it together. Clever eh? It works rather well, for me."
"Hi SW, I've been thinking about making this post for a while, but I was never satisfied with the wording.  I'm a student of English and Philosophy, so of course I can't consider submitting anything without first elaborating excessively.  Long read ahead for anyone who wants to try.

Background info: I'm 20, in university, grew up in suburbia with good parents, now I live in a relatively small city (in the top 20 largest cities in the US, but there's a pretty large dropoff at some point).  I have a couple hobbies (reading, playing guitar, video games).  I've always been introverted (and I don't mean socially retarded, I just genuinely prefer being by myself 90% of the time).  When I was 9 or 10, I had 14 family members die.  Whenever I revisit that year of my life, I always remember the first death, my aunt, and I remember crying a lot.  By the end of the year, I was just cold and didn't care about who was dying anymore, or really who was living, I just wanted to be left alone, didn't want any emotional strings attached to anyone anymore.  To this day, death doesn't faze me.  Some guy I'd gone to school with since 4th grade died in a car crash my senior year of highschool and I didn't care; if anything, I was embarrassed by everyone else caring so much.  I only mention this in such detail, because it's really the only thing in my life that truly sucked and I believe has been the most influential on my personality.

I had one girlfriend in highschool; it didn't work, because I didn't care about her and it showed.  I tried to care, but I guess you can't force stuff like that.  When I called to ask her why she was acting so weird, she told me she thought we should break up and I laughed.  I was relieved that I didn't have to pretend I cared, frustrated because I had to do so in the first place, and pained because that's when I started to realize how bad I am at personal relationships with everyone.  The only girls I cared about friend zoned me, but I don't hold grudges.  I said before that I'm not socially retarded, but I'm not suave either.  I'm not brutally honest, but I am honest and I find it impossible to be otherwise.  The only people I lie to are my family, because I don't want them to realize how disconnected I am from them.

Anyways, I'm rambling.  Point is, the only things keeping me from donning the nitrogen mask are my grandparents, and to a lesser extent, my parents.  I grew up with my grandparents for a lot of my life, and as such, it'd be like their own son offing himself.  My grandmother has an undiagnosed brain disease that is slowly causing her to lose control of herself.  I don't know if she'll die any time soon, but she's not going to be here mentally for very long.  Maybe 5 years until we don't know her anymore.  My grandfather, however, will be around quite a bit longer (I predict at least 20 years).

Depression isn't the reason I want to kill myself.  I'm not depressed.  Or maybe I am, I have no idea; I don't feel depressed and from what I can tell, I don't act depressed.  I've been to a therapist before and the only reason he accepted me into his therapy is because he recognized I had issues I needed to solve (this was my soph. year of high school), so he told our insurance company that I had ""minor depression,"" which they covered.  At that point, my emotions concerning life were running too rampant for me to even consider killing myself.  Now, they're too dead to think of living as a great option.  Beyond keeping appearances (even that is losing its importance), I'm pretty much completely apathetic.  I rationalize everything other people find meaning in to oblivion and I can't stop doing it.  I can't think of a single thing worth living for, except for this irrational devotion I have to making sure my grandparents aren't completely disappointed before they die.

Everything people want to do seems great for fleshing out a life story; unfortunately, none of those are things I care about.  I don't get satisfaction from anything, because I can't stop fucking rationalizing everything.  Everything I find interesting gets sidetracked by my incessant need to figure out why I find it interesting; by the time I figure that out, I don't care anymore and it gets added to the list of things I took the piss out of.  It's as though part of my brain wants nothing more than to find the truth in everything, as objectively as possible, while the other part wants nothing more than to be happy.  In waking life, I'm tired and bored.  In my dreams, I'm in love, I'm working, I'm doing all the things I know don't really mean anything outside of my own life story.

So what should I do, SW?  I'm out of reasons and I don't know if I can even be fixed."
[removed]
"I've been feeling depressed and don't go a day without thinking of killing myself. Lately it hasn't been as bad, but I still really think I need some help. I called a hotline several months ago when it was really bad, and they were extremely unhelpful. They just kept asking me how I was planning to kill myself, and didn't really encourage me to talk about why I would want to.

Anyways, I got fed up with trying to talk with the lady on the phone (it's really hard without any kind of encouragement!) I ended up asking them about resources to do what people always say to do and ""get professional help"", but they were fucking useless on that front. So, how can I find this ""professional help"" reliably?

One complication is that I'm unemployed and living on credit cards. I have no savings, so I really can't afford to waste money. More debt would just make me feel more hopeless.

Thanks.

edit: I live in the south SF bay area, California."
"a few weeks ago I decided to starve myself to death. That lasted about a week. It turns out starving yourself is much, much more painful than slitting wrists, or a gunshot to the head. anyways, I said that I had been robbed of whatever it was that drove people due to my father having died and my mother being two clicks short of a psycho. maybe one click short. anyways, after years of intensive zazen, I know what was missing. I've never been jealous of anyone. I'm 24, and have lived my entire life without jealousy. It was suppressed (every day I practice zazen, it becomes slightly clearer to me what exactly is ""wrong"" with me). I'm not sure how that sounds to people, but imagine living your whole life without jealousy of other people. everyone I know likes me, for sure, but it puts me in an absolutely horrendous position. Without jealousy, it's hard to want to be like someone, or not be like someone. it's hard to like this kind of music, and not that kind of music. Jealousy of other people, is to a large extent, what we base our entire identities on. and I've never had that. not from before I can remember. how exactly am I supposed to start now in my mid twenties? This life just seems like a lost cause."
"I'm not going to go into detail about my life story because it's just going to sound like pathetic whining, but I've been in a lot of pain lately. My doctor and certain loved ones have told me i need to get out of the house and do new things, but I can't find the energy to get up and do it. I'm a 20 year old male, and simply don't care about myself or getting any better, it feels like the few loved ones who do, are just doing it because they feel like they have to, they always sound frustrated and unwilling to listen. Anyways what I'm asking is, how do I generally get myself to care enough to actually help myself? I don't care, I don't really see any damage done if I just off myself, really."
"A 14-year-old kid I knew just killed himself in what seems to be a double suicide with his ex-girlfriend, who was 15 ([article](http://www.startribune.com/local/east/104855369.html?elr=KArksUUUoDEy3LGDiO7aiU)). Some local community members are creating [memorial bracelets](http://www.logomos.net/product/3bd964fc-3365-4a03-9867-269fd1a9a454.aspx) that have the suicide hotline number printed on them.

R.I.P. Jacob Campbell and Lisa Grijalva."
"I'm not actually suicidal, but I figured this would be the place to post for some sympathy.

I'm 20, go to school. I've never been approached by a woman, and I doubt I ever will. I have a burning desire for a relationship and someone who I could love and get love in return, but I don't think I will ever get to have that chance. I am wasting my youth just by thinking of this."
" I'm 31 and I've managed to accumulate more problems than I thought possible. And I'm really thinking about it now. I actually own a shotgun now. But behind me is the wife who shares a mutual hatred. A 2 month old and a 2 year old. I just found out the second kid was conceived while she didn't love me at all. She's been playing me since we first got together, I think. She's the first-born controlling type, and I'm the mentally damaged needy type. I think she sort of wanted a slave-type situation. She's admitted to having sexually abused her younger adopted siblings. I don't put this sort of thing past her. And I've been taken for a ride. But I think the deal went sour for her, which I'll explain, and now she realizes she fucked up.

Don't for a moment think that this is enough for a person to kill themselves. this is the cherry on the top of unsovlable chronic pain, anxiety, 400+ lbs. and narcolepsy. Which is really fucking funny in the movies when people fall asleep in their soup. But it's **not fucking funny** when your body is literally... **fucking literally** destroying parts of your brain. And your memory is going and you're never ever really awake. And it's going to get worse and theirs nothing you can fucking do about it. And your cunt fucking wife gives you grief because she has to take care of the two kids all day (no job) and she can't go out by herself when she wants because I can't watch the kids. Why? I'm in too much pain, or too sleepy, or I smoked dope to make my god damn pain go away for a while. This is after I've suffered through a pain-filled day of work while lying to them to keep my job. I don't know why she wanted to have second kid. I can't figure it out. In hindsight I can tell she didn't love me. It's embarassign to admit how blind I've been. The zero sex outside of getting pregnant. The lack of any kind words ever (unless she wanted something). She's as much of a evil fucking cunt as I am sucker. Not that I'm not a needy, emotionally stunted person. I'm sure she has a legitimate beef with me too in ways. But that excuses nothing.

I'm figuratively and literally tired. I know if I end it now, I'm the coward who left a jobless wife and two kids behind. If we split up, I'm taken to the cleaners because none of the facts above matter in court. I don't believe in the sanctity of life, nor an afterlife. I'm not even sure why I'm posting this. The decision is going to be mine. I just needed a place to throw all of this up."
"I'm 16 years old with no IRL friends. The people I see everyday have not yet learned to think, yet actually hold an intelligible and practical conversation. I can't empathize or relate to anybody and my opinions and thoughts fall on deaf ears. All I can do is listen to immature teenage bullshit on a daily basis. I have no niche, no group I can call my own. I feel lonely on a daily basis. I find myself usually only talking to teachers every now and then. I hate this statist drone producing institution we call the public school system. I have to live like this for 2 more years, coerced into doing the most pointless busy work and sitting quiet in a chair all day. I am disgusted with the parasitic society I live in today. I am sick of seeing these weakened and demotivated people we call students and citizens. I am constantly plotting suicides in my head.  I want to end my life more and more everyday. 

I am so depressed by the fact there are no individuals strong enough to whom I can relate to. No one gets my philosophy on life. No one has the passion that I do. I want somebody to share my energy with. There seems to be nobody who is strong enough for me. I just want to be recognized and voluntarily collaborated with but I am so limited right now. I am a mere child. 

I have purpose: My own happiness. I just want someone to share it with.

God, somebody talk to me."
"Glorious.
"
"When we die we all go to HEAVEN!   Even if one commits suicide and if you ask for forgiveness then ""HE"" will forgive you. So what's the point!  I sit here and day after day I listen to people rant about GOD. The president, the corporations, my so called friends, family, just everybody.  If there was a GOD, this place would not be like this.  


Just follow the rules and you will be ""OK"" .  It is all bullshit - all of it.  Just read the headlines, U follow--- There is enough food to feed the people of the world, but do we do it. NO  WE WAR-WE LIE-we are just a bunch of evil people.  

Yea there are some good people but it is just not worth it anymore.  I can not wait to leave this place.  

Oh by the way- called the hotline number =  they need more help than I do.



"
"Such a cliche question. I'm sure everybody has come across it or thought about it at one time or another. It bothers me sometimes. Just a quick frame of reference: 21-year old college senior with original plan made in high school to kill himself after graduating college (by then my ties to my ""family"" and ""friends"" would have been broken off since people naturally lose contact after college enough that I wouldn't feel bad doing it). Tried therapy, support group, talking to various people, medication (Lexapro &amp; Pristiq didn't do anything; now on generic bupropion...), but nothing has worked.

So, when I'm not dealing with my own personal issues, this question bugs the hell out of me because I can't think of an answer that won't get me more depressed and leaning more toward suicide. If you aren't religious and don't believe in an after-life, why bother if we're going to die anyway?

I know some people say you bother *because* you're going to die anyway. You live life and enjoy every moment you can because this is your only shot at it. But I never really understood this. I feel like this assumes an after-life, because at the end of the day you will no longer exist and it doesn't matter if you made the most of it or not. 

It's not like you're on vacation somewhere exotic and you want to make the most of it because who knows when/if you'll ever be back. In that case, you make the most of it because whatever you get out of it will be with you afterward. But with life, it just ends. 

So, why bother? I feel like the only answer I can think of assumes that you have a ""happy"" or ""good"" life (of course, being here you can assume I don't feel like I have a ""happy"" or ""good"" life...), and I guess that answer would be on the lines of: ""It *feels* good to be alive and experience happy moments, so why would you cut off a good feeling?""

I know life can change and tomorrow is a new day blah blah blah. There's not enough substance or hope in these phrases to motivate somebody that is so disappointed in their life up to this point to continue on. 

(Just FYI, I'm not going to kill myself any time in the immediate future; the local gun store doesn't open until Tuesday and I haven't even started the process of buying a gun)"
My brother died and I lost the love of my life. My depression is so bad now that I can hardly walk and my ocd means I can't shut off. Medication has never worked and nightmares during sleep means that I get no respite. 
"For the past few months I have just felt incredibly down.  Nothing feels that great anymore.  I don't think I want to commit suicide, but the thought does occur. Just basically how I would do it and what people would think afterward. If anything I would want to somehow fake my own death and just go live in the mountains as a hermit. That honestly feels like what would make me happy right now.  

I've been doing so shitty at college lately, I was getting A's and B+'s last year and now I'm consistently getting C's and D's.  It's just such a struggle for me to do anything. I find it incredibly hard to study and even combing my hair in the morning feels like a monstrous task. I'm 20, I've never been in a relationship. I have done okay sexually, but never with someone I actually am in love with.  It all feels so empty.  I look at my roomate and my friend's and their girlfriends and they are all just so happy. I want that connection with someone so so badly yet it never comes.  The only times I've ever thought I'd loved someone It's turned out horribly. In high school I never made a move because of my cripplingly low self confidence, last year the girl I went to study abroad with, who I hooked up with numerous times and she said she really liked me, went back to her boyfriend when we got home.  The latest instance happened recently I met a girl at a friends party we hit it off, went to get coffee a following day and then i run into her at a bar and she wants nothing to do with me. I thought it went well and now I kick myself and think How stupid I am that I could actually think that.

And I fucking hate the fact that I have to try and be happy. Whenever I go to hang out with my friends I have to consciously say to myself ""okay let's get through this just smile and try to have a good time."" Sometimes that works but it always comes back to me feeling the way I do now.  Not to mention the fact that I've been drinking more. It's nice to be able to let go of responsibilities and these feelings for a short time but it always ends up that i feel the same way.

Sorry for the long rant, I guess I just needed to vent. Has anyone ever felt similarly and if so do they have advice on how to escape these feelings?  I really truly do want to feel better, I know that it is not normal to fantasize about suicide.  I try to think that I have it better than so many others, I'm in college, I'm not poor, I have friends, but it doesn't seem to do anything.

"
"its been nearly a month since my girlfriend broke up with me.
and in that year with her i lost my last remaining friends, in no great stretch because of the time i spent with her. but not entirely, as i am not really all that likeable.

i dont know why it matters, but a year seemed more real than anything. even though there were issues, but neither of our lives are made for us, nor had we made anything for ourselves that anyone could see as anything but tragic.

she sent me an email detailing how it was better for us to be apart, because she didnt want to leave it at nothing, i am at the same time torn between crying and blind rage. knowing that she couldnt see from the beginning who i was, and that she ever tried to create a relationship with me, knowing that the points of conflict would always be the same. 
after letting her meet my family, going through all of her bullshit from her previous relationship. i am no longer of use.
  
she says she is there for me, wants to talk, says shes always open to listen. but the only thing i want to tell her is how fucking sad her loss in my life has made me. it is more of an insult for her to be open and accepting, after throwing me away. 

but i told her, that this is how it goes, i come in, build up your confidence, help you through tough transitions, then you realize that the strength and control that i exert , the thing you needed so much from me, is no longer what you need.  because i helped to rectify that part of you. 

 and so now again, i am alone. to watch the many i have helped to understand, and to watch them outgrow anything that i will ever become.

and me just watching the vultures circle over the corpse of our relationship, all the men who she swore she had no interest in, all still there, just waiting for me to be gone, with certainty i know that they were always there, just telling her what she needed to hear about my faults, what would push her away from caring about me enough to break us.

and so now after my effort, i am the one who is friendless, sitting alone.

because i cant show pity to those undeserving, because in my eyes i am undeserving of pity, how i treat the world is only how i treat myself. i know she was right to leave me, but wish for once someone could see something in me they couldnt bare to lose.

it cycles between anger at myself and her for not being able to talk, and complete deathwish for myself, for not trying hard enough to keep her.  

but isnt it respectful to let a person choose? not try to cajole and convince? and if what she wants is to go into a rage and throw you out of her life in the middle of the night? then not talk to her, or at least shouldnt i be glad to be rid of her?

but i cant bring myself to think that way, because it is a failure on my part, to not be able to help her with her emotions. no one is made without fault, and it is my inability to rectify her emotional struggle, that makes me most hate myself.
"
"So, everything in life seems to be piling up on me. I have a full course load of senior year classes, an entire stack of companies that I need to submit job applications to very soon, exams and projects coming up, two clubs that I'm already committed to doing things for, and I missed a lot of school last week for a family funeral. I've also been sick for over a week now, and I can't sleep more than 3 hours a night even with medicine. The thought of food makes me feel sick so I am barely eating.

The thing that really is hurting me now though, is that yesterday I went over to see the guy I was dating, already upset and crying and hoping for any kind of comfort, only to have him tell me that he didn't want me. We were both going to the same party last night and he told me that I shouldn't be around because he thought he had maybe 4 other women he could get with. After he spent the night grinding on some girl he met two weeks ago, he told me that he wanted to date her and proceeded to tell me everything that is wrong with me, both physically and personality wise. Looking back now, I should have seen something coming over the last week, even though we haven't had any fights or anything.

I'm posting this here because when I came back to my apartment last night, I spent a long time thinking about how easy it would be to OD with all the alcohol and drugs I have here. I do think I probably have some form of depression based on my past history, although it's never been diagnosed or treated. Fortunately I've never been tempted to think about this before, but this is the closest I've ever been and the whole idea scares me. I just can't see a way to take care of my pile of work and I can't even begin to describe how lonely I am. There's no other way to make it all go away, and waiting it out hurts too much.

I don't have a car, so it's hard for me to get out of the area and take my mind off things, even if I did have time to do so. I also don't have a whole lot of friends here, most of the people I did know graduated and are already drifting away. I called two friends last night, but neither of them live remotely close and it didn't seem to help, although they did everything they could for me. The thing I need most in the world right now is someone to hold me while I cry on them, or even just a big hug would probably do wonders. I just feel so alone. What do I do?"
"Oh, how long this is probably going to be.  What the hell.  Here goes.

I lived with depression till I was in my 30s.  Some of you might already know this, feel free to skip ahead.  Before then I struggled along on bad job after bad job, all part time, all horrible jobs for someone with depression.  I couldn't get anything better because - well, I didn't believe I was worth it, even though I knew I was good at what I did.  It would always show in how I acted.  So nobody took me up on it.  I was living with my parents the whole time.  Couldn't even afford rent.  Was overweight, kept getting more so.  Never, ever dated.  Couldn't figure out what was wrong with me when every girl around me had dated multiple times.  Bitter.  Parents did a favor for my sibling which meant moving and I ended up having to move out.  I moved 600 miles away to try starting again, at said sibling's insistence.  That lasted for four years, more of me struggling with what the fuck was wrong with me and terrible jobs with no future.  Just before the end of that little snip of my life, I found out what was wrong with me - went on medication - and... just... felt SO MUCH better.  I still remember that - what it feels like to feel not just normal, but fucking STRONG.  Untouchable.  And then sibling fucked me over in a way that lost me my home and I ended up having to move 600 miles *back* to move in with parents again.  Who had been also fucked over by sibling who backed out on their side of the original deal as to why they moved.  And now... well, I was unemployed for a couple months after I got back, then I got REALLY lucky and now have this amazing job, but it pays so very little because I'm at the very entry-level-est position.  I'm *very* good at it, I get praise all the time, but I make below poverty level wages.  And I was so happy with that, because I was working with my parents on this plan on how to get through the first few years and how we could work together and... and now my sibling has popped back up with a 'different' plan (their fiftieth or so, I stopped counting years ago), and now, five months after I *just* moved back home after *asking* ""are you okay with me coming home again"", I'm being told I'll probably have to move out again, ""probably soon.""

I can't live with a roommate - I tried that, and I just... I can't stand other people around me all the time.  It just aggravates the depression to the point where I'm hiding in my room or not coming home as much as possible, which aggravates the people living there, pisses them off, and ends up in me being asked to move out.  Plus, small pet.  Yeah, that's also hard to find a place for.  I feel like a jerk even thinking of giving him up, but I feel like... he's been moved around so much over the last few years, this really isn't fair to him... but it would kill me to give him up.  How can I?  And yet how can I not, if this is what life's going to be like?  Is it fair to keep him?  And then I feel like a complete jerk because I feel selfish for even considering giving him up because it feels like I'm doing it just to make my life easier.  Which it would be, but fuck if he isn't a huge help when he cuddles up next to me every night and just radiates his unconditional love at me.

I even got desperate enough to look at Habitat for Humanity.  They seem to favor families.  They definitely want someone with good credit and a savings account - HAH.  As if, if I had either, I'd be where I am right now.  I mean, I can understand their feelings.  It's just ... frustrating as hell to see all these wonderful ""oh we love you and want to help you"" ads that, when you look at the small print, turn into the nice equivalent of ""yeah, no, piss off.""

I've looked at cheap trailers.  I have nothing against them.  But with the bills I pay, and my salary, I have this horrible feeling that even a $400/m mortgage (assuming I could even get one) and a $350 pad rental, I'd still be fucked when it came to trying to pay things like utilities and food.  So even the cheapest, crappiest places I can find seem completely out of my reach.

I feel unwanted.  Why am I being booted again?  When I got home there was talk of us co-signing and finding a little place together, pitching in to pay all the rent and bills.  They'd have a place to retire, I'd have a place to call my own, sort of.  And then this sibling comes along and suddenly I'm forgotten again.  Completely.  Like... my parents didn't even seem to realize that they were saying to my face, ""we changed our minds about living with you, we'd rather live with someone who has backstabbed us and will probably do it again.""  Did I mention sibling's spouse, which has violent tendencies and hasn't hit an actual *person*.... *yet*?

Fuck.  It's been a long, long time since I started meds that I've crawled up in a ball and cried and wished I could curl up tight enough to disappear altogether.  The other issue is that because this job is entry level, it doesn't have any coverage.  My meds are $50.  I've been... skipping them a lot lately, in order to try and get ahead on other things, like paying bills and saving towards a tiny little down payment.  I haven't even managed to save a hundred dollars yet.  I haven't touched my meds in a couple months now.  I have a handful left from the last batch, but now I'm afraid to touch them because now it's even *less* affordable for me than it was before.  They say living in Canada has its perks, but... I still have to pay $50 a month for these things.  Which is fine, I don't want a handout, I hate feeling indebted to begin with... but they're still feeling further and further out of my reach.

And in the meantime, I spent an hour in bed this morning when nobody else was home, curled under the covers and feeling a way I was really, really hoping I'd never feel again, and all that with the realization that it was probably going to start happening a lot more often as all this talking of moving out occurs, over and over again.  And... I wish I were dead.  I don't generally think about things like actually killing myself - I always preferred that ""oh if only a bus would help me"" kind of thinking, it felt less guilt-inducing.  Now I'm sitting here thinking about bottles of pills, or knives, or jumping off cliffs, or... other things that are hardly healthy.  And feeling horrible because I know perfectly well if I even *hint* at what I'm feeling I'll just make my parents feel guilty and helpless *and* trapped between me and this goddamn sibling (I wish they'd never had) and it won't change anything anyway.  Dying, though.  That'd at least fix things, in a ""well it'd break the family up a lot but on the other hand I hate half of them, the other half are currently struggling already anyway, and at least *I'd* be out of it.""  Yeah, selfish.  Anyway.  I guess I'll end this, I keep editing and adding and removing and shit, at which point I always know it's time to just stop writing.

Oh, and thanks for existing, all of you.  It doesn't really *help* to get this out here, in that it doesn't really get me a house or a better salary or a family with one less person in it... but at least I can get all this shit *out there* to people who understand and don't give me funny looks for saying or even hinting even a *word* of all I just wrote.  *That* helps a lot."
"You all have been a great, supportive community to me over the past year, and it's time for me to go. The details of when and how aren't important.

You ask why?

* 30 Years old, single, broke, living with family
* 2 College Degrees, Nothing going on in my career
* Depressed, constantly
* Have Epilepsy, starting to lose hair, out of shape for 1st time in life
* Have lost all faith in God, having been raised a good Christian
* Deep in debt thanks to Student Loans, Credit Cards, Auto Loan

There is nothing in life for me, I hope you all can find happiness and love.

Goodbye.

**EDIT:** This is a throwaway account."
"I'm seriously fucked up. I'm sick to my stomach. Everyone's trying to hurt me. I've been nothing but nice. the only reason I get the way I do sometimes is because I feel like their actions have forced me into my current state of mind. It's their fault, it's my faut.

Am I boring? not hot enough? is it because I look like I'm 16 when I'm almost 20? why do they feel like they can walk all over me? Do they really think I'm clueless? I'm not stupid. It's so fucking obvious now. I want to deny it, technically I have no proof, but I fucking know something is going on. All the signs are there. This is fucking textbook shit right here.

FUCK FUCK FUCK this shit,. fuck this life. I wish I could go back to being alone. At least then I was moderately happy. I was naive. I want to go back to that fucking day. All this SHIT could have been prevented. I'm not fucking dog shit. god damnit, I'm so fucking sick of these mother fuckers thinking I'm stupid. Maybe I am. yeah I dropped out of high school, so fucking what, sue me. the only reason I did was because this shit happened in school to. well not like this, but it was fucked. I will never change. I can't change. It's just who I am, unfortunately, that's not very good.

REWIWEWJHFEWKHFNIEWFNEWKF  fuck this."
"For years, and years I have had problems with depression. It has made me have to quit school, and sacrifice important relationships that I've had. Every once in a while I just feel like I want to go to sleep; that if I wasn't here it may hurt people for a while, but they'd get over it. I mean, I got over it when my best friend was murdered. Humans are made to get over traumatic events, right? And fuck, I obviously wouldn't care anymore. Reddit, I'm not full-on suicidal, but I couldn't really think of a better place to post. I feel as if I'm done here. There's no point anymore. I've become exactly what I told myself I wasn't going to be, and I can't do anything to change it anymore. I'm in debt up to my 19 year old ears because of things gone wrong, I should be in my sophmore year of college, but I'm not. I'm working two jobs that will be going absolutely nowhere, and I feel like there's only one way out. There isn't a person I can talk to about these things. I don't want to worry anyone, and the last thing I want to do is interrupt other people's lives. This post hasn't been very focused, but I'm kind of in a weird state of mind anyways. I just want to sleep for a really long time. "
"So I've got my plan and all that set up. (For reasons why, see my other post)

But I was thinking about things tonight and I was wondering what will happen afterwards? I was raised Protestant, but I have been having doubts. According to that faith, after death it will be like a sleep until Jesus returns at the 'end-times.' Catholics believe suicides go straight to hell.

I know other faiths believe in things such as reincarnation.

And here on Reddit there is a strong atheist community.

So what do you think guys? What is going to happen on the other side? Anything? Nothing?"
"Since I was born, I never liked my gender (male). In primary school, I were called names, often picked upon, had nobody to talk to. My hobbies were programming. That didn't help :(

In real life things have being getting worse and worse. Sleep is the only thing I enjoy. I cry just for the sake of it, and have being thinking about suicide.

Reading about NWO, chemtrails, MK-ULTRA, 911, Federal Reserve, invasion of privacy/free speech, just makes me more want to get me out of this world.."
[removed]
"I just started my first year of college this year, and I've never felt more depressed in my entire life. The first month of college went great, I didn't have a care in the world. Now it is a struggle to wake up every morning. It isn't like I don't have friends, I have some awesome friends. I have an awesome girlfriend who is leaving to return to her college on Monday night, and my sex drive is so low I've only seen her once. I got a gym membership to help distract me from my feelings, but I can't even motivate to go to the gym anymore. Doing a good job on my work is a near impossibility, and everything sucks. I consider suicide almost daily, but I don't think I would have the guts to do it. I can rationalize my situation and I know how much I have going for me, but that doesn't stop these terrible feelings that I have all the time. I've been seeing a school counselor once a week, and he's surprisingly good. All I want to do is lock myself in a dark room and sleep my life away. I've always thought suicide was the most selfish act someone can take, and I would never want to inflict that kind of hurt on anyone I care about, but I'm having some trouble finding some other options.
:/"
"I feel like I'm just a burden on my friends and my girlfriend. I have a really bad rep in this town and my friends don't really want to be seen around me. I still try to pull ahead and meet them as often as possible but my efforts are fruitless and I don't think I'll have a future with these friends. The only reason my girlfriend stays is because she's so innocent and sweet and doesn't think there is a problem with me. (She lives out of town). However I know I'm just a bad influence to her and she would have a much better time with another guy. I'm her first boyfriend, by the way, so it's that much easier for her to think I'm perfect. 

Today she told me that she suddenly started becoming suspicious of other guys when they are nice to her. Before she was quite oblivious and generally thought sex didn't exist. (She's almost 17) She treated this new thought jokingly but I realize how serious of an effect I have on this girl. I know she's old enough for these things but I hate to see innocence torn apart. Well I've already went so far with her it's reversible, but maybe the rest of her life will be better without me. 

Yesterday I also took the PSAT and visited some family friends. I did fairly well on the PSAT but there was one question that stood out. It said: ""When do you plan to attend college"". I graduate 2 years later but I still put in ""after 2013"" because I hoped to join the military for many many reasons. Now I realize how stupid this was because I may not get scholarships if I decide to go to college right away, and I'm physically unfit so I will probably get kicked out of boot camp. (I have slight asthma). To top off my uneventful future, my great uncle asked me what I wanted to major in in college. Well, I didn't have a solid answer but I hurridly said ""Music"", because I feel like that's the only talent I have. And let me tell you, having Music as your only talent is really, really discouraging. I really feel like I have no future. 

I do have a few friends, but they are so popular that I feel like I'm worth nothing to them. If they read my obituary they would probably think, ""Oh, ___, I knew that guy. That's pretty sad."" I guess I would leave my family with a lot of confusion (I'm pretty good at hiding my sadness) but it's probably recoverable. I feel so comfortable imagining life without friends, family, or any earthly troubles that I feel I'm destined towards it....

Last night I went on Omegle. I started conversations with strangers and then I realized how much of a boring douchebag I was. First of all, I'm not funny or original. Second, I couldn't find any good topics to discuss, and when someone said something sad, I sympathized with them way too much instead of trying to lift their spirits up. I do have my moments but I'm starting to feel more and more that it's just because my friends are nice enough not to shut me down. Maybe they even feel like I'm some special ed kid so they have to give me encouragement once in a while instead of treating me like a normal person. I just want to have a conversation with deep meaning and with spritual benefits, but I guess that's weak and I'm just a bore. 

When I'm not trying to sympathize with everyone, I'm a total ass. My sense of humor is very critical and when someone speaks I can't think of anything except what they said wrong. If anything sounds annoying at all I try to ignore that person. When I finally find someone I like, I'm not funny enough to have them stay. Maybe I'm also intimidating since I stand at 6'3"". I usually find that when someone talks to my back and I turn around and say ""What?"", their eyes open a little wider, their neck cranes back, and they talk a little quieter. Being intimidating has led to fewer bullies (if I was shorter I would've been beaten to death by now because of my unpopularity) but also fewer friends. I've done nothing but gaming and homework for every weekend the past 5 years. 

I'm a pretty appreciative guy, and I love to view the marvels of nature, and I thank whoever's up there for giving me such caring parents and a roof over my head. So I'm not clinically depressed. But it seems like life would be a lot better for everyone if I just die. 

While I made this post, I thought, why do people want to save near-suiciders? Is it out of morals, respect, manners? Do they think that person will become beneficial to *someone* eventually? Well, I lack any sort of personality and I feel like my reasons for suicide are completely logical and not blinded by emotions or my subconcious. People say that thing will get better, well it does, but not for me because no one will ever want to be around me. I can't change the way that I think or how tall I am. I wish I could be nicer to everyone without selecting just a few people to be nice to. I've hated many people for many reasons for a while now, and I've realized I'm the same as them. It'd be easier for the world if I disappear. I don't think anyone will understand me unless I tell them everything I think and why. I tried it once and it killed our friendship. So if no one on this earth is willing to deeply understand people who need help, then I guess there is no point in living. To be saved, to be understood, and to be loved are what I believe to be the three greatest feelings in life. But today, in this society, I feel it has become a thing of the past that many avoid. I have no place in such society.

Yeah I talked too much. 

**TL;DR:** Not clinically depressed but I believe I am logical with my choice for suicide. I will read all your comments but I feel quite comfortable with my choice. "
"Over the past few years it feels like I have lost everything I have worked so hard for. I used to be the guy that set the curve in all my classes. No problem was too difficult. My GPA was a 4.0 and I had a bright future ahead of me. Then, everything got out of control. I ran up thousands in credit card debt in addition to school loans. I started frequently withdrawing from classes and in the past couple of years my grades have fallen to a point where grad-school is no longer an option. I am 30 years old and have been struggling to finish a bachelor's degree since I was 23. The anxiety attacks have gotten so bad I end up frozen and unable to start on homework assignments. They completely freeze me up on exams as well. I am diagnosed as bipolar and taking meds currently, but they only help some of the problems. I keep having these anxiety attacks and then falling into depression afterward. The thoughts of suicide have never been so frequent. Now I am behind in my classes and have assignments I haven't even turned in. In addition to this my physical health is failing too. The meds have put 20 lbs on me. I smoke like a chimney trying to stave off the anxiety. I can't even walk up a small hill without getting winded. In a way I am already in the process of committing slow suicide.

Again, I have to go to the doctors and tell them their pills aren't helping. Unfortunately they will probably just change the dosage on the drugs that have been failing to help for the past three years. That, and tell me to start seeing the therapist again. It's all they ever do. They fail to acknowledge the extent of the problem. Being a student I can only afford the university clinic and can't afford to see someone else. It seems the only way I am going to get help is if I end up in the hospital. "
"Dear SuicideWatch,

I'm not suicidal, but with my current bout of apathy and self-destruction, I can feel myself heading in that direction.  So I'm not here looking for reasons not to kill myself, but I am here for advice and I don't know where else to post this.  

I think I have been depressed for a long time - for nearly as long as I can remember.  If anyone is interested, I'm a Myers Briggs INFP and a type 9 with a 1 wing on the Enneagram system.  Sometimes I feel like I'm the most introverted person who ever lived, to the point that my natural personality has been severely holding me back my entire life, and I'm not sure what to do about it.

I have a college degree, I'm intelligent and talented, but none of this matters since I hate being around other people so much.  I hide my feelings deep inside me, and I don't communicate with anybody if I can avoid it.  I'd very much like to get out there and live a normal life, but something about the way I'm wired just will not let me shine.  I live entirely inside my head.  I feel like Ron Livingston from the movie Office Space.  He says, ""It's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care.""  I feel exactly that way all the time.  For a while I was fine not caring - why should I care about money or ""real world"" success when we're all going to die anyway?  ""I have my books and my poetry to protect me.""  But this attitude has brought me to a place where I am actually starting to care.  I want to use my skills and talents to improve the world.  I want to immerse myself in society.  I just want to be happy, and in real life it's just not possible to be as stagnant and invisible as I've been and still find happiness.

So I guess I'm looking for advice.  Has anybody ever felt that they've lost all momentum in life, and are just sitting there not caring?  I have goals and dreams, but I can't give myself the inertia I need to start moving in the right direction.  Sometimes I feel like it's too late - I spent my younger years in solitary ignorance when everybody else was out getting their piece of the pie.  Sometimes I think I've gotten too old, sitting around waiting for something interesting to happen to me, drowning my boredom in booze and destroying my body.  I really want to change - carpe diem - but I simply don't know how.  Maybe I need a shrink, maybe I need medication, maybe I've spent my whole life thinking I was smart when really I'm just an idiot.  

Can anyone understand my situation and advise me so I don't keep slipping deeper into depression?  "
"Throwaway account. Hey guys, 20-year-old female college student here.
Sorry this is going to sound incredibly dramatic. 
I'm sitting here, in my room, and I've got the works. I'm one step away. I'm scared and shaking.

Please, show me something beautiful. Tell me something incredibly happy.

--Edit: Today, after submitting this post, I had 3/4 of a mickey of whiskey and fell asleep with five sleeping pills bunched up in a fist, in my empty apartment. Two hours later I woke up, puked severely, took a shower, and walked around town. I chatted to a stranger for twenty minutes perhaps, then came back to all of these responses and concerns. 
I just wanted to say thank you. Even though my depressive impulse got the better of me (not to say I am that much the wiser now), you still managed to inspire and encourage me. Humanity can be a beautiful thing.  "
"A few years ago I found my dad after he killed himself. A week before I learnt he had become severely addicted to pain meds and blew threw all his money and credit over the last year.
My siblings and mother, who knew the full scope of the problem, hid this from me while he was still alive. They told me lies like he still had money saved and that the reason he hadn't been working was because he was in a car accident.

I was already depressed at the time and I spent most of the day alone in my room on my computer. I often skipped school, never went out and rarely talked to people. I was emotionally numb and completely oblivious to what was happening to my dad.
I was in my last month of high school and there was a lot of pressure from my family to go to university and get a degree. I didnt really want to go and didnt know what I wanted to do but I had applied anyway and been accepted. I decided I needed a student loan and would need info from my dad's tax returns to apply for one.
I tried to talk to my dad about this but whenever I went to approach him he suddenly got up and left or picked up the phone and started dialing. Over the past couple of weeks it seemed like he was avoiding me but I thought I was just being paranoid.
When I finally did get to talk to him I told him how much money I needed for my first year of school, that I was going to apply for a student loan and needed his tax return. I was a bit irritated with him because I had been trying to get his tax return for a few weeks. He didnt say anything to me and stared directly at the ground the whole time I was talking to him.
Later that day I went to see my mom. She broke down and told me exactly what was happening to my dad and how bad it was. I didnt know what to do and spent the next couple of days thinking about it.

I didnt get another chance to talk to my dad. I came home from my morning class a few days later, ate lunch and went downstairs to my bedroom. I found him hanging from the ceiling in one of the basement rooms.
I lost the little bit of self esteem I had left that day. I hate myself for the way I treated him. Ive spent countless hours going over the last couple of months he was alive, connecting all the dots of his downward spiral that I watched but didnt realize at the time what was happening.
I cant stop blaming myself for what happened, thinking that my conversation about going to school pushed him over the edge. I wish instead of telling him how much money I needed for school I would have hugged him. 

The 5 years since this has happened have been filled with mood swings, uncontrollable outbursts of anger, and suicidal urges.
Some days I'm unable to eat. I've quit every job I've had after alienating all my co-workers. Some days I dont have any will to continue."
"All i can think is why am I doing this? I know the reason: other people. I don't want to destroy my family; not yet anyway. I thought I would at least hang on until my younger sister finishes her final year in school. But then I don't want to mess up college for her. So maybe I would hold out another 4 years or so after that? But I fucking hate life, I hate living every day. Everything has got steadily worse with time - mostly my mental state. I'm not saying nothing good has every happened, but there's no point when you literally cannot enjoy anything. I was numb for a few months last year. I don't think I'm numb now, because I do cry sometimes. But I can't feel any happiness. I'm out with my boyfriend and he tells me he feels so 'blissfully happy' at that moment. All the time I feel a constant weight and never feel joy. 

But yeah, I hold on. And get guilt tripped by by mental health team for a suicide attempt - 'what about your sister?' You think I haven't thought of that? Anyway, they discharged me because I would say they were frustrated by two years of getting nowhere. The anti depressants that I tried just brushed off me, I never even got side effects. Therapy didn't do a lot for me either, I would be willing to try it again but I can't afford it at the moment.

I look into my future and see nothing worthwhile, just more of this only with ageing. I can't really see this lifting; don't tell me to go look at the sunset because I feel nothing."
"I *should* be happy right now.  I did all sorts of cool things in high school, I got great grades, had tons of friends, got a perfect score on the verbal part of the SAT (fuck yeah!).  I went to a great college and studied what I love (math, chemistry, biology).  I finished a double major in 4 years and graduated with honors.  I married the girl of my dreams, and now she's pregnant with our first child.

What I didn't realize is that my degrees didn't qualify me for any job at all, so I'm stuck doing some bullshit job for $13/hr.  I pay a quarter of my income to student loans, and spend 40 hours per week rotting in front of a computer screen performing monotonous and unrewarding tasks.  My brain is dying to be active but there's nothing for it to do.  I can put forth ""effort"" (not that it matters) or I can browse Reddit at work all day, it doesn't change my performance one bit.  It's not healthy, and it has basically erased my will to live.  If it paid better it might be more tolerable, because I could at least know that I was financially secure and I could someday retire and leave it all behind me, but I don't think even that will cut it.  It's slowly driving me insane.  I no longer care whether I'm alive or dead, and I'm afraid that thoughts of actual suicide are not far off.

I'm not asking you how to find a better job.  If I wanted that, I'd go to /r/jobs.  I'm basically stuck where I am; every grad school I've looked at wants brand new letters of recommendation from my professors, but I've already asked them and they don't feel comfortable writing one anymore because I was in school years ago and they don't think it would be very accurate.  So I can't apply to grad school, and no matter how much I hear about the existence of jobs that only need a BS in math I can't find any.

I've accepted my fate of working an un-stimulating job and leeching off family to survive for the rest of my life.  I've come to terms with the fact that my (apparent) intelligence and work ethic aren't going to save me.  I just need to know how to cope with it before I become suicidal.  Help me out here.  Please."
Everyday I feel as if I am dreaming.  I feel like I'm floating around.  I cross the street wondering if I'll be fun over.  I once couldn't sleep because the fire alarm went off and I worried about CO in the air.  I slipped in the shower and almost hit my head.  I dropped a knife and almost stabbed myself with it.  Every time I take a bath I wonder if I'm going to hit my head and drown.  When in the forest I wonder if the trees will finally die and land on my head.  I'm just very sleepy I guess.
"I keep posting here...this is my fourth time now. Each time I'm in a place where I think I've hit the end of the line. Each time I have a plan and I think that I've made peace with my decision to leave this place.

Obviously something has happened to change my mind in those past circumstances, yet here I am again in this all too familiar situation.

I've inched closer and closer each time though. The plan becomes a bit more refined. The letter I'm writing gets a bit longer and more complete. The idea of it all feels more concrete...more correct.

So will I go through with it this time? If the past is any indication, then I guess I'd have to answer no....but even if I decide to hang on for just a little while longer, my fate is already sealed. My time is growing shorter. I'm one step closer to what I consider to be inevitable. If this post isn't my last, then the next one (or the next one, or the next one) most certainly will be.

It's only a matter of time..."
"In a nutshell:

* My mother almost died of a heart attack this year.
* I lost my grandmother this year. We were close.
* I lost my girlfriend soon after for reasons I can't understand.
* I've watched all my friends abandon me.
* No girl wants to date me.
* I've failed on what was a promising diet and healthy living initiative.
* I'm broke, failing school, I've got a mountain of debt (hosptal bills, school, loans). Not even the first job option.

I've been to the doctor before a few times. I'm diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder. A few years ago I had it all going for me. I was living on my own, I had a good job and hot girlfriends. I had tons of friends and I was fucking happy. It's like I had reached the top of a mountain and slipped, now I'm falling to my death.

I can't even get one girl (out of 15) to respond to a message I sent on OKCupid. I can't even get ONE job to call me back, even though I was a supervisor at a fortune 50 company. I finally get asked to a party last night and I didn't go because I don't even have the motivation to pretend like I'm happy anymore. I'm realizing that I'm too intellectually inadequate to achieve the degree I want, which is what I've always considered the one thing I want to do with my life.

I can't do this anymore. I never wanted to post in this subreddit. I never thought that I would get this far. No longer do I think about the future with me in it. I wonder instead what's going to become of certain people when I'm gone? Who will I be hurting the most?

I'd say I hit rock bottom, but I thought I was there last year. Now I WISH I was where I was last year. 

**Edit:** My mom got rushed to the hospital this morning. She didn't look good, very out of it. I feel like everything is falling apart."
"Hi. I'm 19 and I've been depressed for many years. 

This story I've only told my doctors and my parents. My parents didn't believe it. They said I was making excuses for sleeping too much, missing school, not being helpful around the house and all that. My mom actually kicked me out of the house before she realized that may have been her worst decision in life yet. 

Early January this year Reddit ruined my sanity. I had the subreddit 'science' on the front page, and read a headline (which I've since been utterly terrified of even thinking about) about how the world was going to end real soon. This is not the first of it's kind, I've had many scares like this when I was younger, but this one felt way more real. For some weird reason I trusted this all too well, I believed that this was going to happen. Very soon, very fast, and it was going to be horrible. Not just for me, for every single human being. 

I don't remember very much what happened immediately after that. A part of me knew that this was wrong information, but for some reason I couldn't convince myself of that. I remember calling my girlfriend, waking her up, telling her I needed to be with her right now. That I was not okay. I also told my parents that I needed to see a psychologist or a psychiatrist real soon, I was not okay. 

I drove fast, very fast, and once I was finally in my girlfriend's bed the initial shock was over and I just started crying. I thought about every child alive, every person I've known, every single person alive, good or evil - how they were all going to be dead, any minute now. I kept visualizing for months how it would happen. 

I called the suicide / depression hotline, and talked to a person there. A young girl. She could not help, unfortunately. 

Next few days I was in panic attacks, only allowing myself to read the main news websites here in this country. That's actually the only thing I did for the next few weeks. I had to know if there was any chance of this being real. I was in contact with my psychologist and psychiatrist who could reassure me for a few hours after each phone call. I had panic-attack pills which would promptly put me to sleep if I was so afraid I couldn't keep myself calm. 

I never heard of anything about this end of the world anywhere since. I even (before I went to my girlfriend's house that night) read the Reddit comments about the headline, somebody who was highly voted asked people to keep pseudoscience like this out of the /r/science... 

I was diagnosed with anxiety at first, when I pointed out to my doctors it's way more likely I have post-traumatic stress disorder they agreed. The anxiety diagnosis didn't make sense in any way to me, I've had anxiety for all my life and this was not it. This was much more severe. I was afraid to go outside, to even look outside. Every single bright light in the night sky scared the ever living shit out of me. It still does. This is why I'm here. 

The days gradually got longer during the summer, and I worried less and less, maybe because of the time that passed, maybe because I didn't have to see the stars (sun shines 24 hours/day during the summer here). I even completely forgot about it. Right now I *know* the world isn't going to end, but there are still some demons on my shoulder making my life worse and worse. 

The days are getting shorter, it's dark outside and the stars still frighten me. I'm on medication, which help less and less. I get anxious looking at the stars. This whole event has been reminding me, in a very depressing way about my mortality almost every single day. 

You know that sinking feeling you sometimes get when you think about death which makes you avoid thinking about it? Yeah, that's basically what I have more and more of. A week ago **this** hit me: If I am going to die, why not do it now? I'm fairly sure it'll not be *that* bad. If I do it now i'll save myself years of worrying like this. 

There are a million things that stand in the way of me killing myself. It's not likely it will ever happen unless something goes very wrong. But just in case, I don't want to be in these thoughts. I want them to be far away. I'm protected by my family and friends now, but I might not be once I move out and finish school. I don't want to be in a dangerous place. Is there anybody that can give me advice on how to deal with this again? 

Please keep in mind, death - and end of the world scenarios are a very sensitive subject since this happened, if you're replying, please bring them up carefully - and I'd appreciate a warning (in PM for example) if there's some comment to this thread meant to frighten me. I'm afraid I might be stupid enough to believe some shit like that. It's not worth the risk. "
"I feel like I destroyed her even more. At least that's how it looks like right now. Is it true? Am I confused? She threw me out of the house. I know she was not serious. I know she threw me out because she couldn't manage her feelings. I was not right with her. But still, I can't endure this situation any longer. The bad moods. The depression. Her constant hate about all the little stuff I like.

I don't feel well. She's a mess right now. I called her mother. I called the police. I called her friends. All because I can't be there for her. Not anymore. I had to leave. I had to. She made me feel violent even though I have never had those feelings about anyone before. 

**Edit:** Thanks to all for the comments. For some reason, comments like this coming from strangers feel even better than those from people near me. At least I know you guys are objective about my situation. "
"Here I am. 

Got to thinking. No one thinks much of me. I slept around and earned the reputation of whore. Was I a nice girl? No. Not at all. Just downright mean, awful and selfish. A drunk. A promiscuous, drunk slut. Now, no one will have me except men looking for a quick fuck and run. 

A laughing stock. An idiot. A dork. A bitch. A loser. A fuck-up. 

Everyone in my life is abandoning me. History repeats itself, yet again.

Left with nothing. I wish I had the courage to jump off a bridge.

I thought sex meant something. It doesn't. It's cheap. I'm cheap. 

My way of thinking was so ridiculous, it doesn't make any sense. 

I thought I was a liberal 21st century woman. In reality, I'm a pathetic, insecure, 10-lb overweight psycho. A girl just aiming to get back at her dad. A girl fucking for validation. A girl fucking for nothing. Just an empty shell of a person. Not even a person. An animal.

I always thought I wasn't a whore because I had feelings. Not true. Whores have feelings too...it's just that no one cares about them. 

Maybe I wouldn't have become such a slut if I ever had someone to care for me or care about me. Oh, but too bad, so sad. Buck up or shut up. That's what I intend to do because once a whore, always a whore. It's something I will never shake. 

I have to live in fear of running into someone who knows. 

 I used to think I was invisible. No one ever noticed. No one cared. Quickly forgotten. I could do what I wanted because nothing I did mattered to anyone.

Well, I was wrong. They didn't care, but they knew and they got a good laugh. And no one ever had the gall to tell me. Now that I'm aware of this, I don't want to leave my house. For fear that I will run into someone...regardless of what they think - I will always be paranoid. I will always be scared. I will always be the person that I am. Not the person I knew inside, but the person the world saw. The poverty-stricken, fat, sad, dirty whore. Pity me. That's all people do. Now I'm aware of what a pathetic piece of shit I am, it's not worth it to live. 

I am branded. For life. Even if I leave and go somewhere new...I will always be afraid. I can never trust myself because I am addict. 

It doesn't get better. We get older. We get uglier. We get fatter. We get sick. 

I'm laying here angry wishing I had the courage to slit my own throat. 

""If it's so bad, then why don't you take up a new hobby or go do something crazy like move to Argentina!""

No. The world will fuck me every chance it gets. I am weak. I am a runt. If we were not living in civilization, I'm sure I would have been killed as a child. 

My self-loathing is palpable. I can't form new relationships. Unless, of course, it's a man who can see my low self-esteem and see me as a target. I'm so dumb and desperate I will fall for anything. I will sleep with a man, fall in love instantly and then be berated for being a filthy, worthless whore. 

I agree. I don't cook. I hardly clean. 

I don't care anymore. I don't want children. I just want to die. I have nothing in me to offer this world. It's too late. People will never forget that I am just a cocksucker. 

Fuck my life.

"
"Anyone who needs a drink and an ear just let me know.
I'm an orthodox jew 30 married with 2 kids.
I've been there and done that. 
PM me"
"Do you think it's had a negative impact on your life or future? Do you think of what it would be like if they were in your life today? If so, why is this important to you?

On a personal note, it is unfortunate I have a inclusive lack of understanding for anything emotional or objectifiable. I reflect upon the actions of myself and others that are impelled by this impulse of the human nature and notice only greed. Only an idealist can find merit in this covetous behavior; clinging to the subconscious hope that this will propel themselves further into their reward ideology. I consider myself not depressive; simply, without logical understanding of this adventure we call destiny. I do not look forward to survival, money, a relationship, personal satisfaction and sadly my beloved daughter. I firmly believe the experiences in life are merely stepping stones to gain a full understanding and appreciance for the last moments before sentience is lost. In those moments, the purpose of your life will proudly show itself.

tl;dr maybe I'm just crazy.."
"I really cant afford therapy but I would really appreciate it if any redditor here is willing to listen to me. I don't feel comfortable posting chunks of texts about depressed pathetic me so I would rather PM anyone interested.      
Edit: Ill start PM'ing those interested.
"
"I have been a shut-in living with newly divorced mom since July-Oct 10.  Mostly been playing games on the PC until I got persuaded to resume drug treament.  Great psychiatrist, I love him.

My pschatrist had just prescribed me Lorazepam for my anxiety and back pain. ( addionally take prozac, seroquel, lamictal ) He said I should  take 1-2 .5mg lorazepam per day when I felt I needed it.  SO, I decided take between 2, 6, or 8 of them total, am not sure, to feel a max effect or high.  Oh and since it was Friday I played some drunk heroes of newerth (but only one shot) From that point on I have little memory of what transpired.  I wake next evening in a room with padded walls at my local hospital.  I told them I thought I had taken up to 8 pills they called me a liar to my face and said 30 where missing.  I had no answer for that and when I counted them back at home, sure enough 30 missing.

My main question is, how many people do have suicidal urgings but couldn't act on them BUT my take risks that might potentiality kill themselves.

Was I trying to commit suicde?  I an looking forward to the next episode of MadMen and feeling less depressed.  I was looking forward to getting a job, getting a girlfriend.  One of the nurses was reading my file and asked about Brown University.  I would like to finish my degree.

This is the first overdose situation I have had and seemed involuntary.  How can I trust to take my own medication safely? tips?"
"Hello SuicideWatch,

I'm a 26 year old male. I'm a computer programmer by trade, but over the past 6 months have experienced a deterioration in my wrists due to god knows what. I went to a doctor who ran a test that let me know it's not carpal tunnel, but refuses to see me again until I can pay the $1100 I owe him. Because I'm unable to work, I'm being laid off this Friday.

I also suffer from bipolar manic depression. I was medicated many years ago, but haven't been on anything besides marijuana for a while. Lately, because of everything happening, my mood swings have become more and more drastic. This morning I felt like the most powerful man in the world (manic stage) but tonight I feel worthless. I've studied computers my whole life (wrote my first program at 4) and it feels like everything I've worked for is out of my reach.

I'm losing the pointless health insurance I had, and my doctor won't write a letter stating I'm unable to work. I'm married and the thought of not being able to provide for my wife just depresses me more.

To top it all off, all the friends and family I've supported through their troubles (depression, drug addiction, etc) are nowhere to be found, or telling me to ""look on the bright side"". I feel very little support.

I need help. Specifically medical help that I don't know how I'll ever get. I haven't wanted to kill myself in a long time but I can feel that creeping feeling coming back. I'm not sure why I'm posting this, but there's nobody else who will listen to my diatribe.

Please don't tell me it will get better, or that I'll never know what tomorrow brings. Blind optimism in the future is pointless. If there are resources out there to help people in my position then I'd love to hear them. If you're going to reply just to say ""Pick your head up, it will definitely get better"" please go try to help somebody else. It's not going to help me and it may change their mind.

Oh, and I'm out of my herbal medication at the moment too. I'm pretty sure it's at least mildly related."
"Hi. This is a throwaway.

I feel like I shouldn't be unhappy. I have a job. I have money. I have an education. But at the same time, I feel completely unloved. I'm 22. None of my love has been ever returned. I feel like I think too much, too deep, for anyone to care. I'm agnostic, I don't care about money, I've denounced truth, love, friendship. I keep telling myself - I don't owe anyone anything, and nobody owes me.

I feel incredibly weak. Other people that are depressed have actual issues - I have jackshit. Yet here I am again, drunk and cutting myself just to feel SOMETHING. Nothing is real. I have trouble believing anyone will ever be in the least happy to see myself alive, outside of my family, whom I don't hold contact with anymore.

Maybe its time to just end it. Write someone a text saying they should call the police and alert them there's been a suicide, and cut my wrists in my car. I've already started cutting myself to draw blood - the pain is nice, it makes me feel alive. I'm sure actually slicing myself to the point of bleeding to death isn't that far away, especially when I'm drunk as usual. Take a garbage bin with me just to make things nicer for the person who has to clean up this shit.

I don't wanna go into therapy. I don't wanna take antidepressants. I don't want to talk to the person I have a crush on about these things - they would label me as weird, and while maybe trying to support me through this shit, they'd still first thing - how the fuck do I get away from this psycho? I'm not a psycho. I've been fine for a while. I just cant' deal with the fact that no matter who I love, nobody ever loves me back. I pretend to be okay, I pretend to be strong and supportive and nice and funny. But daily I just think about how I want to go to my car and bleed to death. I thought this is normal - but now I've seriously hurt myself to the point where I'm going to have to wear long sleeve tomorrow just to hide this shit from other people. I am terrified of them finding out. I want to be part of it, and any sign of weakness will make me an outcast.

That's the last thing I want. I just want to be loved."
"I won't go into the story, but basically I was moments away from death when a stranger driving by saved my life.

I obviously need help, I just don't know what to do.

No one in my life knows how depressed I am because... well, because for the most part, people who threaten to kill themselves/talk about being depressed usually do it for attention, and I don't want to be *that guy.*

I also don't want people to start giving a shit just because they think if they don't I'll kill myself... and then go back to not giving a shit once I'm ""better""

So, what the hell do I do? I know I need help... I really do... but I'm broke, I just can't afford therapy.

I don't know if any of what I just wrote makes any sense, I'm pretty tired and delirious..."
"Guys- thanks. I'm changing the message because I don't want it all up for everyone to see, but thanks. :)"
"I've been going to counseling now for at least 8 months and it has done jack squat.
I graduated over 2 years ago with a bachelors degree and still have no permanent job. I am down to working 2 retail jobs to barely make ends meat and get health insurance and a 3rd so that I can live closer to my jobs and to my ""friends"" if you want to call them that. The main job makes me feel even more cruder then I already beat myself up to be. I just don't care anymore if I die because I can't afford my life-saving medicine from not having health insurance. There are so many smarter or more experienced people getting jobs that I am never gonna get a real career job.
I am so sick of feeling like shit all the time. All the people around me say ""it will get better"" but it's just been going downhill for years and not looking up at all. I am sick of seeing everyone else around me successful or in good relationships and me with a broken family because of my brother committing suicide 7 years ago and all my ""friends"" only give a crap about me when I am to the point of being suicidal and then once that's gone they go back to their happy lives and leave me in the dust.
I don't even know if God hears me anymore, I call myself a Christian but I don't see why I have to go through all this crap.
I just can't take it anymore. And I don't want just another pity party and then be forgotten about again. I am sick of this roller coaster of a life and want to just pull the plug since I am never gonna feel loved.

I just don't know what else to do. Counseling is no help, they can't give me happy pills because of other health conditions, and I have no good reason to live on miserably and just growing in debt with no more light at the end."
"No matter what happens, I care about you. I want to hear your problems, I want to help. I think you matter and honestly, to the girls out there, you ARE beautiful and to the boys, there is a girl for you. I know what its like to be in your place. To have someone blame you for everything wrong in your life, to be told you're fat or ugly every day so you start to actually believe it. They're wrong. High school ends, College ends, eventually you have to realize to live for yourself. Not for everyone else."
"What's wrong? Everything. Unemployed for over a year and not even looking for work as I eat away at my small savings and chain smoke inside my utterly filthy studio apartment remembering my clean condo and happy marriage before I cheated and I left him for a coworker at the job I was good at before I was fired, as I start my day waking mid-afternoon with the shakes from drinking every night trying to act normal when my landlord calls to say 'hey' because the neighbors are concerned I died because my shoes haven't moved from my door in over a week, again because I avoided everyone for so long they don't even bother calling anymore. I only leave the house to buy food, booze, smokes and kitty litter. I need to take my cat to a non kill shelter but I am too lazy, plus he is all I live for. I am terrified. Every second I am alive I am frozen in fear. I want out.

Edit: I am having trouble finding words. I never expected to get a reply, much less all of your sincere and kind words in an hour. I am...flooded with emotion. It's like I am remembering how to feel and exist and it's very strange and powerful. I now realize posting here was actually doing something good for myself, which I haven't been letting myself do for so long.  I want to reply personally to you posters but first I need to stop crying. You have truly touched me, which I never expected, as I posted just to get the words out of my head. Thank you so much.

Edit 2: 2 hours later and now I am really embarrassed. I never thought I would post here, I did it on a whim because I have begun giving things away or tossing in the garbage. I was put in rehab twice as a young teen for attempted suicide. I have never talked to anyone in my adult life about this, (I will be 31 soon) and seeing it out there makes me feel like a coward and a child. I do appreciate all the kindness though, I really do, even though I honestly feel like I don't deserve it.

Edit 3: After lots of crying and lots of thinking I am exhausted and going to try to read and lay down, so I am sorry if I don't respond to any new posts. Again, thanks for caring about me, and people like me, and my cat. I'll check back and if I feel bold, I may even send a PM or two.

**Edit**: 2nd day. I stumbled across [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fpI2PPRAM4) today and I felt like I had a heart attack. This is me, and your responses to me, like, in song. I hope you listen. [lyrics](http://www.songlyrics.com/the-antlers/wake-lyrics/) Thank to you, I don't feel so alone. I feel eternally grateful."
"It's going to be a throwaway account. 

Tbh feel pretty dwarfed at all the post's i've read on here. but need to just say it anyway, doesnt really matter if anybody reads it or not.

Since 5 years old onwards i changed moods really quickly. on birthdays i'd go from really happy to crying for no particular reason. it seems there are constant voices in my head, some are just saying your an idiot why are you down seriously you have nothing to be down about. seriously i want these voices to stop taken this far enough to knock myself out various times, i'm needing to know whats going on in my head. when im happy i'm top of the world nothing could get me down, then 10 mins later the world just seems like it's full of shit, tbh atm my mind is at what i call self help zone, im only 17 but i feel i shouldnt be changeing moods this drastically and i shouldnt have been like this since i was 5? 

I'm probably incredibly wrong and nothing will be the matter but i just don't give one anymore and wondering what the point in life is.

Edit: very much aware im at a young age many opportunities ect. but heard that a thousand times and saw it split my parents up as they believed the same bull. i want to push myself in life but so many pople seem wrapped up in there own bull, so many post on reddit and people on it have made me have some hope but then day to day i see so little kindness makes me just wonder why people live when they hate eachother so much"
"today is National Evaluate Your Life Day... seriously... look it up.

On my ride home from work today (bike commuter) I had a small incident with my bike that ended up with my shoelace getting snagged and me falling over along with my bike into the busy street. In a position that most people would just stare at me with their best trollface, a woman ran out from the sidewalk and stood in front of traffic to protect me.

In all honesty, I was in no danger... but in an instance where most people think ""what a moron"", this woman thought ""I should help him"". This sentiment is rarely shared nowadays. I was browsing SW earlier today before my commuting incident, and after the incident I decided that if anyone should need it, I'll be there to help you today.

Just reply here or PM me."
"I have struggled for so long with the idea of suicide, with my horrible depression, and after having my life fall apart, I barely managed to get it back on track. 

I thought the traditional advice was sound and decided to follow through on it as much as I could. Help yourself, exercise, get out there, be productive, find a hobby. I did all these things. School, I managed to get a 4.0 GPA for my first full time semester back; I exercised and ate well; as I said, I spent time with people; I started being more active with creating music and playing the guitar. 

And yet I still can't remember the last time something good actually happened. I can't remember the last bit of news that made me smile rather than worry. I try my best. Sincerely, I do. And I allowed my hopes to get raised once again. I had long thought that hope's only function is to have those hopes be crushed and have it hurt even more, and it feels that way now, as well. 

As I walked home from the bus stop after school, I realized I was truly crushed, truly defeated. And the only thing I can think about now is dying alone in my room. I write this with tears welling in my eyes as I had managed to fool myself into sincerely believing life was worth living for a time, and it is worse pain than ever before to see the truth. 

I tried. What more could I do?"
"Hey, so were do I begin.  Right now I am feeling extremely close to attempting to commit suicide.  I have been seeing a Therapist for close to 1 year with no real progress at all.  I have OCD, Depression, and Borderline Personality Disorder.  I am prescribed medication, but I really don't take it mainly because it just doesn't seem to help.  I have started self-harming again, and I see myself ending up dead soon.  The past 3 years I have been hospitalized 4 times for my mental health issues, and I don't want to go back to one.  I am slowly getting worse with each passing day, and I don't see myself getting better.  Lately, I have just been thinking about suicide all the time.  I just can't handle the thoughts that the OCD give me.  I just don't want to live anymore because of these intrusive thoughts as they cause my great distress but I don't show it so no one knows what is happening.  I don't trust anyone, so I don't have anyone to talk to about this.  I have stopped going to therapy because it is just pointless.  I need help but I don't see anything helping me get better no matter what I do.

I don't think I will be alive much longer :("
"I always would think about those three little birds, the impact that I could have upon them.  Whether or not you want to believe it, everyone impacts the world.  Take time to observe nature, give some ducks some bread, feed a stray cat, every little bit helps.  Improving upon the external world, however small a gesture, will improve upon your own internal world.  I used to look at songs like this with disdain and think ""why can't I be happy like that?""  One day I just went out and sat in the park with some birdseed and fed the birds.  Their cheerful chirping and bouncing around made me smile, however faint.   I looked up, still smiling and met eyes with another person, and they smiled back at me.  I now like to think happiness is contagious, a sort of wonderful disease.  No matter how dark the night gets the morning will always come.  Be there for that morning, meet it with a forced smile if necessary, but then at least give that smile one last chance.  

[If at first you don't succeed, try, try again](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LanCLS_hIo4)

* Edit: I failed at linking the song correctly the first time around but Reddit, like life, is full of second chances. "
"I cannot sleep.

I cannot eat. 

I cannot go to school without wandering ""why bother"".

I walk past happy couples and wander why not me?

I remember the first day of my depression, the day my dog died over 5 years ago. Since then I have not known what happy is nor do I see myself every being it. My health is shit, my brain is fucked, my life sucks. I am broke as shit reached for help and been smacked down. Asked for a sign and been shit on. Wandering through my life as a nobody, someone hows just there for a shoulder to cry on only to be ditched as soon as the next one comes along. Why run through life as dip shit, half assed, screw up. I hold my friends back, I walk in meaningless shadows of idols. I have no direction in life. Fuck it all, no gives a fuck about me. and to reddit, you give out a helping hand, but lets be honest i dont know you, you say you care about me but you really dont know me. Thanks for listening but what goes through your mind when you think of me?

I have no energy to make my life any better, all hope is as lost as I am. When will some relief come. Fuck it all. We all know life sucks and things never go perfect and i would never expect half that. I ask for one minute of happiness and have yet to know what its like. A random smile for no reason even. Im not crazy, I know what is selfish, I know what is right. But still how can anyone live a meaningless life and have any hope of being happy. I would to be the male version of Oprah minus all the cash. Giving people what they want giving them a chance at what I can't seem to have. 

People just dont get me and I know they never will, how could they? No one wants to hear whats on my minf, but why should they I walk through life a scarecrow to women, and a punching bag to men. Im the stone they step on to make them selves feel better, Im the shit at the bottom of the outhouse. Lifes degenerate. So many nights a pull my hair out knowing I am forgetting some mundane detail about my day. My boss is a dick yet i cant quit, otherwise i would have to drop out of school, but I work too much to be able to study any sufficient amount of time, and if i dropout there goes my loan, and my gpa is far too low to get back in to school. Ill be in debt forever. My health is shit, Im 20 fucking years old and i need fucking heart surgery before Im 25 because one of my valves is completely shut while another is severely leaking. I have no positive quality that any sane woman would ever find attractive and am thoroughly convinced i will die alone at a young age. No posts are necessary, nothing ever is. Why should I expect anything from anybody? So many nights ive stayed after class, hoping to understand what the hell the teacher was talking about. Nothing ever clicked the very fact that i even got into college is sure to baffle even the smartest valedictorian. Ive always been below the 90% mark in my school. How can someone be happy when they are dumb as shit. Or when the car they bought for twice its worth keeps breaking down. You know your up shit creek when even a psychologist teacher says ""Damn"". Fuck it all to hell, why bother give the effort to breathe when ""friends"" constantly pick at every little thing wrong with your being. 

I doubt if a girl even did like me that I would have the balls to try to make things work. I cant do anything right, and why should I think that I do. if i had a dollar for everytime i was proved off, I could pay off the national debt ten fold. ""Dumbass, fuckface, cocksucker, dipshit, goodfornothing, assclown, fucktard, bitchass"" These might as well be the name on my nametag, i get called this more than my actual name. And to Reddit, dont bother sending a PM, this is a throwaway. Nothing you can say will make me feel better. I often try to think of people who have it worse than me, which yes obviously some, probably not many in the US though, and thats what gets me. I dont want to sound ignorant but this is America and our standard of living is higher than almost anywhere else. Yet i feel as though i could be doing better in a tribe in Africa. Corporate America has shit all over me, people need to understand, its not what a person looks like, and its not whats on the inside either for the ignorant assholes who try to make me feel better by saying that. Its about how much shit you can take before you give up....well i give up. Life- your a bitch you win, fuck it all, fuck me. Fuck everything, fuck my boss, fuck my shitty car, fuck my pathetic excuse for a life, FUCK. Damn it, i used to be religious but how can i believe in anything when prayers go unanswered for years, when family doesnt want to know you. When even other ugly people are disgusted by your face. Fuck me, fuck it, why this shit happens everyday, I never get a break, no sign of pity. Bills pile up with no way to pay them and no one to help figure shit out. To broke for a therapist not to mention take a girl out on a date if one even did say yes. I recently made a list of all the positives in my life. I didnt get one. I made a list of all the negatives in my life and it was two columns, double sided two pages, college ruled paper by the way. I can think of an excuse not to try but not one to better myself. The truth is nothing i can say will ever be worth shit and nothing you can say will change my mind. Fuck everything. Sometimes i wish i was mentally insane so i wouldnt have to block out reality my brain would do it for me. Even the girl im texting right now, trying to calm me down is being passive with one word texts trying to get me to stop talking to her. Well lets see where the night takes me. 

**TL;DR**:I don't care if you didn't read it. 

**Edit:** As far as hobbies go, I used to like mountain biking before my bike broke. To poor to buy a new one. I wanted to join the Army but got denied because of my heart conditon. That was my back up to dropping out of school. For right now, I plan on finishing this semester, then I am allowed to take a semester off so Im going to work my ass off for 3 months and take the final two months of the semester buy a bike, and bike across with US (East to West) ill get a tent and sleep on the side of the road travelling as light as possible. If i run out of money ill try to find a place that I can work at for a week or so to get some cash. I know it may be a shitty plan but its something ive wanted to do since I was a kid. Maybe ill find something better along the way. Theres nothing for me here. If I die along the way at least I would have tried.

"
"Having had a lot of depression and suicidal thoughts when I was younger, here are some things I learned, they helped me a lot, so I hope they help you too....

First, how to deal with situations and life problems is not something we are born with, but something takes training just like any other skill. In a proper environment, people learn most of those skills from their close ones at a young age, and carry that on into adult life.   However, some people slip through the cracks, and others were not raised in a proper environment, and so that knowledge was never passed on.  Some of the skills needed to overcome serious depression are:


**Assertiveness:**  Many people who suffer from depression have a hard time letting the world know how they feel about things, and so the world walks all over them not knowing all the things that piss them off or hurt them.   Sometimes this takes the form of never expressing feelings, but other times it takes the form of expressing feelings in extreme ways, or in sudden unexpected bursts ... often leading to more harm than good.   The point is, that most of the time the people around them don't know how they feel about things, and so never have the chance to act in a way that is thoughtful of them causing them to become angry and depressed.

The key to assertiveness is to understand that there is no such thing as a bad feeling, but there is such a thing as bad choices.   Expressing feelings should never include insults, and never include violence, but just words.   It should take a form like ""I feel X, when you did/do Y"" or ""I feel X, because it reminded me of Y""  It should be non judgemental, and non accusatory, but just say how you feel.   Angry, happy, sad, frustrated, furious, and so on.  It is your way of letting the world know how you feel, and nothing else, not a judgement, not an insult, not an accusation.   

Sometimes expressing feelings like happiness at a funeral is inappropriate, but with loved ones and people who you want to be close to you there is almost no such thing as expressing an inappropriate feeling.  Usually it's a judgement thing, and that takes practice as well.   

For people who come from a difficult situation, expressing appropriate feelings does not come naturally and takes lots of practice.   Expressing feelings will feel abnormal to them, strange, and way out of place.   Sometimes being on medication to control the brains biochemical reaction helps while they get counselling to re-train them how to express feelings appropriately.  The point is that it can take up to 10 years for a person to feel comfortable with expressing themselves, and there will likely be lots of mistakes made in the process, during that time you must learn to forgive your mistakes, which brings us to ...

**Forgiveness:**  Forgiveness does not mean accepting that the wrong that another person did was ok, or that every bad you have done is good.  It means trusting and understanding that there are some injustices that you can not solve and that things will work out better if you just let go and move on.   Depressed people should practice heavy forgiveness on themselves and others, especially in situations where they fail to be or can't be assertive.  However, forgiveness should not be used as a replacement to not setting boundaries ...

**Boundaries:**  Boundaries implicitly accepts the truth that you have free will, and you don't always have to do what others want you to do, or expect you to do.  Sometimes people will react harshly to that, at which time the appropriate thing to do is be assertive about your feelings and to be forgiving like as mentioned above.   When setting boundaries, understand that you have free will and you have control over your life, and when choosing to do something or not to do something, you need not be harsh, rigid, or aggressive about it, you just need to decide.  


The skills above will not overcome all depression, and in fact some depression like grief over the death of a loved one is normal and human.  Also, if you set boundaries and express feelings to a person in your life, and they continue to attack you and refuse to change their behaviour, then sometimes there is no other option than to remove yourself from the abuse.   Remember, it often takes a long time for people to retrain themselves, and even longer to feel comfortable with that retraining, so in the meantime go easy on yourself and don't give up when you make mistakes.  Remember, people will not always like how you feel, or the boundaries you set, sometimes that requires a lot of patience and forgiveness.   

Hope that helps.
"
"Dear reddit, for months I have been silently watching and reading, using reddit as one of my few sources of relief from crippling anxiety and depression. Sometimes I would feel fine for a few days and then any random thing would spiral me into a deep depth of hopelessness. After weeks, no-months, of almost randomly becoming immobile and nonfunctional,  I finally decided to find a shrink. Imagine my pain when their assistant called the day before the appointment and canceled on me. Days later I found myself in another hours long panic attack with shooting chest pains and sky high blood pressure. Finally I hauled myself to a local University's free/cheap counseling clinic. An hour later a therapist (phd) had me calmed down enough to assure me that this could be dealt with. That was yesterday. Today I got my prescriptions for xanax and a ptsd med filled and had the first normal-feeling day in, in I don't even know anymore. I saw a post a few minutes ago saying that /r/suicidewatch has been flooded lately and was inspired to finally make an account for the 1st time ever. THERE IS HOPE OUT THERE. Sometimes you need to accept that maybe your body/brain chemistry has gotten a little messed up and you need other chemicals (the right, controlled ones) to ""reset"" you. Please don't give up hope. Thanks.

edit: Just wanted to say thanks for the support! Maybe more people could post positive stories about getting any helpful anything to encourage others who have been struggling. Thanks again!"
"I'm currently studying at USC. I have no method of transportation, but if you come to me, I can guarantee a as-much-as-you-want buffet dinner and a person to rant against. 

Give me a PM~"
"Ok. so, first off, this is a throwaway account. my best friend (""bff"" from this point on) isn't a redditor, but knows my username well enough to google it on occasion.  Please, if anyone who's reading this knows him, do not tell him that I'm asking for advice here, or sharing his situation.  I know for a fact that our friendship would suffer irreparably. 


BTW, let me know if this isn't the right place for this... it's the only subreddit I know of for this kind of thing.  Please redirect me if the redditors somewhere else could be of more assistance.



A little backstory:  bff and I are both 31, gay, and have known each other for about 10 years.  We are not now, have never been, and will never be romantically or sexually involved with one another.  For the 11 years we've known each other, we lived together for about 8, and our relationship is essentially that of very close siblings.  His home life was awful, and he left there at 16, has no current relationship with his family at all, and has been living with various asshole friends ever since.  He's now living about an hour away from me with his boyfriend, who is 41, was once married to a woman (has been divorced for 8 years), and has a young child.  The boyfriend is pretty much a straight-acting guy, other than his love of antiques, not very emotional at all, still kinda closeted in daily life, and also a pretty raging alcoholic.  Their relationship started out pretty good, but has been in a steady state of decline for about the past 2 years.



So, last October, bff found out that his boyfriend was posting pics of himself on CL and had a profile on manhunt.  Bff decides to leave the house, and come stay with me for a night, just to get his head around things.  Boyfriend comes home from work, notices this, and then calls.  His excuse was essentially that he was doing these things to solicit pictures from people, who also just happened to live in the area.  There's a lot of crying, and a long conversation, and bff decides to go back and discuss this with him.  The issue has never been brought up again between the two of them, although I know he's been doing it since.  Their sex life has suffered to the point where they barely do it at all, all because boyfriend is satisfying himself either on webcam or in person with other people.



Last month, boyfriend ends up in the hospital with complications due to excessive drinking.  He spends the better part of 4 weeks totally incoherent, belligerent, and confused, due both to the illness, and to the drug cocktail they had to keep him on to prevent alcohol withdrawal issues.  Bff spends all his free time at the hospital (close to 10 hours per day), because he's the only one who can get boyfriend to behave and take his meds, and also, because he loves the bastard.  Boyfriend eventually regains mental coherence, and has absolutely no memory of the 4 previous weeks.  Does not know that bff was there *at all*.  He's still there, in fact, with a hospital acquired infection, and is under the assumption that the infection was the problem the whole time, and he can leave the hospital and drink again.



Now, over the past 6 weeks, I've seen my best friend in the world, my favorite brother, pretty much lose himself in all of this.  I try to visit 2-3x per week, just to make sure he knows someone gives a shit about him, but it's not enough.  He doesn't think anyone else will ever want him, still loves this guy, and would rather ""just not wake up"" than leave and start life over again.  He is convinced that he's ""not good at life, and sometimes those kind of people need to weed themselves out.""  I mentioned tonight that maybe he should find a therapist to talk to, but I was yelled at.  He literally thinks that nothing can be done for him, because with this guy, and with his life, his hopes and dreams of having his own real family will never be realized.  He says he wishes he could kill himself, but doesn't think he has the balls to do it.  I'm hoping with all my heart that he's right.



So, guys and gals of r/SuicideWatch... What the hell can I do?  I'm at my wit's end, but I'm the only person he'll talk to. He just wants me to let him go.  I can't.


******

**Edit**: thanks to everyone who's commented so far...please, keep them coming!

It's late here, and I'm going to try to get some rest.  I feel guilty about being able to sleep soundly, but I have to if I'm going to be dealing with this.  I look forward to responding to everyone else in the morning.


I've been a redditor for 3 years and counting, and I have to say, I really love you guys.  My appreciation for your willingness to take the time to comment here cannot be expressed."
[removed]
"... Most of us don't have any idea where we're going to be, exactly, 5 years from now.  Let alone 10 years, or 20 years.  So no matter how you are feeling right now, try to imagine your future self, completely removed from your current situation.  That person doesn't want you to commit suicide.  That person wants you to seek help, to overcome, to make it through what feels impossible."
"As an oft-depressed (clinically and existentially) person, I found this article very interesting. I assume that Reddit is full of people like myself, who are on the upper ends of the intelligence bell curve, and often suffer emotionally for it. [This article](http://www.giftedbooks.com/authorarticles.asp?id=7), while it doesn't actually present advice or assistance, usually reminds me that I am not alone. That, and the [it get's better project](http://www.itgetsbetterproject.com/) (which is true for all of us, not just the gays), puts me in a better state of mind. 

Thought I should share.

tl;dr if you, like me, find yourself existentially depressed, remember that you are not alone, and it does indeed get better."
"Since as long as  can remember, everything has been getting worse.  But now the metastases of misfortune that eat away at my life have become so absurd it's almost laughable.  I've recently become homeless, fell into sex work to pay grad school loans (which i dont inherently mind) but now i need to do just to eat (which i do inherently mind).  About a year ago i got out of an extremely emotionally and psychologically abusive relationship, and i have not been able to have a normal interaction/relationship with another man since. No one wants to bother it seems. Two of my friends killed themselves this past year. Another one attempted it. All women. My facade of compassion barely hides my rage and jealousy. I wish it was me.  Why do they get to when I've wanted to so badly? Why do I have to suffer on like this? What gives them the right, sitting so comfortable in their cul-de-sacs with their supportive partners, and their rich networks of friends?  I have to fight every day just to stay fed and housed--with zero support.  Oh, not to mention trying to write a dissertation and failing at it miserably.  When I'm alone I'm sleeping, when I'm awake and alone, I'm crying.  I'm really starting to scare myself, i'm afraid the tiniest little thing could just make me snap. the scariest thing is i'm not sure if i even care."
"It's been too long since I've felt truely happy in life. I'm decent at things, classes, a sport, hobbys, but never good enough. Just mediocre, better than an average person, but not good enough to be considered for the sports team, to be wanted as a first choice as a date, etc. 

Thoughts consume me. When I don't think about anything at all, my mind idles to thoughts of just not being alone, having someone there to wrap my arms around and such. And yet I can't seem to soothe or complete those thoughts.

I can't sleep without pills, and even then it's still a struggle. Trying to find something to just turn my mind off and get rid of the thoughts that are destryoing me enough to doze off to bed. 

I'm failing out of my classes, and while I have a job lined up for me in a few months after this semester, I just don't have the will. I don't want it to be like this and yet it's just too much of a struggle. I'm tired of being alone and not having anything to deal with. When I'm alone and can't sleep and can't find anyone to talk to, I get consumed with these thoughts of dying. 

I've tried a couple of counselors through my school ,and they haven't worked at all. I don't know what else to do about it. "
"First of all, I am not depressed, nor am I in any way, shape, or form, in an altered state of mind. I am, for all intents and purposes, as normal as I will ever be. This is about a life decision that I have to make. I simply do not have any other options.

Basically, I have concluded that I must kill myself in order to protect the rest of society. I have pretty classic Narcissistic Personality Disorder. I have a grandiose sense of self worth (think second coming of Jesus - I'm about to martyr myself for the betterment of all), I lack any form of empathy, and most importantly, I derive immense satisfaction from the exploitation of others - monetarily, sexually, you name it. It's not about retribution (as I routinely take advantage of strangers) or sadism (I don't get off on pain, and routinely fail to recognise its existence until the object begins crying/flipping out). It's about the feeling of power that I get from manipulating people to do what I want.

Anyway, the point is that at 21, I'm starting to get bored of the whole exploitation deal. Don't get me wrong, it's fun as hell being the master puppeteer, performing five act plays with the subtlety, finesse, and dexterity of a concert pianist, but sometimes you just want to mangle those puppets, you know? Hammer the fuck out of those keys until you start to bleed from the quicks of your fingernails. If you're still not getting it, I have the overwhelming urge to kill that I'm not going to be able to control for much longer.

It's not that I feel guilty about any of this. I am proud of my lack of empathy. I allows me to do things that everyone else is restrained from doing by the ridiculous mimetic jail cell that is morality. The problem is that in the case of murder, that jail cell is very much a reality, and there's no way I'm spending the rest of my life in prison or an asylum.

I don't really want to die, but the alternative is way worse. Can anyone honestly tell me not to do it?"
"I've been seeing my current therapist since I was 17... I'm 23 now. She knows so much about me, more than anyone else really. She's always been more of a friend than a therapist - we just sit and talk, from the most serious of subjects, to art, to the news, to the weather... anything really. She's even shared some stuff with me about her own life. She's been like a best friend and a mother all rolled into one for me. I'm one of the few patients that have her cell phone number. We text one another (she's very understanding of my anxiety over talking on the phone). Everything in my life has been falling apart, my relationships are unstable, and I'm not really functioning like a normal human being anymore. I dont work or go to school anymore. But... she's ALWAYS been there for me. She's been the most supportive and encouraging person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. She and I communicate the same way old friends would - I don't even need to have the right words all the time, because she just gets it. 

I'm supposed to be switching therapist within the next week or so. I'm supposed to start seeing someone at a place called Safe Horizons. This is terrifying for me. Not only will I have to get over all the anxiety of being around someone new and having to talk to someone I don't know or trust... I'll have to go back and retell things that I just would rather leave behind me or ignore. I mean, I know the whole reason I'm switching therapists is because I've ""hit the wall"" with my current therapy, and I need something new and more focused. 

My whole issue is that, I don't think I deserve or warrant the kind of intensive therapy this place provides. I mean... people who come here have dealt with some really serious traumas in their lives. I just had a shitty childhood and some not-so-nice experiences. I don't think I deserve to be there. I feel like, when I actually go ahead and talk about my ""traumatic"" experiences, they'll scoff and laugh and say ""things could have been so much worse"". I don't want to be told I'm not sick enough and be sent away. Although my current therapist thinks this is my best option.

I'm just having a really hard time letting go of my therapist, this woman I trust with every fiber of my being. Just the fact that I've come to trust her so immensely is mind-boggling. I don't trust anyone really. 

I just don't know what to do. I've been prolonging the phonecalls I'm supposed to be making for my intake at the new place, because I can't bear the thought of saying goodbye to her. She reassured me that, if for any reason I don't like that place or feel like I've gotten as much as I could from them, I could always come back to her. And I trust her enough to believe her. But... for the first time I really feel like I'm utterly alone. I'll be going into this new and nerve-wracking experience without having anyone to talk to about it. Thats when she said ""thats why you aren't allowed to talk to me while you're doing this. Because your new therapist should be who you talk to about all of this, scary things included. 

ugh.

When everything in life seems to fade away and disappoint and betray you, how can you let go of the one constant secure person you've had in your live for so long?

I don't know why I'm ranting here, I guess I just need some reassuring. Have any of you guy ever left a therapist you really truly liked or felt a connection with? How did you handle the transition? what are some things I should do/practice/chant repeatedly in my head that would maybe help me not completely meltdown when its time for me to say my goodbyes? My last session with her I ended up sobbing like a baby, especially when she said she felt like a ""mama bear"" and felt relieved at the seemingly wonderful care I will be getting at this new place. she even gave me a long motherly hug when i was a crying snotty mess. sigh.

just... i don't know. Any suggestions?

And yeah, i know theres supposed to be the whole proper ""therapist-patient"" relationship and boundaries etc. But she's never been a stickler for doing things the ""kosher"" way. She even offered to walk with me to work one morning to help with the anxiety, but i didn't want her to get into trouble lol. ugh god. I feel so pathetic, being so attached to my therapist. but seriously... why shouldn't i be?! I've told her everything, for years! 

ok, end of rant. any advice? "
"My grandmother has cancer, and I get panic attacks every time I think about her. My grandfather almost bled to death this week when an artery burst, and would have died if he hadn't woken up. I'm a senior in college and don't see anything going anywhere. I'm up at 4 fucking am trying to write a paper and can't make myself do it, even though it's due in eight hours. I'm in a dead-end relationship. My boyfriend is too in love with his work to consider a relationship with me after college. He has lied about it to try to make me feel better and not go insane, but I know what's true. 
I bought fish so I would have someone to talk to. It helped, but now one of them has pop-eye and the other has been so stressed (even though I have tried to hard to maintain good water quality and not overfeed and keep them in a quiet environment) that her eyes have turned black. If they die, I have no one left to talk to. I'm one of those people that people are hoping off themselves I think, since I'm consistently depressed now and can't really consider a happier option.
I wouldn't mind if someone talked to me. 
EDIT: this is my first post on Reddit. I've been lurking for a while. 

EDIT: good god i'm pathetic. sorry for wasting everyone's time. "
"I've been considering writing this for weeks, but it's a late night, I'm tired and I've considered what I'm going to say carefully. Here is an itemized list of why I am considering suicide as an option, as well as a little background.

**I have suffered from depression for years**. I have been depressed for as far as I remember, which probably puts it around 2002-2004. I have tried two different anti-depressants and was dissatisfied with the effects, as while people I know said I seemed happier, I didn't feel happier. I have also gone to therapy twice, but have felt it wildly ineffective, as I was 12 the first time I went, and the second time was earlier this year. I had just found a job and was quite excited about it, but more on that later.

**I can't forget anything**. I think of myself as a pretty nice guy, though I can be a total asshole, as well. For some reason, I can't remember any of the positive stuff that's happened to me, only the negative. I've also done some really bad shit in my life, in the name of puberty, that I'd like to forget, but can't. 

If you want to be objective, skip over this section. If you want to know the details, here they are: eight or nine years ago, I made out with my sister. In 2004, I molested my step-sister, though I doubt she remembers, as I haven't seen her since. Before you call the police, I was 14 at the time and would have fucked a table leg if I could have, and she was 11 or 12. Around 2002-2004 I also downloaded and watched and pleasured myself to child pornography, and I justified it to myself because I wanted to see kids closer to my own age in sexual situations.

I'm sure several people would want me to kill myself (or want to kill me themselves) based on this alone. I make no excuses today for any of these things happening, and I doubt anyone remembers. Still, I do.

**I really, really hate myself**. There is nothing about me that I really like. I grew up as the fat kid, and it doesn't take a scientist to figure out that all that teasing and name calling and generally hostility through 13 years of institutional study is going to emotionally cripple a person. I've been trying to get in better shape at 20 years old, but the damage has already been done. It's turned me into a cynical douchebag with no patience and anger issues.

**My life has no direction**. After high school I went to college for a year and a half before I dropped out/got kicked out. I didn't really care about any of my classes, so I was pretty much forced to take them. I left my university with a 0.89 GPA. I would (ironically) like to be a paramedic someday, but it seems so far away right now.

**I am pretty much unemployable**. I've been fired from every job I've ever had. In my entire working life I've probably only made $4000. I worked at a juice place in 2006 and was fired after a month for screwing up. In March, I worked at a hardware store and was fired after three weeks for dicking around. In May I worked at a clothing store and was fired after two months for unknown reasons. I recently tried to get a job at the radio station where I've volunteered for five years but they gave it to some jackoff who had only been there for two. Worse yet, my mother also lost her job (I live with my family) and so my sister has been using all her income to pay the bills (even though she only works at most 16 hours a week for minimum wage). *I have been unemployed for three months and I hate it*.

**I suck at being social**. If I could afford to do so, I would probably be an alcoholic. I have never had sex, I've never had a girlfriend, hell, I've never even been on a date. The only recurring social situation I face is playing Rock Band once a week at someone's house, which is the same thing we've done almost every week for two and a half years.

**I feel like nobody loves or respects me**. When I had the opportunity to do so, I bought my friends extravagant birthday gifts because I wanted to do something nice for them and got almost nothing in return. Specifically, after spending $180 collectively I received a $13 CD and $9 worth of energy drinks. The worst part is perhaps the utter indifference they felt - one person claims they didn't even want the game I gave them, yet they haven't tried to return it or trade it in. Another person sold off the more expensive of the two games I gave him two weeks after he got it. Both these people have revenue streams and can easily afford something in return. I am fully aware that this sounds really petty and that people have other shit going on, but at the end of the day I am left feeling nothing but taken advantage of.

The only thing I do with my family anymore is argue over the stupidest, most trivial things. I probably would have killed myself years ago if I wasn't so worried my mom would blame it on herself. My dad wouldn't care because they divorced when I was four and he moved to another country shortly thereafter. I haven't heard from him in two years. I hope he's dead.

**I have made several plans to kill myself**. I have a feeling this is the biggest risk factor. Not really any need to get into specifics unless someone wants to.

If you've made it this far, you have my respect, and I'm going to guess despite all this pathetic whining you still want to help me.

I know there's a lot of shit outlined that I have to deal with (it took me fifty minutes to write this post), and I'm not saying it's more important than anyone else here. Please help me, because I'm afraid one day soon I'll wake up at 1 PM, unemployed and depressed and unable to deal with the terrible act of existence.

EDIT: It's 7:51 AM local time and there are 55 comments. Everyone should have received a reply. I will come back in a few hours and consider my next step.

EDIT2: It's now 1:17 PM and there are 97 comments. I passed out for a few hours. Sorry if that stressed any of you out.

EDIT3: It's 4:03 PM and there are 103 comments. Things seem to have cooled down considerably. I will come back to this thread a few more times over the next couple of days. If you really want a reply, and I've somehow missed you, please send a PM."
"Hello there Reddit.  I've been lurking for a little while now and I was on SW and I feel that this is a good place for my first 1st post.

First off, I have been suicidal for several years, at least since high school (I'm a senior in college now).  I've had my ups and downs, but I've never taken meds or been professionally diagnosed.  The last couple years have been a struggle, with few nights going by where I *don't* wish that I won't just wake up.  There have also been several times where I've had a knife pressed against my wrist/throat and prayed for God to send me a sign, but I've held on.

Several years ago I wrote a suicide note and just kinda hid it off to the side where I thought no one would find it.  Some things earlier in the summer and my mom told me how she had found the note.  She asked why I had those thoughts and how because I had them it was *her* fault.  This was something I didn't want her to think, that my fuck-ups and short comings were her fault.

I am 22 years old.  I am borderline morbidly obese.  I have never had sex, never had a gf, never been on a date, never even been kissed.  Anytime I see my buddy with his gf (which is constantly) it sends me into a borderline blind rage because it feels like one big ""FUCK YOU"" from the universe.

Despite all the shit in my life, I've held on.  Believe me, I've been through the blackest of black, and I still haven't seen the light at the end of the tunnel.  I can't say why I've held on, but I have.  I still hate damn near every aspect of my life and can think of a justification (in my mind at least) as to why I should end my life, but things have begun to take baby steps towards improvement: my grades are getting better (GPA is 2.25 after being damn near a 1.0 a 1.5/2 years ago), I have strong friendships that unshakable, and just an overall feeling that things *will* be getting better.

I write all this as a message of hope for the hopeless.  I've been through the ringer several times but I've still held on and things ARE getting better, just as sure as the world turns.  I want to try and help those who have been/are where I am/was, so don't be afraid to message me.

*Sorry if this is a little fragmented/poorly structured.  Kind of a stream of conscience post and just writing as things come to me.*"
"I have never thought of myself as a depressed, angry, or suicidal person and it's difficult for me to understand how I've gotten to this point. I really enjoyed my life all the way up to the end of high school. I played sports, I got good grades, I enjoyed drawing and writing and thought I was pretty good at both. High school came to an end and while I had enjoyed my time swimming and playing water polo, I was not good enough to earn a scholarship. The partial scholarships I got based on my grades combined with money I'd saved up was nowhere near enough to pay for any of the schools I wanted to go to, so I had to rely on my parents.

They had told me several times that they would not pay for any college that was not a Christian college. Years ago, this didn't bother me and I thought nothing of it. As I got closer to graduating high school, I felt like limits were being placed on my future and was a bit disappointed by the colleges I had to choose from. I wanted to remain in the state but there weren't many great options for me. I tried to make excuses for why I didn't want to go without betraying the fact that I no longer believe in God. The truth was that I wanted to do what every kid on his way to college wants to do. I wanted to meet new and exciting people, choose a college where I can learn about things I care about, and do my share of drinking and partying on the side. A Christian Liberal Arts college seemed to offer the opposite of what I wanted.

I'm in my second year here and I'm ready to give up. It's a small school and almost everyone I've encountered is very conservative and uptight. It was clear to me early on that I had a difficult choice in front of me. I could betray my personal beliefs and values by pretending to be religious and conservative and therefore fit in or I could hold to what I believe and be shunned. On the first day, we had to sign a form saying we acknowledged that homosexual activity was wrong and that we would not participate in any. I guess I could've just said nothing but the fact that everyone else simply signed it with no complaints upset me. I got into an argument with basically the entire room. For a long time afterward, my section mates avoided me while occasionally attacking my views or questioning my sexuality. I didn't participate in any of the section's social events. Over time I've kind of retreated. I don't feel like I can have a reasonable, intelligent conversation with anyone I know.

We attend mandatory church services several times a week and must take mandatory religious studies classes. It feels more like church than school. I feel like I've betrayed myself on my essays and tests. I go on and on about God's love because I feel like it's what I need to make a grade even when I think it's crap. Somehow I feel as though I'm running out of bullshit. I can barely scrape enough adoring words together for an essay anymore.

I've become so scared of being myself that I feel like I'm someone else now. I changed the way I talk because even moderate swearing seems to offend people. My sense of humor is not appreciated or approved of and has all but disappeared. I'm taking classes for writing and art but the strict parameters they place on me are causing me to lose my passion for them. I hardly talk, I hardly go anywhere, I hardly do anything. I walk the same path everyday to class and to my dorm to listen to lectures on things I can't care about or don't believe in. The amount of work I have to do feels overwhelming when I have no interest in it. 

To others, I'm that guy who won't sing during chapel or the guy who doesn't want to lead the class in prayer at the beginning and people seem to keep their distance. I feel like the people around me aren't interesting, or reasonable. They don't seem like people I want to be friends with. At the same time I feel that even if I knew interesting, open-minded, funny people, I'm not worth being friends with. I feel like everything that made me has melted away when placed at odds with my environment. I don't have strong feelings or strong relationships anymore. I love almost no one and nothing and don't feel that I am deeply loved by anyone. To my family, it seems it is more important that I fit the mold of what a member of my family should be like than it is for me to be who I want to be. I don't know what that is anymore. 

I'm so afraid of the future. Every time I see my dad he asks me what my career plans are and I never have an answer. He gets more and more upset by this. I got into an argument with my parents about religion. My mom cried and my dad stopped speaking to me for a while. I don't know how to feel about it. I don't know whether they love me or some version of me that they've been striving to create and is now collapsing. I don't want to disappoint anyone but I don't want to live my life for their approval.

I can't sleep at night. I can barely stay awake during the day. The food here isn't good and I hardly eat apart from the occasional bowl of cereal. Eating feels like a chore. Just something I have to do every now and then. My limbs ache for no apparent reason. I feel like I'm somewhere else and my body is vacant, just doing what it's told day after day for no reason. I feel very alone. I'm not creative like I used to be. I don't think there's anything to distinguish me from anyone else. 

In a way I feel like I'm already dead. I don't look forward to anything except with a sense of dread. I just have no motivation to live life and I'm beginning to feel like it wouldn't be so different if I were dead. I want to be happy like I used to be, but I can't remember why I used to be. I can't shake the feeling that this is a realization. This might just be the way it is and I hadn't realized it until now. My grades are slipping. I'm sleeping through my classes. I might lose my scholarship and fail everyone and then I can't imagine a future for myself. I find myself wishing I didn't have to face it."
[removed]
[removed]
Don't worry. It gets much better after it's over. MUCH better.
"I live in Ft Lauderdale. I'm a BPD sufferer and have been through it. I want to help, even if its just someone that needs me to listen. Let me buy you a beer, or we can text/chat/im.

PM me, and let me be someone there for you. :D"
"If you're reading this, then most likely it means that you may be feeling suicidal. Please, seriously consider what it is that you're about to do. 

[Read this first](http://www.metanoia.org/suicide/) before you do anything else.

Your life is yours to live, and you've got one chance to do it. NEVER, EVER GIVE UP, EVER. For every bad thing that has happened in your life, something good can still happen. Nothing can completely erase bad experiences or memories, but it can make your life better.

If you feel that you're at rock-bottom, just remember that you can only go up from there.

 Hang on, ok? We're here for you."
"I've been where you're at, trust me."
"I linked to the specific part of this song that always helped when I felt depressed. It made me want to get up and change something immediately. Sometimes it's the little things that get you through. 
[parabola](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiV_ue-PbL4#t=6m41s)"
"We care.  Not joking, I do.  If I do, other people do.  A permanent solution to temporary problems is selling yourself short.  I've been through ugly times and can say the thought's crossed my mind.  I'm happy I stuck it through because today I'm a happy camper and life is going well.  I know it will get shitty again, but that provides the context to appreciate what I have now.

The choice is yours, I hope you choose life, love, and new beginnings."
"Suicidal? Trapped in an endless cycle of despair? Living from small joy to small joy and wanting to sleep off the rest of your existence? Hoping someone notices where you are and offers something that you can't find yourself to help you out of it? Feel socially or emotionally crippled in a way that makes it impossible to 'break in' to society?
Read my story, please. It's a happy story; more importantly, I made it OUT of this all. It's possible.

This will probably speak best to people who don't have a good reason for depression. And be honest to yourself about where it comes from. I wasn't abused or in debt; I had no good reason for being miserable except for mostly force of habit. But your actual reasons don't matter. Fat? Ugly? Awkward? Stupid? You perpetuate your weaknesses by labeling yourself by them. No one is incapable of changing. Don't think you've stopped growing up.

A year ago, I was fucked up. I was constantly thinking about suicide, hating my existence. I played WoW and spent a lot of time on the Internet, barely kept up with my schoolwork, and felt as though the few friendships I had were superficial and fleeting. I would fuck up in school, or socially, or just do nothing, and feel like shit. I'd stay up late on the internet to numb that feeling, miss class, and do it again. I'd love and hate someone at the same time, because I felt so different from them, and all that I got out of it was the most intense feeling of being 'broken', hating myself and staying up night wanting to cry. I'd hate every person I saw for being so different, so disgusting to my ideals, and yet so much more successful. I'd wish for nothing more than the sympathy of that one cute girl, or any friend, or someone I'd never met, to come into my life and spice it up.

But before college I'd even had a girlfriend, once; it kept me locally happy but I was never a happy person. And my depression fucked up that relationship too; it makes you beg for sympathy and support, and become creepily protective and jealous. I can admit now that I wasn't reasonable about all that.

I became depressed when I ""woke up"" in 7th grade; when I became self conscious and realized how much of a joke I was, socially. How I was the antithesis of cool and attractive; how I was pathetic in my attempts to fix this. I was a pretty smart kid but this started to kill it; I played video games and slept instead of reading, learning, or exercising. I hated people who did better than me, socially, who got my crushes and won my awards, because it was easier than changing for it.


Well, as it turns out. that's all bullshit. Anything like it is bullshit. Depression is bullshit. It's a mental addiction to feeling bad for yourself, which you use to justify being shitty at life. And it's okay to be shitty at life, for a while - most people are, even if they don't show it. Some of them don't know it. But *you* have to wake up and recognize this, and fight it. Your depression is because you're self-aware enough to realize it; your cure is being self-aware enough to realize it's artificial.

A year ago I realized that I either had to kill myself or change. You think about killing yourself because you don't know how to be happy, or you don't think the world will let you be happy. But really the part that doesn't make sense is *living like that*, not *living at all*. And I think it's perfectly reasonable to make the decision I did: give changing, permanently, a shot, or give up.

Now listen: you don't get to 'pretend' to do this. It's your life on the line. You don't get to try, and then fall back into [misery/alcoholism/drugs/abuse/hate/internet addiction/being sedentary/fucking up your job/whaterver]. This is your fucking LIFE on the line. You have to quit cold turkey. I didn't use drugs, I didn't use therapy, and I survived. But do what you have to; no one who matters in the world will ever judge you.

So, I stopped. All at once, I decided I would start being happy for a bit, sleeping right, putting on a smile. I was suddenly overwhelmed with a (somewhat fake) sense of OPTIMISM, and it kept me going. I wrote myself a letter, for a class I was in, that was basically a suicide note: ""if I'm dead when you deliver this letter in May, just, know that I wanted it this way. I'm okay with it. Don't blame yourselves"".
I opened it in May and cried. It was one of the best and worst moments of my life.
I think you already know how grateful you will be, looking back, at where you made it from. Sometimes I stand on the roof of a parking garage near my dorm and think about where I was, and where I've come. And I don't even think about leaping from it, and I just feel... proud. Relieved. Wise.


Look, don't blame anyone for your problems. Don't blame yourself either. Take them in stride. The world can suck, but all it does is punch you and you can ignore that and be stronger. Fight your way out of the society that seems to only hurt you, and if you try hard you'll find yourself in a society that you belong in.
If you're like me, and don't believe in anything supernatural, consider this: there's no meaning in the world. Obviously. You're an organism, a biological machine. *so what?* Invent meaning. You are supposed to be happy; it's absurd to consider the contrary. So make the things that matter to you mean something. The day after I realized I could try to change, I quit my job, dropped out of my college at my university, and changed my major. I haven't looked back. I stopped playing WoW a few weeks later - but you know what? WoW is okay. I still play games, because I enjoy them. I still waste time on the Internet, because it's fun. Do what you enjoy, but do it because you *enjoy* it - not because you don't know how to do anything else. Your goal in life is to be using your mind the whole time. Thinking, loving, living, laughing, taking things in. If you find yourself stagnating, wasting away... get OUT. Of whatever surrounds you. This is a lot easier the younger you are, probably, but try it anyway. 

Don't try this and decide it didn't work. If it didn't work, try harder. I know there's no actual universal purpose, but you're *supposed* to be happy. You're *supposed* to be alive. The human mind is an amazing thing, and I promise you that the force of your willpower is enough to do anything you want to do. And if you decide my advice doesn't 'apply' to you, no. I'm sorry, but I think you're wrong, and I hope you'll be willing to trust in me for a while, until you trust in yourself."
"When I was 14 I tried to do myself in. I was hospitalized and then ""institutionalized"" for about a month. The therapy was great, but I wasn't too fond of the meds. I went from not saying a single word to anyone to barely keeping my mouth shut because I was excited to live again. I was happy. When I got out I discovered marijuana. I quit the meds and took to a regular dose of MJ -  I can't say life got much better, but MJ allowed me to not sink as low and enjoy many simple moments. When I was about 21 I stopped marijuana. It was a risk, but I actually feel that it trained me to have a more positive outlook and develop good habits to deal with things. Because it wasn't physically addictive, it wasn't as big of a struggle as I had thought to quit, but I also know that its there as a fallback. Once I survived (yes, it was pretty much merely survival) the teenage years I could enter a world that I had much more intrinsic value to do something for myself. 

Here's what I would suggest based on what I have learned, take it or leave it: 

Marijuana is an option I would highly recommend. I don't care if it's illegal, its better than suicide and much more fun ;)

I stepped in a ""victim"" roll when I was depressed and everything was about how I horrible I was, and how everyone was picking on me, and how I didn't fit in, and no one understood me, and no one loved me, and I was different and weird. I gave away the control for my own happiness to everyone else but me. I have 0 control over how others treat me, but I have 100% control how I treat others and why the hell would I rely on other people who don't have my best interests in mind to dictate my happiness? No way. Take control of your own life. I'm now 33 and have a beautiful wife, a great little kid, a good career and am depression free - no meds, no weed. This is how I am continuing to do it:

1. Getting rid of depression is a process not an event. It's not a flip of the switch, I continue to do things that I know work for me and my happiness on a daily basis. Knowing that I get to keep it up is important.

2. The most important thing I do for me is to not do things for me. I lose myself in the service of others. You want to know how valuable you are? Go serve in a homeless shelter, go visit an old folks home, donate some time or clothes to a Ronald McDonald house, or items to a woman's shelter. Anonymously mow your neighbor's lawn, write a letter to a soldier in Afghanistan, wave ""hi"" to people on the street, help a neighbor unload their moving van - figure out what you can do for others, because it doesn't matter what you look like or what your social status is, you are of value when you do things for others, and you will discover that and feel great about it. You have 0% control over how others treat you or love you, but you have 100% control on how you treat and act toward others, so rather than be the ""victim"" because you handed your happiness to other people, take that 100% control and do things for others. You'll discover yourself in a big way. I look for ways to serve every day and it works.

3. Keep open to the possibilities. Find out what is not working for you right now and do something different. If that means finding religion, then so be it. Religion has a bad reputation, often deservedly so, but you may find peace there somewhere. Forget the naysayers, if you find something you love that works for you, go for it. I found one that worked for me. I don't have to become a self-righteous judgmental prick like many of them because that's up to me. My friends though it was weird, but they all supported me in it because it made me happy and didn't turn me like some self-righteous church-goers act. Plus, I'm never lacking in finding an opportunity to serve there.

4. Religion may not be for you, and that's OK. Marijuana may not be for you, and that's OK. Therapy may not be for you, and that's OK. This is YOUR personal journey and what works for one may not work for another - but don't close yourself to the possibilities that are out there. The most important thing to do is to take charge of what you can do and have control over - be the person you want others to be, be the change you want to see, be an example of love and service to others. That is what you can do right now that will make all the difference. You may not get a ""thank you"", you may get mocked, but that's OK - you aren't doing this because others are good people and deserve it, you are doing it because you are good and you deserve it. Even if you don't know it yet, it's the truth."
"Ok. So I posted something up here a while back under a different name. Everyone jumped on my case about therapy. It's all therapy, you can get fixed by therapy. I actually got insulted that I wasn't listening to advice and just pandering for sympathy because I felt doctors are a waste of time.

So I called a few places, no one could talk to me for months. One place got me in just to fill out paperwork. I did that. I get a call back the next day basically saying my copay is huge and I won't be able to afford services. I mean shit, I can talk myself out of going to a doctor pretty easily, but when they call to talk me out of it, done.

I pay over 500 dollars a month for insurance I can't use because I can't afford the copay. Fuck you America.

So I cancel my appointments and figure I might as well just give up. 

The weekend goes by, I don't do anything.

Monday I go to an emergency room, they give me klonopin (which my insurance flat out refused to help pay for any of) but explain it's a one time thing and that I should try to find a doctor, theirs are booked up for months, then they hand me to phone number to the place I just got told I can't afford.

Well. I tried. "
"I know you're trying to help. I do. But as I read through all of these ""don't do it and here's why"" posts that have flooded /r/SW recently, all I can think is, ""Damn. This person clearly knows nothing about depression.""

""Just snap out of it"" is one thing I keep seeing here. ""Hey, I was depressed, but then I got my shit together and now I'm happy! You can, too!"". In another post I read something along the lines of, ""Even if you don't have a **legitimate** reason to be depressed, remember that it's completely normal to have thoughts of killing yourself.""

What?

Okay, look. I know everyone here just wants to help. That's great. Amazing, in fact. Reddit is such a great and caring community, and I mean that in the most sincerest of ways. But if you don't truly understand depression I ask you-- no, I *beg* you-- to just stay silent. 

Offer support in the comments, of course. Ask questions. But do **not** pretend to know what it's like to be depressed and *definitely* don't act like you're a qualified psychologist.

It's true that everyone gets depressed from time to time. ""She broke up with me, my life is over!"" or ""My kitteh died, I'm so sad!"" are normal ""depressions"" for us all. Clinical depression, however, is an entirely different issue. Just because you've been sad before does **not** mean you know what true depression is like. And when you try to give ""hope"" to people suffering from it based on that misconception, well, you're doing more harm than good.

Clinical depression that leads to suicidal ideation is a very serious psychological disorder. Serious thought of suicide is not normal. The deep hole, the black dog that is clinical depression, is not something one can simply snap their fingers at to get out of. 

My friends, I know you all mean well. But please, stop making posts that belittle this curse. While I admire the fact that you want to help I feel insulted by many of these recent posts from people who think this is just a game that is limited to only adolescents. I am 30 years old and I have struggled with depression my entire life.

Instead, why not just hang out in the comments sections of /r/suicidewatch/new? Just talk to those who are seriously depressed and suicidal. Offer an ear. Give positive feedback.

But this recent spate of ""Hey, I was sad yesterday because my dog died but now I'm happy! You can be, too!"" posts need to stop. If you haven't suffered from true clinical depression, you have no idea what it's like. And shame on you for pretending that you do because you're hurting the cause, not helping it."
"About 2 years ago, I developed dry eye syndrome. In my case, you know that feeling when you lick your finger and hold it up to a cool wind? Yeah, it's like that. In my eyes. It aches and stings and burns, what have you. This is a real condition. If you don't believe me (as do virtually all eye doctors), go to www.dryeyezone.com. In my condition, I believe it has been brought on by wearings contact lenses for too long each day and not cleaning them out properly. I've been wearing glasses for the last 1.5 years.

But that's the past. What is now cannot be undone. I keep trying to find new ways of curing or treating it, but everyday my eyes just hurt. All day long. And it's leading me downhill. I never have the motivation to do much of anything anymore because of the pain in my eyes. Everyday, an active thought in my mind is: ""Can I PLEASE turn back time and change all of this?"" as well as ""WHY did you do this to me??"" in reference to a higher being I don't even believe in.

Dry Eye Zone has only been helpful to a certain point, but a lot of their solutions are just coping mechanisms that don't really apply to me or I don't have the money for. I haven't seen anything posted on here about this, and I'm wondering who else has this condition. I look at everybody as I pass by, none of them seem to be afflicted by this. I feel like my friends are confused and/or annoyed and/or judging me because of this. Many times I am just too embarrassed to be around them because of how I look. I just want to get back to how it was. I want to wear contacts again. No, I cannot get LASIK. Most people who have DES actually develop it from LASIK. And I already have it.

This has changed my life. I do not feel comfortable around people, they probably don't feel comfortable around me. If I can end this, I would, but I don't see how. Yea, I've been having suicidal thoughts, but I could never act upon them because I consciously know how it can affect other people. I am not that heartless. But I've been having them, almost every day. I could gouge my eyes out, but then I would be blind, and I cannot live with that. I don't know where to go. All doctors are useless - all they do is prescribe wetting eye drops, which do NOTHING. My parents can't accept my condition and every time they ask me if my eyes are better, NO, they're NOT, and they WON'T be.

...unless someone here has a magical cure or can direct me to someone who does.

Help me."
"Please call this number if you find yourself asking for help on this board.  Please direct others to this number if you want to help on this board.  

Take care to put life in the hands of people who know how to help. 

http://www.hopeline.com/"
"Hi guys. When you are depressed or suicidal it can be hard to talk to people, however well intentioned, who do not have personal experience with these issues. If anybody wants to talk to somebody who has all too much experience with both my own issues and those of my closest friends and family I check this accout regularly. I wont give you any bullshit, any cheesy lines, and I wont tell you to just cheer up.

If anyone wants to talk to someone who gets it, please message me. We can just talk. About anything, positive or negative. I wont try to preach to you. 

Stay strong people. Love."
"For privacy sake lets call this person Tim.

Tim recently has been having suicidal thoughts on a daily basis, as time goes by these suicidal thoughts become more and more intense.  He wants to cry but he cannot.

Tim may be suffering a mental issue that has gotten out of control, his lack of sleep lately may be due to this mental issue, he may go without sleep for days.

Even though Tim may be suffering from a mental issue, he knows this is not the root problem.

With the few resources provided what do you suggest Tim should do?"
"I noticed someone offered their help in LA- I figured I can do the same in the Bay Area. If you need a place to stay for the night, or just want to grab some food and yell at someone, give me a PM. People are here for you :)"
"I'm 36 years old, single, never married, no children. I'm very smart, a graduate student at a top university; I'm well-read, talented and not-unattractive. None of this matters, though; these are just facts, not reality.

The reality is that I'm sick of life, sick of the drudgery, the loneliness, the pain. Nothing makes me happy except escaping reality. Gaming, gambling, television, books... I could do these things all day, and frequently do. Before, I might have been content with a simple whittling away of life, a passive murder done a few hours at a time. Now I've reached a point in life where my intense self-loathing demands more than self-neglect: it's time for  self-destruction.

My time on Earth so far has a been a long list of underachievement, of lost opportunities, of roads not taken, of settling for less. I have done little with my time or gifts; just mediocre grades, mediocre jobs, selfish year-long flings with unattractive people in exchange for boring sex. Nothing I do ever feels good enough, so I just roll downhill and pick up what I find along the way. 

It's not that I have nothing going for myself, or that I am in deep sorrow over some particular event in life. I'm just tired of living, tired of feeling helpless, alone, inconsequential.... a mannequin built from the expectations of others. 

What's left to do? Thirty, forty, (gods help me) fifty more years of a ceaseless quest for anesthesia? Decades more of paycheck-to-paycheck, of looking for the newest fix? Of seeking a meaningless prominence and a case of trophies made of dust? Of lying in bed in the dead of night, wanting nothing more than to cry, to scream myself to sleep and never wake up? Non, merci. I'm done.

Long have I known that I would eventually get tired of life and hie myself to the ""undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveler returns"". I feel, truly feel, that I'm only one dark, dark night away."
"I'm a college student, and yesterday I was reported to the police on the basis of the smell of marijuana. I have never smoked in my room and I don't know who could have told on me. I was cited by campus police and they reported me to the people on campus that deal with disciplining students.

Regardless of the fact, this has just exacerbated my opinion on life and how it'll make everything harder, and how my parents are going to be pissed off at me, and how my brother is going to get blamed for everything even though he has no part in my, now prior, daily marijuana usage. But they're the only reason I live for, and I don't want to hurt them by my actions.

I wanted to be a doctor, but I guess no more, not with this on my file. I won't be able to get federal student aid for next semester, and probably won't get any more scholarship money. I'll probably need to undergo probation, pay a fine, live with the people that reported me and can't look at in the eye due to shame, and this shit's going to stick with me the rest of my life.

I just don't know what I'm going to do reddit. I feel like my parents will just be disappointed like they've been for a while, and I don't want to disappoint them. This entire thing has just been a steeper downward spiral. I just came back from a counseling session, and it's helped me, but now that I'm just sitting here alone in my dorm, I just keep feeling worse as time keeps going on. I don't feel motivated to do work because what will it be worth in the end? 

I just need something to keep my head occupied, not dwell on this stupid action that might cost me my future."
"I'm 27 years old. I'm hispanic (white/spanish.) I'm male. There. Now everyone has my demographics. I'm sure that will come in handy down the road for those that make a living taking stats for these types of events. 
I never thought I'd live this long to begin with. I never wanted to. I had a death wish for the longest time. I stopped just short of joining the military when I was 18 because I figured that was irresponsible, putting other peoples lives at risk, and what have you. Or you could say I'm a coward. Okay. You say that then. But I never wanted to kill anyone else and I still don't want to and I never will. In fact, after a few close calls, a fight or two, I consider myself a pacifist. 
The problem is that I suffer from alcoholism, don't believe in god, and so I'm shit out of luck. Alcoholism runs in my family and I guess, that I too, have fallen into that pit. I can't sleep. I can't sleep and everyone wants to put me on anti-psychotics and crazy shit like that. Well, I won't have it. I won't ever have it.
My brain is stuck in another world. It wasn't so long ago that humans were wandering the vast expanses of earth, hunting, gathering, and loving one another because they knew that's all they had. Now, in the modern world, it's all about money and property, and if you have neither you're a piece of shit to most people. If I were to give it all up, and live like the buddha, I'd be spat on, chastised for my lifestyle, robbed, and perhaps beaten to death like so many other ""homeless"" individuals. 
The human psyche is damaged, and it's suffering from a sickness. 
I'm a warrior. I look into the dark beyond and I'm not scared. How can I be scared with what I've seen from this so called human civilization. The darkness can't be any more terrifying than this earthly realm. To me there's nothing more scary than life on this planet. 
I have a noose tied, and I wrote out a long note for my family.

I can't do it anymore. I'm sorry. "
[removed]
"It's not that I want to kill myself.  I don't, really, anymore. I mean used to want to kill myself.  A while ago I bought a gun with the intent of doing it, decided to try medication/therapy.  Anyway, I don't really want to kill myself, I just don't care to live.

I don't want to do _anything_, and I don't.  I feel no motivation to get up in the morning, to work to better myself or my situation.  I'm indifferent to the prospect of living or dying.

Someone could come up to me with a gun and say ""I'm going to kill you,"" and I'd laugh at them, though part of me would still want them to pull the trigger, I'm not going to go and find a gun and do it myself.  I don't feel like I'm ever really happy or scared, and that I'm only acting when I pretend to have emotions.  All I do is play video games and kill time.

I don't really want to die anymore, but I don't know how to want to live.  I feel like I'm a walking corpse, and that dying would be more truthful to my situation."
"I posted here a while ago that I believed my girlfriend had feelings for her ex.

I saw a message on her facebook yesterday to him. It read something like ""I love you, I want to be with you, I would move down there (The town he lives in) tomorrow if that's what it takes, Please.""

I broke up with her about 30 minutes after seeing that.

I'm sick. I don't even know what else to say. It's like I've been lied to for a year... A whole year, wasted. I gave up opportunities, made sacrifices, alienated part of my family to be with her. And she never gave me anything in return.

I *should* be happy. She can't hurt me anymore. I try to see the bright side, but it does nothing for me.

I fake happiness constantly. When I laugh, I'm actually feeling a terrible pain in my gut. I have a constant uneasiness within, and it's starting to get to me. Nothing about me seems genuine anymore. I'm utterly fake. A shell of my former self.

All I've got going for me right now is that I'm 2 levels away from completing Halo Reach on Legendary mode, solo. How pathetic is that?

Her life goes on, she will most likely move in with him within the next month or 2, while I sit here alone, in my parent's house, playing video games, constantly trying to figure out how to make things better."
"I think I need some help. At the current point I am not suicidal, but in the past I have had suicidal thoughts and have never acted upon them.

Right now I just learned I got dropped from another class in college, I am not quite sure how to handle it. I could barely get through the e-mail my professor sent to me without curling in a ball of deep embarrassment and falling asleep. I have a girlfriend of two years who loves me very much but I cannot grow a big enough pair to tell here I am on the way to dropping out of college with a shit ton of student loans I cannot possible pay off. 

I don't understand how/why I am such a terrible student. I love learning and teaching others. That is actually what I want to be in life, a teacher. Yet I cannot get over the hump of shitty college courses. I want to transfer to another school, somewhere far away where no one knows my name and I can rebuild from scratch.

I am so stressed out, I am so tired, I honestly don't know why I cannot get over this stupid fucking hump. I would really appreciate some help. I have some much love to give, I just in a place right now really fucking dark. I just want to be happy again."
"My best friend of 15 years and my mother both just told me to kill myself. That if how i expressed my feelings to them, then why i am i here? I cant answer this question. I promised myself I wouldn't take more xanax than i felt like i needed to get through the night.

I just took 60mg of xanax. My entire months prescription. I know it wont kill me... I just don't care... I want the option. I want to take these four Lortabs i stole from my dead grandmother and just end it. Dead on the floor. nobody would find out till the morning.... I know its not right to do... But I offer nothing to society,  I just sit at home, sleep 20 hours of the day, read reddit, masturbate, and aggrivate people on facebook. I would be way way better dead. Hardly anyone would miss me.

I have no friends. I lost access to my car for a few days, and all my friends( i pay for everything, food, drugs, pills, gas) decided I couldn't borrow their car...



I just feel done


This isn't a throwaway account, but i'd appricate if the police did not show up at my door.


Doug"
"Hey all, I'm troubled by the recent spike in men offering to buy beers for people who are suicidal or have suicidal ideations. There was someone who spoke up about it, albeit a little sarcastic and downvoted to hell, he was absolutely right in saying that the last thing we should be doing is offering to give alcohol to someone who is suicidal or having thoughts of killing themselves. I understand that you're just trying to be genuine and friendly, but when it comes to saving someone's life, being genuine and friendly doesn't help, ESPECIALLY if it involves substances. I think we (the helpers) on SW need to be better educated on ways to help those who are reaching out to us in that critical moment where life and death are both in delicate reach. Lets have an educated and thoughtful discussion on this before someone does something unintentional and another person could potentially end up dead."
"This is obviously a throw-away account.

I am not yet in crisis.  But I know I am swiftly reaching that point.

I am 30 years old, not married.  I have two advanced degrees.  I work two jobs.  I am fairly successful.  I am disabled, but it's something that I can work with.  I fought for everything I have.

I have a caring but dysfunctional family.  They are less well-off than me financially, and sometimes I feel as though the only thing KEEPING me from going into crisis is the fact that I am the only one keeping the different groups of my family afloat.  I don't say this to brag.  I say this for perspective.  It should not be this way.

I shouldn't feel this way, but I feel so empty.  Not in the spiritual or religious sense.  Just... like there's a hole.  A malfunction.  I have horrible luck in relationships, but there are people worse off than I am.

I have been screened for depression.  After several rounds of different medications, I was taken off of all of the pills.  They just did not seem to make a dent.

I feel so ungrateful.

Like I said, I'm not in crisis.  But I just needed to get this out."
"We can just chill, talk, whatever. Call me : ) I'd like to meet you. If you leave a comment saying you're in the same area as me, I'll message you my number. Or even if you're not, I'll text you or call you : )"
"Sometimes I have odd random thoughts. Nothing I would ever act upon but I have them. I get curious about things or I just get down right upset. It could be big things or it could be trivial shit. But it really helps when I log on here and realize I'm not the only one. There are hundreds of people on here that have the same kind of thoughts or worries, people that have the balls to post extremely personal things and ask for the help they know they want/need and I LOVE that the comments in this particular subreddit are actually helpful. I can come on here and not feel judged or feel weird for some of the things that go on in my head. I know this phrase had been used a lot lately but it has become something I tend to tell myself a lot in recent times....it gets better, you just have to be here to see it.

Thank you. Thank you to those that post here before they do something drastic. Thank you to those that try to help people they don't even know. Reminds me there are still good people in the world.

**TL;DR**: /r/SW helps.

And if you EVER need anyone to talk to, I'm here too."
"Hi. 

I've been on Reddit for a year and just found out about this place yesterday. I was almost in tears when I saw someone link this place in another post.

Anyway. I am a 19 year old girl. I have struggled with severe depression all my life.

I tried to kill myself when I was 14 by taking many pills of all different kinds. I took about 60, and I went to bed. The next morning, I woke up. I remember it like it was yesterday. I was not happy to still be here.

I struggled and struggled, but never tried again because I figured that's just how much I suck.

Fast forward to about last October. I had started college and I was happy. This last year or so, I have been happier than I have ever been in my life. I actually had friends, for the first time. A group of friends I did everything with. I met my current boyfriend. I am in love with him.

I used to have very thick skin, but I'm a lot more fragile now. I seem very happy, but it's very easy to hurt me on the inside. 

Basically, the last week has been horrible. I don't want to go outside. Last night I was outside in the rain and I was so upset in general about my life that I threw up on myself. I can't even begin to explain how embarrassing that is.

Today I woke up in great physical pain. I stayed home from school. 

I don't know what to do anymore. I've pretty much just been crying, and I'm not a cryer.

I lost all my friends. We separated because nobody has similar interests. I don't have friends. Two years ago I did have a best friend but they died in a car ccident. :' I don't even have one I can talk to. I adopted a kitten a couple months ago to be my guaranteed friend for 15+ years. She is 5 months old and has cancer. I don't even know what to do with myself. She has less than 6 months to live. When I look at her it hurts. It's not even fair to her. What the fuck.

I've been applying at job after job after job after job after job with no luck. My interviews go well but nobody likes me because of my ear piercings. :( My current job that I've been at for almost four years treats me like dirt. I don't even feel like a human being when I am there. I am belittled and treating like shit. The building actually sucks. My working condition sucks. I only get 8 hours a week and have so many bills to pay. I'm starting to sell things that are important to me to make extra cash.

My mom never gets off my case about anything. She's been verbally abusive my whole life. She calls me worthless, and stupid, and lazy, and a disgrace to the family. If I'm doing something (like sitting in my room, depressed, because that's all I do), she will call a family member and when I eavesdrop I hear her saying I did things that never happened. My whole family hates me because they think I am this evil kid, and I am not at all.

I have been trying a new birth control and have been bleeding for over a month. I already have iron deficiency (anemia) so I feel shitty all the time. 

I did see a therapist for a year a couple years ago. My insurance has changed since then and I can't afford a therapist any more... each visit is really expensive... 

I'm not happy with my appearance. I've been exercising for three weeks but don't feel any better. I am having the hardest time even staying the tiniest bit motivated for anything.

There are so many other things that I can't even think of to type right now because I feel so sick to my stomach... 

I'm not going to kill myself, but I want to. 

The worst part of all of this is I'm scared fucking shitless to go back to the hell I was in years ago. I am so scared of that place. It's dark, and cold, and... help... please just any kind words. I already have hotline numbers and stuff... just want to hear from people going through the same thing. :'/ At least that's the one thing the therapist taught me... now I have no shame in asking for help. Just an internet hug... or something..."
"http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=stalker

This page is pushing me over the edge. I have a restraining order from a girl who I was seeing a year ago and even though I seem to have enough sanity not to talk to her, leave the college she's in, remove the phone #s and IM contacts of her I feel fucking horrible.

It's this picture of myself scaring the shit out of her as a creepy, weird, drug-addled, insane asshole that's haunting me and flashing before my eyes. And it doesn't really get better with time. I'm a fucking asshole and the more I realize it, the more I want to rid the world of my existence.

It just can't be worse than this, can it? Regardless of whether there is afterlife or not, I doubt  want to exist like this. I don't know if I'm chemically depressed right now or it's just normal works of the conscience and the world trying to get rid of the faulty behavior in our society. I don't even know if I can change anything. In one of our last conversations, the girl told me I'd be better off dead so I started contemplating suicide quite seriously ever since. A heroin overdose and perhaps some benzos seem to be the most gentle and painless way. I've been studying this page for a while http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lethal_injection#Euthanasia_protocol

There is no immediate threat, I learned to calm myself out with a cigarette or, in extreme cases, a lighter burn (it works wonders, btw) and I don't want to get on harder drugs like smack or alcohol since I know it'll just fuck me up further and fairly soon make me come down to a reality where I am a worthless, creepy loser. I don't know why I'm even posting this, but my psychiatrist told me not to isolate and I can't really say all this to any of the people I know in real life. One one of the causes for a restraining order was a suicide threat and I'm kind of afraid of talking about suicide to anyone I know  personally ever since.

EDIT: I binge-smoked pot this weekend, can it be a withdrawal?

EDIT: Thanks for the comments, people, they did help."
figured it'd also be of interest to this place. 
"thicker than blood

yes we are

absence of wisdom

i apologize for having

this world is painful

and confusing more than ever

but time will show you, more than all

that this pain you feel today

means less and less tomorrow

and that i love you now

as you are a sister

feel not as an outcast

but as a person with great due

i care very deeply 

and i need you

stick with me through this mess

and one day we will understand it"
"I've been doing opiates for about a year and a half on and off. Some times I do enough to keep me very high for days and days. Other times I do much much less. I've forced myself to go through withdrawals cold turkey all the way to the bitter end of them and have recently relapsed. Now I have told my family and will be getting professional help in the next couple weeks or so.

If you have any words of wisdom, encouragement or are currently going through the same thing then feel free to spit it out right now all over this damn board.

I want to know specifics about how you stopped yourself from going back to [insert your addiction here] after giving it up for good.

As always I love you all."
"Chuck was my college roommate before he ate a bottle of Sominex and got sent home. It was his second or third such event and the school had decided to give up on him.

Because he always used over-the-counter pills, a bunch of us believed he wasn't really trying to die, just calling out for help. In retrospect, we should have realized that he was using those pills because he couldn't get his hands on anything stronger.

I dropped out myself at the end of the semester, and got a room in a cheap boarding house on the edge of campus. I talked Chuck into moving into the house with me because I thought it was better than the alternative, which was living with his parents, whose house was nearby but who seemed incapable of dealing with any human emotion, least of all his.

After a couple of months of living on his childhood savings account, another friend of ours named Harry, also a dropout at this point, decided to move out west, and talked Chuck into coming with him. They settled into a one-bedroom apartment. Harry took the bed and Chuck settled into a permanent spot sleeping on the couch. This didn't surprise anyone who knew Chuck. He had the lowest self-esteem of anyone I have ever called my friend.

Chuck found work in the new city but it was always terrible work, like sitting in a bulletproof booth at an all-night gas station, getting threatened and spat at by psycho customers.

Almost a year went by. I was still working in the college town, while Chuck and Harry did their respective things out west. We talked on the phone a lot. Chuck always seemed so lost, and wandering into situation after situation that only made things worse, like those gas station gigs.

Then came October 1980, and word that Bruce Springsteen was going to play a concert on his tour for ""The River"" in Chuck and Harry's town. They drove Chuck's beat-up car back to the college town, to see some friends, they said, and to give me a ride to the concert.

Only Harry wrecked the car the night before we were supposed to leave. We were stranded. We had our Springsteen tickets, but no money.

That is, until Chuck came to the rescue. He made a couple hundred bucks appear as it from nowhere. He bought me and Harry two AMTRAK tickets back to the west, and said he'd follow us out as soon as the car was fixed. We promised to pay him back.

We all went to the train station the night we left. Chuck and I sat on two of those hard plastic-shell chairs at a corner of the terminal and laughed our butts off, telling stories and just shooting the breeze. It was wonderful. I was starting to think Chuck was going to be OK. He seemed so much more at ease. It wasn't until afterwards I realized why: He had made the decision to die. That must have felt like a huge weight off his shoulders.

So he got me and Harry out of town on the train and went back to his parents' house. And on the night of Oct 20, 1980 he drove their car to a park where he had played as a boy and shot himself in the head.

The call came early, and my head was still ringing from Springsteen's fabulous 4-hour concert the night before, and everything I had ingested during it. I was on Chuck's couch, using his pillow and blanket in a futile effort to find, as Kris Kristofferson said, a way to hold my head that didn't hurt. Harry answered the phone.

It was Chuck's mom, matter-of-factly informing us of his suicide, and asking us to please return his personal possessions to them as soon as we could.

I will never forget that hammer shot of astonishment, of realizing for the first time that he really had it in him to take his own life, that I had been wrong all along. And now it was too late to fix it.

I remember stumbling out of the apartment and walking three or four blocks to a neighborhood bodega, not so much to buy anything but because I needed to get out. I walked in and the store owner immediately started yelling at me. I didn't understand what he was saying -- it may have been a language I didn't know, or maybe my brain just wasn't processing the sound of his voice. But I got the message from his outstretched index finger: Get out. It was only when I turned to leave that I saw my bloody footprints all over his floor, and realized I had left the apartment barefoot and stepped on something sharp at some point. I never felt a thing. Except for shame. I tried to apologize but the owner just kept pointing at the door and yelling.

I used to get sad every October, without really understanding why, and then I'd remember that the anniversary of Chuck's suicide was coming up. This went on for maybe 10 years. More recently the date has come and gone without my really thinking about it. Though I still think about poor Chuck all the time.

Sometime in the past year I realized, for the first time, that Chuck, who was a huge Lynyrd Skynyrd fan, killed himself on the anniversary of the plane crash. That sent a chill through me.

And of course like so many humans, round numbers stick out in my head. So the 30th anniversary has been front and center in my mind these last few days.

We were both 21 that day. I suppose he still is. I have a wife and kids, and have worked a bunch of jobs, including one I have right now that I love. I've been fortunate to see a lot of the world.

I'm typing this on a laptop in the basement of the house I've owned and occupied for more than a decade. I've seen and done so many things I am grateful for having experienced, while Chuck has lain in a grave not far from his parents' old house, frozen in time forever as a sad, confused kid.

If you're out there Harry and you recognize yourself in this story, sing out. It's been too long.

Everyone else: hug the ones you love for me and Chuck today. And if you have a friend or relation who seems unable to get free from their demons, hug them extra. You may not be able to fix whatever's wrong. That may just be the way it is, and there may be nothing you can do. It's taken me 30 years to truly believe that.

I wish you an easier time.
"
"I read on /trees a day or two ago that this subreddit needs some help, and I feel like I could do something for someone somehow.  I used to work for a psych clinic as an intake worker, talking with suicidal individuals on a daily basis, and helping out those with severe problems (mentally, medically, substance abuse, homeless, etc).  I have experience with this sort of thing, and I figured after being laid off a couple years ago from my favorite job, I might as well do the good things I was able to do for my favorite kind of folks:  my fellow Redditors! :)

So to begin my post, I want to tell about something that happened to me a long time ago, and the wisdom I obtained from it.  

Back in 1999, I was 12 years old (in 6th grade for us Americans).  It was October 16th, and I was in my friends basement playing Nintendo 64 while waiting for my parents to come pick me up.  As soon as we finished a game, we went to walk upstairs but saw his older brother sitting on a benchpress in the corner of the basement.  We noticed the pale complexion of his skin and the blue coloring of his lips, and it didn't seem right.  So as any 12 year old boy would do, we tried to ask him if he was ok, but no response.  We ran upstairs for my friends parents, and they went downstairs to see.  Immediately they told us to get out of the house.  Within about 5 minutes, an ambulance and firetruck came barging down the street, bringing all the neighbors outside to watch and see what was going on.  A whole minute after the EMTs went into the basement, one came back up to say he was gone.  It was the first time I've seen my best friend (at that time) cry.

My friends brother was about 24, graduated from college, and was an awesome guy.  He was a big video game enthusiast, teaching me tricks at Goldeneye, as well as showing off his huge collection of Warhammer figurines.  Apparently, the night before, he broke up with his girlfriend of many years, and couldn't take it, and ended it by strangling himself with an extension cord hanging from the ceiling.

The part that I want those who are contemplating to really pick up on is this:  the damage you will do to friends, family, and even those nearby is irreversible.  And those that do end their lives probably had no intentions to hurt others with these images and the feeling that they couldn't help them.

After a few years, I reached the age of 18, and was showing signs of severe depression.  I had suicidal thoughts, two plannings, but I never went through with it (obviously).  I wasn't able to do it because I knew what my family would feel, how my friends would feel, and however anyone would feel.  I had a little sister that was around 12 or 13, just like I was when I found my friend's brother, and I couldn't let her or her friends or ANYONE find my body and carry the images that I carry that are still as clear as day.  This is what has kept me alive, and living life never seemed so important after that epiphany.

Please consider those whose lives will be hurt, because with suicide, you're not only ending your life: your're abandoning those that love you, are willing to help you, and even people who may not know you too well.

I'm not going to put a tl;dr.  Those who are suicidal should really read this, and I hope it helps."
"Well...I posted here a couple weeks ago about my...situation. Original thread was [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dmhy9/really_long_post_here/) 

Well...things are only getting worse. I'm falling behind on school. I still can't find a job. I'm hungover as fuck typing this. I'm probably going to fail this biology test tonight. My mom makes me feel fucking worthless. My alcoholism is back with a vengeance.  I don't know how much more shit I can take. I think...if I fail out of college or something that...I don't know. I just don't have anything to live for. Nothing to look forward to. I've just been through too much. I just don't have the strength in me to go on. 

edit: Thanks everyone for all of your support. I'll pass the good deed along. I was hungover as fuck and stressing about this biology test when I posted this (obviously) but I had to have gotten at least a B on it and I'm not hungover so... I just have my good and bad days. That was a really bad day. I don't know why I keep putting off going to see a psychiatrist. I feel like...they wont help me. When I was younger I was forced to go to a bunch of them without any of them helping me. Honestly though, I didn't really know what was going on. I was 15 or 16 at the time. I didn't think I needed help probably.  I mean, I was depressed and my mom knew I was hurting myself and all this but I didn't feel like I was fucked up. Now I know I'm fucked up. I just don't have the time or money to go see one is the bottom line I guess. "
"Yesterday it took me 5 hours to get out of bed. I spent the last hour on my floor crying and bleeding, and I just can't take it anymore. Day after day after day after day. I don't know what to do. I'm so scared. Nothing seems to ever go right, and if it does, something fucks it up the next minute. I just don't want to do this anymore

EDIT: Thank you everyone with your time, and it seems like a generalized response but I mean it. I haven't had a breakdown like this in a long time, just got a lot on my plate right now. I have a big exam in an hour and a half that I need to finish studying for, so I'm going to try and focus on that. I stopped cutting for now, the bleeding stopped and I managed to get off the floor. Guess I just needed someone to tell it to, at school I don't really talk to anyone about this...Thank you"
"It's a story that's been told a thousand times, really.

I'm nearing graduation.  Well, trying, at least.  I'm doing a ""victory lap,"" as some call it.  I've never been much good at running.

I can't remember a time when I haven't had occassional suicidal urges.  Even as a kid, I would have been so happy if it had just... ended.  That seems to be all I ever want.  To just fall asleep, and never, ever wake up.

And that's what I've been doing, recently.  I've been missing my morning class every day for a week or two.  This is not good.  I'm just... ashamed.  I had been procrastinating on homework, and then I skipped a class, and now it's like I can't go back, because of the shame, till I catch up on everything... but I'm not even trying.  I'm not trying in my other two classes.  It's like I'm just in one big escapism loop.

And things are, potentially, not that bad.  I know I just need to pull together and get through this last bit.  I recently started dating a simply amazing guy, but it is long distance, and we only get to see each other about once a month.  I've got a wonderful family, but because they are so wonderful I'm ashamed to talk to them, to ask them for help.  They love me a lot.  To admit to these feelings I have... it would hurt them.  So I don't say anything.

Back to school.  I make it sound so easy.  Maybe it is.  I've got a math class that I'm about two weeks behind on.  A liberal arts class that... well, it's about the same amount of behind on, actually.  And a class from last spring, that I only made it halfway through, that I need to finish up by the end of November.  It's a notoriously difficult class, and... I just don't know where to start.  I keep ignoring it all.  Saying I'll work on it after my nap, or tomorrow.

And the boyfriend.  Oh, the boyfriend.  He's perfect for me, really.  I'm still surprised and grateful that we found each other.  He's just... so many things I look for in a guy.  Is he perfect?  No, of course not.  But the flaws he has are acceptable.  And the futures we want are compatible.  We want kids, someday.

And so killing myself now seems like the more logical option.  I've always felt that there's two very likely ways for me to die: suicide, or a car crash.  I know these feelings won't go away.  So when would be a better time?  I could get a job somewhere, and have him move out to a strange city where he has no friends, and off myself there, and leave him abandoned.  Or we could live together, and build a life together, and have offspring together, and I could off myself then, leaving him to care after our progeny alone.

Neither seems like a very kind option.

There's two methods I consider.

1. Jumping in front of a freight train

2. Going to a shooting range, renting some sort of powerful hand gun, and doing it there.

Both inconsiderate to other people, but what is suicide if not a selfish act?

I'm currently reading the wikipedia page on firearm suicide.  I'm a squeamish person; it helps reduce my desire.

I suppose it all comes down to a lack of desire, in general.  I just don't *care* much, about anything.  Which is funny, because I'm known for being outspoken and opinionated.  But I feel as if it's an act, as if it's just overcompensation for the fact that, in the end, none of it really matters.

Fuck, I should go see the school's councilor again.  I did a couple of years ago, and it was useless.  Maybe they have a new, better councilor now.  Just googled the councilor that is in the office right now, she seems pretty cool, and isn't who I talked to last time.  The office is busy though.  Maybe I'll try again later.

I just... should learn how to ask for help.  I much prefer to be the helper.  That, combined with the fact that it is escapism, is why I like volunteer work.  I like helping friends with their personal problems because it distracts me from my own.

I wish the counciling office phone didn't go to voice mail.

Fuck, this was going to be a nice, well-written description of... something.  Instead of a collection of insane sounding, train-of-thought rambles.

I wish my family and friends didn't love me so much.  I wish I wasn't so squeamish, and afraid of pain.  I wish I didn't have a practically perfect for me boyfriend.  I wish my room wasn't so messy, to assuage my guilt about people having to deal with that after I died.

Or, failing that, I wish I could motivate myself to actually do *anything*.

**Edit** I went to the school councilor today.  I've now

- Checked my email

- Emailed a fellow student for help with one class

- Emailed two professors about the fact I'm behind in their classes

- Checked my school mailbox

- Emailed another student about notes in the class I have missed

- I'm currently filling out some forms that I need to fill out

It's... something?

Also, during the session I got a text from my boyfriend, and a call from one of my best high school friends, which made me feel cared for."
"Today, during work, I got into a ""religious"" debate - yeah, I shouldn't have but I got cornered into it - with my boss's husband. I'm agnostic. I was being polite and listened to everything he said. He's this arrogant, condescending bell-end  who thinks his religiously-based opinions are actually facts.

Anyway, he says something along the lines of, ""If you don't believe in god, then your life is meaningless."" I respond being saying that I thought my life was meaningful and I might not be important, but I thought my life had meaning to it. He said, and I quote, ""Your life has no meaning. Let's sit down one day and you can make a list of the important things you do. I'll go through every one of them and tell you wholeheartedly that they don't matter and everything you do in life is meaningless.""

Okay. I'm going to be honest - I started to tear up (I'm very ""sensitive""). My boss, who was in the same room, kind of just stared at him while he's saying this. She starts to notice I'm upset and says how I'm intellectually smart or something like that. Then, prick says how I have to be smarter to debate him.

I've just felt like shit all day because of this comment. I know I'm not a ""unique snowflake"" or whatever that shit is, but I like to believe that I have a meaning and a purpose. This comment really made me think about how meaningless my life is. It just sucks. On top of major depression, I feel like everything I tried so hard to believe about myself just disappeared. I don't know if this is relevant to r/suicidewatch, but to me it is because I've just feel like this: ""Okay, my life has no purpose. Then why should I be alive?""

Should I take this prick's comment to heart or is it just complete and utter horseshit? I just want some feedback onto what you guys think about it. 

Thanks for letting me vent."
"Hi /SW. I'm a single father, and have been for quite some time. I work full time while also working on my master's degree. I've been in a custody battle for about 3 months now with my evil ex-wife, whose disappeared to another state making it nearly impossible to have her served. This is the third time court has been rescheduled because she's disappeared. My son gets in trouble an average of three times per week for being disruptive in class in some way or another. We've been living week to week due to the legal fees, as well as other associated bills. Eventually the IRS may pay me the $8,000 first time home buyer credit that I qualify for, which would set me on my feet again, but it's been months since I filed my return... My parents are fundamentalist Christians, and I'm an atheist. I have two, maybe three real friends.     
I'm not suicidal, I don't think I've fallen back into depression (at least not yet). Now that you know a little about me, you know I understand how life can be overwhelming at times. I can easily understand... Which is why I'm inviting *you*, yes, **you** to pm me or post here if you need someone to listen to your problems. I'll be glad to provide what little insight or advice I can, but more than that I'll listen to what you have to say without judging you."
"If you're in Virginia or Maryland and want a friend - send me a message. We can meet up, grab a drink, and talk about life. "
"...and I'm glad I survived.  Is my life even halfway to where I'd ideally like it to be?  Hell, no.  But it's good enough-- and there is much deeper value than you may now realize in the completely realistically achievable nature of that.

I haven't spent much time in this subreddit (first post here), but when the front page spotlight swung in this direction, I felt I had an obligation to add my voice and share *something*.

While in many ways I'm the same person with the same problems, I have learned and experienced a helluvalot that I'm glad for (think of everything I would've missed that's happened since 1994, it's almost vertigo-inducing), and I pretty consistently manage to look forward to the future now.  I don't have any illusions about making some huge difference by posting anonymously to the internet, but if I can be a small part of what helps a couple people get to the same place from where I used to be, it's one of the better ways I can imagine investing my time.

-------

First off, the folks who tell you you're looking at the world wrong and/or that everything will get sooo much better may mean well, but deep down you doubt it because you suspect there are serious problems here that aren't going away any time soon (if ever), and you fear it isn't just simple matter of 'adjusting your perspective'... and in all brutal honesty, I'm gonna hafta tell ya you're probably right about that.  The trick is how you transform the pull of oblivion from a howling supermassive black hole of overwhelming madness to something you can put in a room in your mind and shut the door on for a while.  You'll start to find with time that a whole lot of human beings have such rooms.  Dealing with that isn't easy, you damn well know it isn't-- but from my experience, it absolutely does get easi*er*.

-------

NOTE:  When you're bad enough off to seriously consider ceasing your existence, other people who tell you you're a whiner, or that the circumstances you describe aren't sufficiently bad to justify your feelings, are:
1. complete assholes (intentional or not)
2. totally clueless
3. not worth your time

Please keep this in mind at all times.  Thank you.

-------

Okay, so, reality as you are experiencing it is a qualitatively bad, ugly thing, and you can't flip a switch to change that.  With certain drugs, you may be able to slightly alter the picture, but really your only escape is sleep or passing out.  Am I making sense so far?  So, sleeping longer - or forever - starts to look like the most beautiful thing in the world (especially if you have insomnia).  And then the planning starts.

You tell someone about it, or make a subtle comment which leans in that direction.  Some trollface responds with ""you're doing it wrong, durkedur"", and even though you know they're full of shit, there's a part of your mind that follows the thread along anyway...  *maybe I am just being weak/selfish/dense/whatever, I need to 'buck up', but ohmygodicannotdoit, WTFiswrongwithme, i'm badwrong for being this way, i'm defectiveuseless, ireallydonotbelonghere, takemeoutofthepicturenow...*  STOP IT.  

You don't have to justify or validate your feelings to anyone-- they simply exist, like trees and rocks and concrete and diesel exhaust.  They are an integral part of your reality.  Draw a deep breath.  You *can* process them and begin to move on, but you have to start setting aside time and resources to do it, and find the right tools that work for you.  The sharp edges get worn down &amp; rounded out, and become blunted.  More beauty, wonder - and yes, even love - do await you, and it is worth it to try to make it through all this.  Still, you have to survive in the mean time.  Why?  Hang with me, I'll get to that.

I'm not gonna sugar coat this next part.  Whatever thing or combination of things that has brought you to this place quite likely won't ever stop hurting when you're reminded of it.  Hell, right now, you probably can't even put it out of your mind at all (although you should be able to eventually).  So accept that.  This is part of you now.  It's not as bad as it seems in the worst moments, but let's not fool ourselves, it's pretty goddamn bad.  There are some other harsh things you're going to have to accept, too-- what pushed me over the edge all those years ago was a set of staggering realizations, all of which I was fairly sure were true (and they in fact turned out to be): 
1. my options for 'how to live' were becoming extremely limited 
2. certain future major disappointments &amp; failures were basically inevitable
3. I wouldn't just disappoint myself, but many others as well
4. much of my dysfunctionality was permanent for all practical purposes
5. I would never completely get over *her*
6. I wouldn't live up to my potential, I'd waste time, I'd make mistakes
7. my safe, comfortable world view of younger days was gone forever.

There's more, too, of course, but that's enough.  Stare it in the face.  It's too much to take, isn't it?  It was for me, truly.  I could not process all those facts and remain sane at that point... ...but I can now.  

Here's a thought-- be glad that you're one of the privileged few who have actually woken up from the zombified autopilot life!  People like us value other people like us a great deal.  It doesn't come up very often, but when you meet someone else who you find out has been there, it's a different quality of connection.  We understand some of the most important things about being conscious and self-aware in a way that the masses don't.  It ultimately vastly deepens our capacity to appreciate things like the arts, nature and human kindness.  All you have to do is figure out how you can live with yourself and these realities first.

Yeah, it's a tall order.  But even if it's not worth it to you right now, even if you're convinced it can't be done, do what it takes to maintain your existence a while longer anyway.  It's a mess, but you might not have to clean it all up... and if you do, there ought to be an end point worth getting to, or failing that, at least some damn fun escapes now and then.  

Learn that within you is both a child and a parent, and that you have to respect both at different times in different ways.  Embrace your weaknesses.  Rediscover your cleverness in working with, through and/or around them.  Revel in tricking or daring yourself into doing things you didn't think you could.

-------

**Finally, the whys:**  Don't forget that while there may or may not be an afterlife, there is indisputably an ongoing epic human story that you can either be a net positive or a net negative contributor to.  There is also this thing called the domino effect-- you may be in a place mentally where you think you hate everyone and don't care if the whole world burns to ashes, but for most of you, there is probably some person or animal you can think of that you would never want to harm... and if you check out completely, it will almost certainly cause someone just like that to suffer in a way that you would *not* want to be the cause of.  A being who doesn't deserve it will surely *hurt deeply* if you do this, possibly far worse than you can imagine.  If not directly, than indirectly through empathy when they find you or learn of your story, or through the absence of something positive you would've done if you'd been here.  

The premature end of a human life, scoundrel or saint, causes countless ripples that only make the world an uglier place.  Do some people deserve it?  It's very possible.  But I feel fairly safe in saying that whoever you are, you probably don't.  Regardless, there is no glory in it-- only more senseless loss, permanent wounds and forever unanswered questions.  

This is what you do: you *just keep on* walking, shuffling, crawling or rolling, however half-heartedly, no-heartedly or half-assedly, but you don't stop breathing...  for the sake of other people more than for your own interests.  Even a heavily medicated semi-life can help facilitate the experience of things like joy and love beyond itself, and I believe it's worth it to keep going for that reason alone.  Just fucking do it.  And who knows?  Maybe - just maybe - after a long while, you'll occasionally find yourself having a sincerely good time.  In those moments, it will be worth whatever it took.  I promise you, with tears coming to my eyes as I write this, you *will* be glad you made the effort in the long run.


-------

Feel free to AMA and I'll do my best to respond when I can.


Edit 1: Formatting issues-- apparently I'm a complete retard with bulleted lists.

Edit 2: Streamlining.  Still no luck on the bulleted lists, leaving as is."
"I hate my life. I fell in love with my best friend of one and half years. I saved her life so many times and we trusted eachother. She's been through a lot and I literally did everything I could to get her going again. 

We meet towards the end of highschool and became really good friends. We went to different univeristies in the end but talked to eachother as often as possible. She was raped and lost her virginity in her dorm by a guy on my brother's birthday (why I remember the date). I can't tell you how much I hate myself. How much I let myself down. How much I wish I were dead. How much guilt I have.

I helped her out of tough times and kept her going. She started to like a guy in the spring and whatever we stopped talking. She calls me in tears in the summer saying she got raped again and her boyfriend who promised to never let it happen only used her for the sex. So I took care of her again. And of course because I'm so pathetic I believed her when she said she changed and wouldn't drop me again. I'm a moron who couldn't protect her and pathetic. She made me promise to always protect her when we were seniors in high school. I failed. Just strike me down. I'm not good enough to be human. Nothing like the woman you love and promised to protect getting raped twice and having a guy use her for sex, then leave you. Strike me down.  

My depression grew and she did a lot to make it go away. She promised me she wouldn't leave when she saw how horrible I felt without her. I then got friendzoned in the worst way possible after she said she'd give me a chance to get out of it, called me found another guy and they're dating. This is the third guy since we've been friends. She then said she wasn't going to babysit me anymore and that hurt. Comming from the person that said she would do anything to get me back to normal. And now I'm a complete mess. My friends and family are trying but I can't do this no matter how hard I try. I hate my life so much for losing someone who actually made me happy. I feel lied and used so much. I hate myself and wish this would all go away now so I don't have to focus on university readings and depression. The anti-depressants aren't really helping me this much that week too.



I'm so unhappy. Nothing I do makes it better. Buy a new game, lose interest in a few minutes. Play guitar, lose interest. Try to watch a movie, can't focus. Talk to my friends and they tell me the right things but I don't feel better. I hate my life and I hate myself. Every moment. Every second. Just want to give up on everything, nothing feels right or in place anymore. 

I thought time was suppose to heal me. It's been a month and I miss her so much still. Just strike me down I'm a horrible person with no self-esteem. And clearly I'm obsessed with a girl that used me and lied to me, what good am I to this world. Nothing. I don't even want to be me.  

I woke up and thought about her dancing and how much I miss seeing her happy. I'm useless and that's why she's gone. I'm done trying. All I feel is pain and no joy.

I let someone I loved get raped twice. Only for her to leave me for another guy. I'm a waste of a life that can't get it together. That can't do a university reading. That can't breathe without pain. Mock me, take what you want from me. No one will save me, but me. And I can't do this. I've been trying for two years. My life is hopeless and pointless. There's no one I can talk to that will make me feel better. I hope I die when I wake up.

Can't even pretend to be happy anymore. I'm useless. Worthless. I complain too much. I'm a loser. I'm bitter. I suck. I shouldn't exist and I'm meant to die. Take me out of this life.

Maybe I'm just on a bad mood swing and just doing this for attention and pity.

FML. "
"Hi.

By a lot of objective measures I have it pretty good.  I'm 28, great job, good pay, I live abroad in a country that's always up at the top of those quality of life lists.

But my life feels like a living hell and I'm not sure what to do.  I'm gay, which is something I came to terms with earlier this year.  My family are Christian fundamentalists though, and telling them would probably put me down one family.  Not that it's been an issue; haven't ever dated and I'm not likely to: I'm butt-ugly and have zero social skills.  And I'm an atheist, which would probably go over even worse with the family than the gay thing.  I have maybe 3 friends, only one of which even lives on the same continent.  I don't feel like I can talk honestly with them about how I feel though; they have happy busy lives and I don't want to bring them down or be that guy they feel like they have to hang out with out of pity.

Somehow I've managed up to this point, but this year things have just fallen apart.  I used to have hobbies, things I enjoyed or that at least kept me occupied.  But nothing is fun anymore.  Everything seems hollow when there's no one to share it with.  The other day I sat down and dredged up enough physics to work out if a jump out my office window would be fatal.  Scared the hell out of me.  Enough to try talking to a friend, but I don't think he took me seriously and just told me I would feel better if I exercised more.

I'm on a trip right now, and I can hear people outside laughing and having a great time.  Wish I knew how to do that.  I'm sitting in a hotel room, skipped dinner because I couldn't deal with the thought of other people thinking I'm a loser for eating alone.  Twisted, right?

Thought about trying to get some professional help, but not sure where to start in my host country. Half-afraid they'd just laugh at me and tell me I don't have it that bad and I should be able to deal. And I should.  But I can't.

Don't really want to die, I don't think, but life doesn't seem real worthwhile right now and I don't see how it gets better from here.

Probably this is all incoherent.  Sorry.  Not sure what I expect from posting this, if it's just a pathetic plea for attention, or catharsis or what."
"I hate my life.  I hate what I've become.  I feel like the paradigm of a loser.  I live with my parents.  My job is a bullshit go-for piece created by my dad to fill a gap in my employment history.  I'm so damn lucky to have people to care for me but all I want is for them to kick me out so I can die without guilt.  I won't try to die until they have passed.  I saw the parents of friends who had commit suicide and I don't want to do that to my parents.  It was so painful to see. 

I just want to disappear."
"Hello My name is r3dac73d

*crowd* Hello r3dac73d

and I am not sober. I want to be sober and have tried a few times to quit.The first time I just decided to not give in to my cravings and stop my addiction cold turkey, turns out this wasn't very easy and the addiction kicked in, almost instantaneously. After this attempt I decided for a while that maybe things would get better on their own and allowed myself to not be sober 24/7, like I had before I had decided I should quit. Things started getting out of control. It got to the point where I couldn't remember ever being sober, although I suppose everyone here can relate to that. My next attempt at sobriety I decided to use some pills to assist me. This did not turn out so well, they gave me seizures and a hospital stay, and afterwards my addiction came back stronger than ever. There was not a single moment when I was sober so I continued to remain in my situation and decided to try to make the best of things, if I couldn't quit then I would try to use my addiction to get the best out of everything. Unfortunately, for me, thing didn't work out as I had planned and so I decided to quit again. This time was different though. Between my last attempt at sobriety and this current one, a lot had changed. I had lost my job, I had lost weight -a lot of weight-, got a new job, lost that job, gotten married, gotten fitter and had taken up mountain biking and decided to try to participate at a semi-pro level, formed a lot of meaningful personal relationships but something was still not right, I still didn't feel right so I decided to quit again which brings me here. I want to quit life. I am addicted to life but I want so bad to quit, I feel like life is such a chore and that there is no real point to any of this. I don't think I feel things the same way other people do. Even though I have formed a good few personal relationships with some great people, I always feel so....so fake. I feel like everything is a facade and will come crashing down on me like it always seems to. I don't really feel emotions anymore, and for a while could emulate them very well, although lately my ability to do this has seemed to be dwindling as my definition of what these emotions should look like has somehow become lost. I have no ambitions and have forgotten how to make them. If I did know how to make them I do not have the means to fulfill them as right now I have no job and no money. I have been  injured recently whilst mountain biking, I fell off of a 25' cliff. I didn't scream or yell or cry, I barely even cared I knew I couldn't continue riding the trail I was on and could barely walk as my right leg muscles at the time were deciding not to function due to some pretty deep and severe trauma to my knee although I recognized there should be pain, I could not express my pain in any way. I hoped on the 2 1/2 mile hobble to the car that I was seriously injured. When I got home I didn't go to the hospital or call a Dr, I decided to just sit there and bleed for a bit. It bled for a while, coagulated and stopped itself. Not to worry I thought, that trail was dirty so I am bound to have an infection so I got in the shower and then went and pretended to be human with some of the people I associate with. Most of them noticed right away that something was wrong with my leg and I just brushed it off and went on with the evening. A few of them had suggested that I go to the hospital. I told them I would be fine and eventually went home and went to sleep. I suppose what I am trying to say is that I still want to quit. And I was hoping that help would lie within this forum."
"Before I only have suicide thoughts whenever I encounter really hard problems. But once I get through them, it goes away. But somehow nowadays even if I'm okay I feel like I want to die. I'm 22, i'm in college.And I want to do something in life. But I feel like I'm questioning the existence of life. And I alway curious what's there after we die. Like it bugs me and I always think about it. I don;t understand why when I think about dying, my heart would sank. Like it's telling me that dying is good, that I should die. I always take advil PM because it puts me to sleep. I'm always looking forward to sleeping. I always wish that one day i will never have to wake up from sleep."
"I couldn't find any better place to post this. Not all suicidal people self-abuse, but many do. Perhaps this talk could be of some help in figuring out why one self-abuse.

[http://vimeo.com/14315849](http://vimeo.com/14315849)"
"I'm 23 and a full time college student. While at college, I try to keep up appearances and act like a normal happy person, but in reality it's a lie. I'm constantly depressed and feel lonely. I live at home, and I often jokingly tell my mother that I'm going to kill myself to gauge her reaction, I tell myself it's a joke but I'm not so sure anymore. The only reason I think I haven't killed myself yet is because of my mother, but I don't know. 

My sister says I'm a pushover and I let everyone walk over me, which is the truth. My sister likes to take advantage of this character flaw and constantly fucks me over with no fear of repercussion, then acts like she loves me. It makes me both sick and furious.

I feel that I'm just an outside observer watching life go by and that there's no point in living if I'm just going to die down the line. I often think that we are all just waiting to die in our own way and we should just skip the waiting part and go directly to death.

I have a pathetic life and daily think about the least painful way to kill myself. I have 2 friends and my mother that would  probably care. My greedy sister would just show up and pretend to care while hoping to get all my shit."
This is my first time posting to r/SW. I wish I was happier. I'm so angry/sad. I thought about suicide a lot today. This is a disappointing setback since I've been doing well recently.
[removed]
"Sorry wasn't sure if this is the right reddit (I figure I would get a more understanding response here rather than r/japan).

Several months ago a close friend of mine befriended a young Japanese girl while playing an MMO. Recently she attempted suicide, is generally suicidal and depressed, and has no support network (parents told her to go away). She has little money and wants to kill herself.

My friend has been talking to her for hours most nights to try and keep her from doing anything bad. He cannot continue to do this as it is effecting his life with his family.

Are there any support networks in Japan for people like this? young, suicidal, no friends, no money, possibly no where to live. As I understand it suicide is prevalent due to the Japanese Bushido culture... but to be honest we (as Australians) have no idea.

**update** (2 days after posting): My friend hasn't heard from the girl for the last 48 hours which is odd considering they are normally in contact multiple times a day. He has tried the English help line but is still at a loss as he isn't sure of where she is. We're trying to track her down from previous chat logs. Worried but hopeful.

Apart from sending money or flying her out of the country (both of which are considerations)... any suggestions?"
"For context, I am a 20 year old female. I still live with my parents because I attend community college and am currently unemployed.

I have multiple issues that, over the years, have escalated to a breaking point. It seems like the only way out of a constant barrage of steaming hot bullshit is to end it. I'll try to keep things short and only go over the main points. 

-I think about food constantly. I love food. Especially that unhealthy, greasy, salty nastiness that everyone says you should cut out of your life forever. Being a typical female, I am horrified of becoming fat, which I'm probably well on my way to being. I'm not even chubby yet, but I'm definitely not bikini material- Just average. However, this absolutely plagues me. The more I think about food, and how I should diet [or make a 'lifestyle choice'], the more I want to eat. However, I'm afraid to eat, because I'm already big enough. Which leads to me doing the worst possible thing- binging. I don't throw up after or take laxatives, although I admit both of those things I have given substantial thought to. I even frequently google pro-ana websites for tips on how not to be such a fatty. I have little to no self control over what I eat. I've kept food journals, tried to get others to help me make better eating decisions, tried to get my parents not to buy nasty crap for me to eat. None of it works. And what's worse is I can cook really well- fuck no I don't want broccoli, I want cheesy hashbrowns! Load up the fat please, *I apparently don't have enough of it around my waist*. 

-I was raped when I was 16. He was my boyfriend for a brief period of time. My fear of him led me to not take the SAT/ACT because he was at the same testing site as I was- I was signed up and ready to go until I saw him there. I fled to the bathroom to call my parents to pick me up. They yelled at me, and did eventually come get me. I know I could have signed up on another day, but I was stricken with absolute terror every time I thought about it. Hence, why I currently attend community college. 

-I love my parents. But they do not understand the concept of TLC. They are more adept to 'tough love', whether or not the situation calls for it. I have gotten yelled at for being raped, being afraid of going to my rapist's workplace, his mother's workplace, and other areas he frequented, I have gotten yelled at for being insecure, for eating, for not eating, for eating at the wrong time of day, and disagreeing with my parents, just to name a few. We also have the 'arbitrary bullshit' arguments that everyone has with their parents. However, mine get blown out of proportion. They will not listen to my side, they call names, criticize me, and lie to get their way and win the argument. They placed me in therapy after I blew up at them and told them to stop doing such things because it was not respectful. I understand the concept of **my house my rules**, but it gets ridiculous. My dad is also a self-proclaimed sexist. He's very respectful to other women, he's not a pig or anything, but it absolutely shames him that I enjoy video games, desire to ride a motorcycle, and do other typically masculine things.

-My last boyfriend [not the rape guy] fucked up my social life two years ago. All the friends I've made in twenty years now strongly dislike me. Verbal harassment is common, being told I'm a bitch or a whore, [For the record, I would be a virgin were it not for the rape.] just knowing that sometimes people will come into town and ask about gossip for me. I'm *that* girl. I don't even go into town anymore. I stay inside, and with what new friends I do have, I don't even go out with them. I don't get close to them for fear of losing them. He also cheated on me right after we got back together. He is still dating the girl, she enjoys making shit up about me to the people who love hearing gossip. Her sister is famous, and her parents basically own the town I live in. One of my old best friends had a crush on me- he told her I cheated on my then-boyfriend with him, which was absolutely not true. She told everyone. She also now attends my school which I am not in this semester. 

-I worked at a Walgreen's for a while last year. I was a pretty excellent employee. Ended up getting canned when someone told the boss they saw me 'out and about' on a day I called in sick. I had food poisoning that day. Never got the chance to explain myself. The next job I got was at a law office. I got laid off after two weeks, 'we never should have hired you. we just don't have enough business.' A week later, they call me back. 'We have business now, come work for us again.' Two weeks later, I get laid off again. 'You aren't a good worker, your work ethic sucks, you never do what you're told, you make too many mistakes, also we don't have enough business.' I was an excellent worker. I know for a fact I didn't make mistakes, and my work ethic ruled- I was always busy, and when I had a lull in my work, I helped other people. But it doesn't matter, because if I apply for a new job, they aren't going to believe me. They're going to believe my former employer. So, can't use that on my resume either. That's two out of three black marks on my record at only 20 years of age. The other job is fine, I have excellent references from them. But two out of three is not promising. The second time I got laid off has also instilled even more self-doubt in me; did I really make that many mistakes? Am I still making mistakes? No other job would want me if I can't even do the basic crap from that law office. Also, my aunt just applied for my old job. Not a terrible thing to do, but I almost feel as if I should be more offended... it seems rude, in a way.

-Current boyfriend is in treatment for brain tumors. When he's not having brain surgery, he is getting some form of radiation. The last time I saw him, he had holes in his head and was bleeding profusely. I can't really go on about this, but it stresses me out. I don't want to leave him because I love him, but I can't fix him either, and I just feel useless.

-Aforementioned current friends- about 10 total. I have no best friend. The 10 are my boyfriend's friends. I have none of my own. They are nice enough to include me because I am their friend's girlfriend. 

-Sometimes I feel like sobbing, but I can't. I hallucinate- and no, I'm not on any drugs, and I don't do drugs recreationally, either. I'm unemployed, and probably won't get a job because of my resume. I don't have any connections, and I don't have any money. I have an idea for an invention, but I'm sure if I tried to get it patented and sold, I'd end up screwed over. Plus, I wouldn't even know where to start- I have no money with which to help myself along. 

So my plan is this: Wait a week. Try to notice nice things about life. Think about how badly it would hurt people if I killed myself. Try to want to live. If nothing changes, swallow some pills or something.

To be honest, I'm mocking myself right now- not too many people would be upset if I died. It would be another thing to gossip about. Probably it would be misconstrued as a heroin overdose or something. My parents would be better off not supporting a fully grown child. My boyfriend would probably have less stress too, but he'd be sad for a little while. Once it sunk in that he didn't have to care for me anymore, maybe he'd even get better, which would lead to good news for his parents. 

As I see it, my death is a pretty beneficial thing.

EDIT: I should also add that I have no hobbies or passions. Nothing is really enjoyable any more, and hasn't been for years. I can't lose myself in anything because I'm not interested in anything. "
This is all I could think about during the past few weeks. I just don't want to deal with life anymore. It's just not worth the trouble and I see no future. Every night I get so lonely it hurts to think. I want to end the pain but my body won't let me. 
"At the start of this school year, my friends and I went off to college. The transition was a bit hard for us all but most of us are enjoying college. I keep in touch with my friends from high school and two weeks ago, we all met up to hangout. This particular friend, let's call her Jane, was the most optimistic girl I know. She was always smiling and we had tons of fun together at the hangout. Then when the weekend was over, we all went back to college. But that's when things began to change. 

After having a really deep conversation about her break-up and a few of her issues, I felt much closer to her. Then all of the sudden, when I tried talking to her the next day, she wouldn't say much. I thought it was because she didn't have much to say but our conversation sounded so monotone. She would only respond with ""Ok."" and ""Yeah."" I questioned her about it but she would just say ""I'm fine."" My other friends started to notice this change in her. After about a week of these kind of conversations, she told me, ""I don't think you should talk to me anymore because I don't want to make you worried."" I kept asking her about what the deal was, and what was wrong? she just told me she rather go through what she's going through all alone rather than become a burden to her friends. I tried to explain that I really want to help and that's what friends do. 
She began saying things like, ""Honestly, it's not much of a loss to not have me around.  You'll meet someone new, and soon enough, you won't even remember me."" 

""Haven't you ever heard, ""We all live to die""?""

""I don't want to live life to the fullest anymore.
I don't want to try for things anymore.""

I feel confused. She was the most optimistic girl I knew but then all of the sudden, she breaks down. She becomes extremely pessimistic. I know she's suffering but I can't get her to tell me what's wrong. I don't think she will commit suicide, but I worry that she might start thinking about it. What can I do to help? What's the right thing to say under these circumstances?"
"I have horrible social anxiety.  I was always shy but when I started college it got really bad.  When I was living in the dorms, I couldn't even go to the bathroom without checking through my peep hole to make sure the hallway was empty.  Living there a whole year, I don't think I was able to say more than three words to my suite-mates.  These days I can't walk to class without completely freaking out thinking everyone is looking at me and judging me.  I can't concentrate when I am in class for similar reasons.  It has been keeping me from going to class for a while and now my grades are really suffering.

I have also been losing my friends.  I am even awkward around them now because of the sa.  I basically have only one friend (other than family I suppose) left.

On top of my social anxiety, I am feeling very overwhelmed and anxious about how much it is screwing my life up.  About how much **I** am screwing my life up.  I just don't know what to do.  I have been feeling like it is all totally pointless.  I just don't want to continue living because it all feels like it is over.  Like I've screwed up my life beyond repair.  I feel like I am completely worthless.  I'll never be worthy of happiness or love.

I know I need to see a therapist or something and I tried to start the process about a week ago when my school had a free mental health screening day.  I couldn't build the courage to walk in though.  I walked right by the door and just couldn't go in.

I don't think I am in danger of committing suicide any time soon, but I just feel like I don't want to live anymore.  I just want to fall asleep tonight and not wake up tomorrow.  I am tired of life.  Tired of the fact that everyone around me seems so happy and I have never felt that for more than brief periods in my life.

I guess I just need some encouragement to get real help.  I think I am realizing this is something I can't do alone.

Sorry I kind of rambled.  I am not really thinking very clearly right now."
"Here is my situation.  I tried tonight to go to a Halloween party for my college.  You know, the one where all the girls dress up slutty. 

Anyways, I have tried for four FUCKING years of my college time to get over my shyness.  This is the LAST Halloween school party I can go to before graduation.

Long of the short, I couldn't approach a single girl and left.  

I used to have hesitations about blowing my head of with a gun.  But now I have zero hesitation of doing it in a year if I cant fix this shyness issue of mine.

All I want is for someone to help me.  Someone out there to help me be able to get social with girls.  I took 2 months with a friend to work up from saying hi to girls to asking one for there number three weeks ago.  After that, my friend (she used to be a relationship with me), stopped wanting to help me because her fucking feelings were bothering her.

So now, I have one single friend who is unwilling to help me.  

I don't want someone to try to hospitalize me (that is going to do ZERO for me.  In fact it will probably do infinity worse for me).  All I want in this world is for SOMEONE out there who would be willing to help me get over this shyness to talk and ask girls out.


I don't want ""oh its going to get better"".  I have heard that shit for too long, it hasn't.  I just want ACTION solutions, not FEEL BETTER words or advice.  I just want someone out there who could help me.

I'm in the SLC, Utah area.  If someone in that area would be willing to help me with this (and is good with this part in there life), feel free to contact. 

I really can't take this anymore.

PS:  Yes I have seen a doctor for depression and took medication.  It did zero for my social issues.  I have seen a therapist, they did nothing to help with this.  I have tried self help.  Although I might not be a square one, I'm pretty damn close to where I started."
"Sorry if this ends up being kind of long, I guess I have a lot on my mind.

It all started when I got kicked out of the Air Force during basic training. I got kicked out for being out of shape and failing too many physicals. I can't run to save my life, I'm not actually in bad shape (my pushups and situps were in the top 25% of my flight), I just cannot run. Anyway so when you get kicked out they buy you a plane ticket home, I had them fly me to my Dad's house which is where I was living before I left for basic. 

Since being back I was able to enroll back into school, but I recently dropped two of my classes because I've just lost all motivation to go. Now I only have two online classes, which I am doing well in.

My car payment is two weeks overdue, and I have no money to pay it. I am $4000 in debt with $80 in the bank. $40 of that needs to fill up my empty gas tank and the other $40 I am going to put on my credit card so it doesn't go over limit. I have submitted over 100 applications and gotten 1 call back, went to 5 interviews to work at the Apple Store in my town, and then was told they were going with someone else. That was over a month ago.

I just feel like I've lost all hope. My GPA sucks, I have no money, I have nothing to look forward to. My Dad is the worst kind of person (selfish and pompous) and I can't rely on him for anything other than a roof over my head, which he only provides because if he doesn't my Grandma will lose her shit on him. I wake up every morning fighting back tears because I'm so lost, and I just don't know how I'm going to make it through tomorrow without doing something crazy.

By the way, about my car, my payment is $350 a month and I owe $16000 on it, and I could only sell it for MAYBE $13000 on a good day. I've already sold all my possessions: the only thing I own right now other than clothes and my car is the shittiest possible Netbook I could buy for $200, used. 

I guess I just need someone to talk to. Someone to give me real advice and not just platitudes (for example, my Dad's advice to me today was ""figure it out"", which is really helpful.)

Fuck I just hate this life.

EDIT: I feel like I should add, I need to get out of my Dad's house if I'm going to keep myself alive. I have no idea how to make this happen and my Mom is not willing to let me live with her because her new boyfriend is now living with her and she doesn't have the room. Not even for a month or two."
"OK. So. Bear with me, this is along process. Now, the The universe, all mass and energy, was birthed 14.3 billion years ago. It was at a point of singularity, with no concept of time, space, or any physics we can speak of for an indefinite period… and then, a sudden, seemingly random expansion. ‘big bang’ is theoretically inaccurate, as this was no explosion so much as an inflation, from a singularly dense, infinitely energetic and massive point so small it could fit between a proton and a neutron with light-years between the two and more… anyhow, expansion: stars and matter form out of this energy. Eventually, after enough break down of particles, mass, waves, and energy, we get our Sun. From this, gravity allows particles to collect and form the earth, solar system, et al. The human race is born, dies in a few billion years with our sun, or perhaps before. Every single atom, particle, energy, everything… the sun will eventually become a white dwarf and then transtion to a small black hole, another point of singularity though not infinitely energetic or massive. However, it swallows. A lot. A whole lot. See, it swallows the earth and every other celestial body it can, until an even bigger black hole from perhaps Andromeda swallows it. Now, this process will continue until a seemingly impossibly large (or small) black hole swallows that one, such that all mass, energy, everything is contained in a single infinitely dense, infinitely energetic space so inconceivably small that there is no light, and thus no time, a space that is literally incomprehensible. Thus, the chain begins anew. A new singularity, the same recycled mass and energy, indestructible, eternal forever.

What I mean to say is, we're fucked. Really, really fucked. We are all destined to be swallowed up by some singularity or another. All mass and energy is bound for that same point of singularity that preceded our universe, and will proceed another. Given this information, and the concept that no matter what anyone anywhere does we will be swallowed up by these forces will beyond our control, what *possible* reason could there be to continue on with this existence? I'm not even depressed by the facts, i'm simply accepting. I realize my fate, and share it with every other atomic structure (organic or not)... so, why? I've been struggling with nihilism and philosophical points for a while, but this is just ridiculous. I know... I know that all of this is logical, but not necessarily true. But I feel so *gripped* by it, it stuns me. I haven't seen my therapist in weeks and I'm still not sleeping, and I just feel captured by this idea. I can't let it go, I try to distract myself but it's all temporary. I'm drinking right now, desperate to rid my mind of this seeming inevitability, but I can't. Fuck me, I can't... I'm so tired, so unbelievably sick of thinking, I just want out of these endless loops of logic. I feel like a fucking jack in the box, predetermined to pop up and destined to fall back down. I'm so, so tired of these damned, tyrannous stars...

edit: thank you, everyone, for talking with me... I know, sometimes I am incredibly frustrating to talk with, and I really do understand if you want to throw your hands up and say fuck it. It's exactly how I feel most of the time. I apologize for any errors in thought, reason, et al, and any errors in spelling grammar etc, I haven't slept very much in the past two weeks or so..."
"I've had enough. I'm 28 and my life is not going anywhere. I'm locked up in a mental institution and have no memory, no feelings, just constant despair and confusion. I also have a constant pain in my penis, which never grew normally due to an incedent that happened when I was 10 that I think has interfered with my development and ruined my whole life. I used to be intelligent but those days are well gone, I think I may have brain damage. I caused my dads death 8 years ago, all the stress I put him through worsened his illness and made it terminal. There aren't words to convey how insane and troubled I was in the last years of his life.
I feel like my being here is causing more stress and damage to people. I will locked up for years to come because I was convicted of a crime I did not commit. I have a mum and sister who love me, but I barely remember who they are. There is no point in carrying on. I only have one friend and all I talk to him about are my problems, I feel guilty that he is sticking by me even though i am not going to improve. I constantly envy other peoples lives and emotions.
In the past I have been diagnosed with: major depression; drug induced psycosis; PTSD; Paranoid Schizophrenia and borderline personality disorder with co-morbid depression. My worse symptoms are lack memory, pain in my penis, feeling of unreality, constant fear, inability to talk and think. I need help but feel like I am not getting it in this institution, they have even taking me off anti-depressants."
"So I finally get myself more or less back to dead even financially after 4 months of no work or vehicle (engine shit itself and job was 40 miles away) find a crappy job at a restaurant, work off overdrawn accounts, past due bills, find a cheap car, that sort of thing, then last week I get hit by a hit and run riding my bike to work (car being at home while I clean the carb... god I hate 80's carbs) luckily nothing broken but bruised bone in my foot so have to use cabs while I get the car up and running... yesterday I oversleep and only call the cab company 40 minutes before I need them to get me and wind up being late to work, and lose my job (boss had been looking for a reason to get rid of me since I had told him he could not remove hours from my check to avoid paying overtime)

so now I'm back in the same spot I was at in the beginning, only now with an insurance bill I have no way of paying, and likely will not be able to get unemployment while looking for another job because of being terminated for a legitimate reason (even if it was a first time) I've already done the obvious ""problems finding decent work? dont have college paid for already? come join the military"" and got a ""good"" job as a nuke but dont leave for basic until february, and if I go into debt collectors and such fun i'll lose the security clearance and lose that too.... I just dont think I can do this again, I can deal with the 2 hour walk to work, I can deal with shitty jobs and most anything else, I just cant do this shit again.
sorry for writing a book here, and with terrible grammar to boot, just needed to say something to someone, and i'm the one my friends usually go to for help, so i've got no one that I can talk to when I feel like this is the easiest solution that I wont just get my own advice given back to me

(have been drinking a bit so this could very easily make no sense at all, but i'm hoping i'm a little more sober than that)

thanks for listening"
"I'm sorry that it's pasted from 4chan. I don't really have the strenght to write something new.

&gt;Was a loser in high school, depressed and gay, hoped things will be better at uni

&gt;Chose uni course randomly, didn't particularly care for it

&gt;Still depressed, almost no friends, and rarely hang out, depressed, no boyfriend, no getting laid

&gt;Drop out cause of depression and hate for the city where the uni is and the people that attend it/live there

So now I'm realizing this a huge mistake. My whole future down the drain, I'll spend my life working low end retail jobs and living with mom and dad who barely cope with me being gay. And have I mentioned I lived and now live again in a small village in Eastern Europe? Yeah. That means I'll never have a boyfriend. 

So basically my life is ruined and I'm thinking of suicide. And I mean, sure I could after a year go to back to uni, I have enough credits to pick up where I left off. But why? It's not gonna magically not suck and I won't magically get any friends or a boyfriend.

I'm a total loser, people are just born that way. Might as well off myself, it's not like I'll have offspring."
"i'm 21 years old. i'm at a shitty school even though i got into good schools because i let my parents talk me out of going. i'm over seventy thousand dollars in debt because my mother stole my identity, but i can't bring myself to prosecute because she's brain damaged and it's not her fault. my dad should have been watching her but he continually lets her handle the finances and stuff. she's been an on again/off again drug addict since i was a kid, and i had to bail her out of jail for shoplifting when i was sixteen. i have an incurable, embarrassing disease that most people have never even heard of, and treat it like a joke. i've got a 2.0 gpa because of all the incomplete-fails i have. i just changed my major after three years because i can't pass music theory two despite having played piano for sixteen years.

i was trying to get things in order this semester. new major, and my boyfriend loaned me the two thousand dollars to pay my tuition (which my parents are supposed to be paying back but haven't been). i am seeing a psychologist but it's really doing nothing because she's pedantic and kind of treats me like i'm five. 

i can't find a job because of the debt. i've been turned down ten times from walmart, eleven from mcdonalds, fourteen from wendy's... the list goes on. i'm just not good enough.

my dad's an asshole. he learned about my mom taking money out and didn't say anything. he gets angry whenever i tell anyone i'm in debt. he called my boyfriend (literally the one good influence in my life) a ""[n-word] loving [s-word]"" (he's hispanic). when i was institutionalized this past summer for a mental breakdown he wrote the hospital threatening to take away my insurance if he didn't control my treatment (thankfully my case worker said no).

i was trying to turn things around so they'd be good again but now i find out my sister is fucking dying of cancer. she has six months. i want to die before then because i can't handle the pain of losing her. i'm such a fucking coward i haven't even called her yet. she's only in her thirties. the only reason i haven't already is because my mom would kill herself and my boyfriend legitimately cares about me but it's getting to the point where i don't care. everything in my life only goes wrong, and my boyfriend has even expressed to me that there's ""always a crisis"" in my life so he'd be better off without me.

my friends are having a party tonight. all of them are going. i wasn't invited.

i'm fat, messy, ugly, and nobody wants me. my boyfriend's probably still with me just out of pity. everybody would be better off if  i just slit my wrists and was gone. maybe then i could be happy for more than a little bit at a time."
"Hi suicidal folk and depressed folk alike. I've been thinking a lot about you lately. Someone linked me here a few days ago from another subreddit, and I wanted to come over say something. Anything. I was unable to. I'm going through my own depression, you see.

I've noticed a progression of depression in my life as I've gotten older. It evolves, changes. Some bouts have been altogether ""worse"" than others, but most of them are merely different. Taking different forms, with different and virtually incomparable symptoms.

73 days ago, I quit smoking. It is my tenth attempt, and each attempt has been a little easier than the last. I might actually make it this time. Nonetheless, when asked by someone if I am ""through the worst of it yet"" I responded immediately yes, because I don't have massive nicotine fits anymore, where I feel like I am being boiled alive, and want to massively injure everyone around me. But the more I've been thinking about it, that more I realize that the hard part is just beginning. When I started smoking nine years ago, I supplanted the natural brain chemistry that had run my mind and body up until that point. (I was no light smoker.) I won't speculate too much on the ins and outs of what it means to alter one's brain chemistry, because despite what anyone tells you, the brain is still as mysterious as ever, if not moreso.

Do you know how to do multi-variable math? Yeah, me neither. I do know that that whether it's science or real life, we all learn things by isolating variables. If that sounds jargon-y, it isn't. It's very simple. 

&gt; The quick brown f_x jumped over the lazy dog.

There is only one missing piece, so by process of trial and error, you can plug in every letter of the English alphabet and get a pretty close idea of what the sentence is supposed to be. You might think that the 'fax' jumped over the dog, but no one would think that the 'fex' or the 'frx' or the 'fzx' did so. 

&gt; T_ _  _ _ _ _ _  _ _o_ _  f_ _  _ _ _ _d  _ _ _ _  _ _ _ l_ _ _  _o_.

Now here there are *dozens* of variables. If you were really sharp with patterns in words, you just might intuit that this sentence is the same as above. But in general, you wouldn't even know where to start! How could you? There are no isolated variables.

I'm not at all sure where this is all going, or that it's going a direction that will help anyone, but I want you to remember that this is the state of understanding of brain chemistry. We know a lot; there are lots of extremely sharp doctors and scientists working on this. But we aren't even close to halfway done. Because there are dozens of variables (if not hundreds or thousands, to be honest) to consider when considering a person's brain functioning.

It really bugs me when people refer to mental dysfunction as just a ""chemical imbalance."" Uh...ok... like all of living, breathing life on planet earth is just an ""entropy imbalance"". Sound stupid? (or even incomprehensible?) That's because it kinda is. It's about the most simplistic way one could describe the most complex thing we know of. 

(There's debate over this. A great many people use that phrase, saying it's a good simple metaphor. I just think it's too simple. When memes are too dumbed down like that they tend to propagate in that weakened and largely incorrect way. It's like how, you know how electrons are like little balls that orbit around the nucleus of an atom? Kinda like little planets around a little sun? Right. Except, wrong. That isn't at all what they do. Their ""orbits"" are highly erratic and unpredictable. There's no system of planets or moons in the observable universe that looks *anything* like an atom. They're completely different. You've been using an incorrect mental model because someone decided ""that's close enough"". And maybe for you, it is. But it's still quite far from the truth, and you never know when knowing something will come in handy. Indeed, merely the structure of something totally unnecessary to your life can be highly beneficial in unimaginable ways. Math and music are two prime examples in my own life.)

So, why do I bring all of this up? Is this just another teasing ray of hope in your life, lifting your psirits momentarily only to reach the end of the post and have reality come crashing down upon you once more?  The answer to that seems to me entirely pre-determined by the chemicals in your head. But never fear! My use of the word ""pre-determined"" a moment ago was deliberately tricky.

You know how in every sci-fi that involves time travel, it's always a big deal to not touch anything, because even the slightest change in the timeline could alter history unimaginably? It took me decades to figure out that **that has always been true of the present moment in real life.** Every tiny butterfly's heartbeat, or whatever, alters the course of future history. Don't let that get you down, either. The best part about future history is that it doesn't actually exist yet.

Try doing things differently, just to do them differently. You never know when you're going to stumble upon the variable that was the bottleneck. Try eating more fruit *and letting the juice dribble onto your shirt*. Try going to the gym *and not making eye contact with anyone.* Try crossing crosswalks while skipping *but immediately resume a normal pace on the other side and pretend nothing happened.*

When you have little victories, savor that shit. I mean, stare into nothingness as if it were the eyes of your sworn enemy, now slain at you feet. *Bring a little Klingon passion to your little victories.*

Dont' be afraid to let out a heartfelt ""Yes!"" or ""Yeah!"" The people who inevitably look your way are more startled by the outcry than actually judgmental. And the ones who are judgmental, well, they get to enjoy their own little private hells of mediocre lives.

It's getting to be winter in my hemisphere, **so when you see flowers still around, you smell those motherfuckers.** 

When you see a pretty sky, sunset or whatever, stop and look and breathe.

Breathe.

*post-script: However unlikely it may seem, I love you.*"
"Hey Reddit. 

I'm having flashbacks to a much darker time when I was making near constant suicide attempts/gestures. Since I don't really know what to do to snap out of it... I guess I'm looking for some pick-me-up type stuff. 

I probably won't respond tonight... Since I need to sleep or it'll get worse. :( That said, one of the things that does make me feel better is sharing my poetry. 

The poem I'm sharing is one I wrote when I was in the hospital at my own request after trying some dumb things.... It is what it is. 




“The Bridge”


girders of rusted steel and bird shit

shaking from those going about their lives

trembling from responsibility

one step, then two

each one closer to the center

where one lonely sign sits


one small sign

sitting pretty 

on the post heels kiss 

worn metal craning to admire 

the last thing so many lost 

souls saw 

cold bites and tugs

urging

numbed minds to

take the plunge
"
"At least once a day I think about suicide.  I don't think it's that serious yet, but I at least picture myself doing it once a day.  Usually I picture shooting myself, but I don't even have a firearm, so I suppose it's harmless for now.  I'm not really sure why I'm posting this, but thinking about suicide is sort of abnormal for me and I thought I should share.  This has been going on for about two weeks or so now, before that it was much less frequent, but it's getting worse.  I'll be honest, I don't actually think I could go through with it, so there are probably tons of other people who need help before me, but I'm having trouble getting the thought out of my head.  I just don't know anymore."
"I am a 21 y/o Male. I don't have any friends and my reasons for not having made my exit in the past is that I would not like to put the emotional strain on my parents that I still live with.

I was nagged at by my mum several times to get help and eventually she made the surprise appointment with my doctor. I have tried citalopram, fluoxetine, paroxetine and alcohol but the mental pain forever finds its way back.

I was accused my mum for ""not caring"" recently and it even though it was probably just the heat of the moment it made me consider that she will probably be much happier without me here. With the sort of job I have I fail to pay even the slightest towards the bills yet I use up a lot of electricity. My parents may be grieving at first but would be wealthier when I'm gone and then can sell my possessions. I don't enjoy life so I might as well let someone who does enjoy it to its fullest.

I don't believe in an afterlife or soul freed from the physical. I don't think there would even be dreams or possibility to watch back down in the third person. When I die my heart will stop beating and I will eventually rot away. There is no other side and it will be impossible for me to regret taking my own life.

I find myself asking what is the purpose of my next breath and heart beat. With the hundreds of suicide hotlines around the world, and other places like this subreddit for example why all this prevention? Will the reason be revealed in my last few moments and then me regret initiating the process? Even so I couldn't possibly feel bad about it once complete.

I sit awake through the night wondering with all the planning done, what is taking me so long? What is holding me back?"
"I shouldn't be feeling like such crap right now. I'm a sophomore at mid-sized university about 5 hours from my home, in a pretty nice town. My GPA is still good, so I still have my scholarships, and I just got a job for the holidays at a major retailer, and I have a small group of friends that meet every week or more if we can, and, even though I know most of you guys aren't religious, I attend church services which is where I got my group of friends from. No girl right now, but that's alright.

But, the truth is, a feeling like I have zero drive for life. The only reason I stay so busy is so that I won't feel like a disappointment, to me or my father, who I'm very close to. Most days, I wake, put a fake smile on my face and walk into the world like there's nothing wrong with me, but I feel dead on the inside. I feel powerless, and I don't know what's wrong...

I have a strong desire to go home too, and as of right now, I'm probably gonna do that. I miss my old friends, where I live, and everything, but most of all my family. My dad is probably legitimately one of my best friends, and without him here sometimes I feel like I can't handle myself. I would transfer home, no problem, but I've already transferred once from another college for a different reason, and I don't want to fuck up my career prospects. My hometown has a decent 4-year college that I could go to, but I didn't go to it because I didn't want to be a failure and be the guy that lives at home while he's at college. I feel like that's what I desperately need right now--to just go home, pack up everything, and leave. I know that's not the right thing to do, but I feel like I just can't do it anymore. I don't know if I would kill myself, but right now it just feels like I've lost the will to live, and I've got nothing to live for right now. I know that's not true, but it's what I feel, and I can't get out of it .

Right now, I'm taking St. Johns' Wort, and that's helping take the edge off of it, and I'm going to schedule therapy as soon as my school's fall break is over. But what should I do, Reddit? Should I just go home? Any advice is appreciated...."
"I've been wishing for death for close to 10years and I'm only 17. The only reason I haven't done it is because I don't wish to hurt my mother. 

I just don't know how much longer I can stand it. I've been on anti-depressants for over a month, and been seeing doctors for 3 months. 

Everything around me keeps getting worse and worse, no matter what I've tried. 

Everyone tells me there's a light at the end of the tunnel, and I know it's there, but it seems father and farther away with each day. I don't want to keep suffering when there's only a slim possibility I'll ever reach the light."
"I am heading off to college after this year and I am a little worried about my little brother.  He is a year younger than me and when I leave he will be left alone with my Mother who works a ton.  So essentially he will have plenty of alone time.  I found this in his notebook a few days ago, and was wondering if I should be worried. I know poems don't always mean something, but I would still like some feedback on if I should be worried about something.  Here is what I found: 


Sometimes..
When I look up at the stars..
I don't think I see what everyone else does

I see my life..
Slowly spinning away..
Unraveling into a billion different stories..
Like those stars

And when I see those bright shining stars..
They shine red..
Each star sending a shock of pain down my spine..
Spindling hatred into my veins

I hope for one to burn out..
To provide relief..
But they will keep on shining..
And so will I..
Because I deserve to suffer

And like I said, I really don't want to make a big deal out of nothing.  Everyone here seems pretty wise so I feel I can take each opinion here very seriously.  Thanks everyone."
"I'm not a very eloquent writer so I'll put this in list form. I apologize if my points are unclear...

**Nontraditional**
--Humans are greedy, selfish bastards that will do anything to get ahead
--No one can truly seek happiness because of the corruption of government and corporations
-- Social progress is at a stand still and will not move forward anytime soon
-- I'm curious as to what is on the other side. Whether it be darkness or another life of some sort. (I'm an athiest) But whatever it is, is better than what I have now. I also desire to know answers to questions that are impossible to answer here on earth.


**Traditional**
--Depressed, self loathing, worthless jackass.
--No hope of moving forward in my own life. I have no means of going to a decent college. Parents went bankrupt, no credit, no consigner, no chance of getting a job. The only way to afford college would be by joining the military, but my parents will have none of that. 
--I am an athiest and my entire family are very devout christians. I have to constantly hide who I am from them and nearly scream everytime they tell me to ""pray to god for guidance""


There's just a few main points. The only reason I havn't ended it yet is because I don't want to have others go through the emotional pain I do on a daily basis. That is starting to not become enough. Each day is harder than the last. I've been struggling for the past 7 years. (I'm only 21) Everytime I mention wanting to get help, my parents give me ""that look"" like I'm insane and then ignore me for days because they think I'm acting strangely. I don't know what to do anymore. The only people who would miss me are my family members. So why must I suffer on their behalf?


Edit: Couldn't get bullet formatting to work, so  you have this... sorry"
"Several years ago I was part of an IRC channel dedicated to support for suicide and depression. It disappeared because the original OP and site runner became too busy.  

I've been feeling pretty crappy so I'm going to attempt to man the site as often as I can.

It will be on the freenode.net irc network. you can get there with a free web client from here: http://webchat.freenode.net/
join the channel #alt.suicide.bus.stop

You may not see anyone there, and even when I'm there I may not respond. But please persevere, I'm hoping eventually we will reach critical mass and eventually about a dozen people will be on channel continuously.

See you at the bus stop.


EDIT: 
Rules: you cannot discuss methods. That is, you can't tell people how to kill themselves. The channel is for moral support.

EDIT 2:
I guess there is already a channel for this: #suicidewatch. 
If this channel ever passes critical mass, I'll go back to manning #alt.suicide.bus.stop, but for now, I'll abandon it."
Or am I the only one?
"Suicide Song

By Tony Hoagland


But now I'm afraid I know too much to kill myself

Though I would still like to jump off a bridge


At midnight, or paddle a kayak out to sea

Until I turn into a speck, or wear a necktie made of knotted rope


But people would squirm, it would hurt them in some way,

And I am too knowledgeable now to hurt people imprecisely.


No longer do I live by the law of me,

No longer having the excuse of youth or craziness,


And dying shows a serious ingratitude

For sunsets and beehive hairdos and the precious green corrugated


Pickles they place at the edge of your plate.

Killing yourself is wasteful, like spilling oil


At sea or not recycling all the kisses you've been given,

And anyway, who has clothes nice enough to be caught dead in?


Not me. You stay alive you stupid asshole

Because you haven't been excused,


You haven't finished though it takes a mulish stubbornness

To chew this food.


It is a stone, it is an inconvenience, it is an innocence,

And I turn against it like a record


Turns against the needle

That makes it play"
"I care about people too much.  I wouldn't be able to die unless I managed to get permission from everyone I know and love.  It's a comfort for them, at least, that I will still be around as long as they care about me."
"Im 23 years fucking old... And I'm over it. People see me as a piece of shit. Im accused of sleeping with woman for just one night and never again... Its not because I dont like them because that is as far as it goes. I cant keep a relationship no matter how hard I try. I feel destined to be alone forever in an abyss of self despite. I hate it.

I can not win over a womans heart that I want no matter how hard I try. Its just temporary and Im fucking over temporary; I want it. I hate it. I don't like being that guy. I want a fucking girlfriend that I care for... But every time I fucking try I seem to just be a failure. I cant do it. UGGGG IM SO FUCKING PISSED. FUck this. fuck you.

I feel insecure for the first time ever, admittedly. I'm such a mess I dont know what to do. I just want some one to talk to and vent I suppose, anonymously... "
"Hey reddit,

Just got back from the hospital.... I walked out of my house towards a bridge tonight but when I got up there I thought about it for about 30 minutes and just decided to go to the hospital instead.

Here's to hoping I made the right choice! Seeing a psych sometime in the next two weeks or so. 

I'm kind of just confused as to how I'm supposed to go from here.... I think I'm happy about my choice but I don't know how or even if I'm supposed to express it.

edit: Thanks for the comments so far. gonna go sleep but ill definitively check up in the morning."
"My teenage sister attempted just now and I need some help figuring out what to do, she is safe. This is the second time. She has had serious therapy for the past 8 months. On and off medication until July-August? She seemed to be fine until yesterday when she became quiet, but she has been normal for a while so we (family) let it go. The first time this happened I was scared, but now I need a course of action. We are sitting with her, watching her. My parents could not physically restrain her if it comes to it; this is relevant(understand me). This requires serious intervention beyond ourselves and generally ineffective therapists (4 different ones) and medication. We are very supportive, we give her room but I love her so much. I have read that she wants help, and she has asked to be 'put some where' in notes. At the moment we are calm, but it kills me so much to even write this, because I feel that we have tried so much but can't seem to help her. If you have any experience in these case or thoughts on what to do, reply.This has calmed me down. For those in dark places, be strong. Sry 4 teh grammer.
"
"obviously throw away since I know a few redditors.

I have suffered from depression since I 13 or 14. When I was 15 I was in my first long term relationship that lasted almost 4 years and I believe it was my selfishness and depression that caused the end to it. I loved this girl a lot and I still think about her everyday. I has been over a year since we broke up and there has not been a single day that I have not thought about her. When we broke up I ended up dropping out of school, I was in my fourth year as a CS student and moved away as I could no longer bear the pain. I traveled overseas and try to do things such as go to the Olympics and various other places but nothing could fill that void. Over the past year I have accumulated a little bit of debt and ignored paying it off and had some go to collections. A few months ago I started using drugs and it was the only way i could feel happy. After one night of overdosing I moved back into my parents to get away from it and recently joined the army. I really don't have any friends where my parents live because they are all either at school or working so I hardly even leave my room. I have also started drinking heavily. I am extremely depressed too because my MOS I chosen requires a Top Secret clearance and I am afraid I will not get it since my credit score has gone to crap from the neglected bills. (I have about $6000 at collections). I have also been trying to get a job for the past month so I can start making payments on it to show that I am committed since I have a few months before I ship out but there is no luck. I have tons of experience and even have several Fortune 100 companies on my resume but still no luck and it makes me even more depressed. I am only looking for a job for $8 or $9 an hour and I feel I am way overqualified since there are teenagers with no experience getting these jobs and it makes me even more depressed. I know I have the Army to look forward too however I feel like there is no point anymore since I will most likely not get the clearance needed and will not get my job of choice. Any help here? Right now only this bottle makes it feel better."
"I skipped my classes today. I sit the whole day in front of my laptop. My only best friend came here to my room just now and I just ignored her. I switched off my phone since yesterday.  She had left. I sit here, alone in my hostel room. I have a knife and a bunch of paracetamol on my desk. I'm not crying, just feeling numb and senseless. I'm a mess.

Edit: I'm a bit shaky as I'm typing this. Just puked out the pills but not all. I'm going to contact my friend. Thank you again for your support."
"Background: Age 18, male, currently college student. Two years ago I was major depressive, including a poorly-planned suicide attempt and was going to do something else more drastic until I met my current girlfriend. I am straight, but our relationship is polyamorous. She lives about five hours away now.

Current situation:
Extremely lonely here at school: I have friends, even close ones, but no one I really click with on a deep level. I have low self-esteem and I'm extremely awkward. I've met a girl I have a huge crush on, for almost no reason at all (I've seen her about three times, or total time of about an hour). I'm extremely needy when it comes to human comfort; I haven't so much as touched the shoulder of another human since I last saw my girlfriend. Lack of human contact has almost always disturbed me. Bigger problem: Girlfriend is in hospital with cerebral hemorrhage, and though okay, scares the shit out of me and the stress is getting to me. It's almost impossible for me to go home to see her. Things have been really difficult lately and I've recently found myself shallowly cutting my wrist until I can't feel it anymore when things get extremely bad. During this I often have suicidal thoughts and when something very bad happens, I always think of throwing myself out of my 9th floor dorm window. I need help, but I can't stand doctors and the support groups at my school are all closed."
"A little background: I've been depressed for a couple of years now and have been on Effexor XR. About a month ago a good friend of mine, not even just a friend, but a personal idol and mentor as well, committed suicide. He was married, had 2 boys and a high paying job. At least from the outside, he was a model for what I wanted to be. A loving husband, a doting father, a successful businessman, someone who gave his time for things like Habitat for Humanity, etc. At 43 he decided to put a gun to his head.

During this past month I have become fixated on thinking about situations that could occur in my life that would lead me to want to commit suicide. I've given a lot of thought over the years to death and suicide, but never quite like this. I've never day dreamed and fantasized about situations that would make me want to do it. Typically the day dream surrounds my wife and children being killed in a car accident or something like that.

I'm hoping some others have experienced similar things and can offer insights on whether or not this is normal thought processes or something I should be worried about."
"I made a post a few weeks ago. The basic gist was that my ex broke up with me back in June and that my feelings for him had not abated, that I didn't want to spend our anniversary day alone, and that I wish I were dead.

I said that it was all my fault and was assured that it couldn't have been, but the truth is that it really was. I was emotionally abusive and at least once accidentally hit him when I just meant to push him away.

I still love him more than anything, but I did the usual ""right thing and deleted him from Facebook, started working out to exhaustion, etc. He still talks to me on IM once in a very long while and I'm cordial, but distant when he contacts me. It's extremely difficult, though, and just seeing his username makes me feel a sudden, uncomfortable tightness in my chest that lasts the whole day. It also seems like he only talks to me to tell me subtly how much better his life is than mine.

Yesterday would have been our third anniversary. I was planning on ordering a tank of nitrous oxide and a gas mask to breathe it in with, but I couldn't do it. I could barely even cry.

I feel like I've become estranged from reality. Nothing makes sense any more. I feel like the fundamental nature of reality is somehow illusory, but I can reason that this is not the case, or at least impossible to tell.

I can't believe I treated the man I loved more than anything in the world so poorly that he stopped loving me and never wants to even see me again.

I don't know what to do. I've tried putting myself out there and dating again, but it hasn't worked out.

I don't know. I guess I'm just wasting your time. I'm probably not in any immediate danger. I do wish I were dead, but I don't think I have the guts to kill myself. It's just that I've been living on autopilot for the last few months and I'm so tired and just want to land and rest."
"I don't really know what to say here. Everything in my life is a total wreck. I don't have anything keeping me here. Every time I think to myself, ""it can't get any worse"", it does. I don't know if I do it to myself subconsciously, or if things just keep going wrong on their own. I don't really care to try and do anything about all this anymore, so I just drink from when I wake up to when I go to sleep. I am truly disgusted to the core with myself. I guess that's everything I've got to say without writing a book.

EDIT: Thanks everyone, some sound advice down there."
"I'm going to  fill my car trunk, car interior and a portion of my entryway with fresh oranges.

In ten years time they aren't gonna be wishing I hadn't killed myself, or wondering why I killed myself. They'll wonder what the fuck was with all the oranges."
"I've been depressed for most of my life. I've had anxiety since I was very young along with panic attacks. I've never had therapy or been on medication. I don't want to be. I'm terrified of people and have social anxiety. I tend to lie to people in order to project a positive image, and I have done this even after telling people I have something wrong with me. I try to figure out what people want to hear and I tell them that. I hate feeling like a pushover, so I just don't talk to anyone anymore. 

I got married and lived with my husband on a military base for a year. It was horrible, and the isolation only made things worse. I thought I would feel better when I moved to a new place and went back to school, but now I just feel useless, even more so because now my husband is struggling to adjust to civilian life and I can't give him any support, or don't know how to. 

I have told my husband about my depression and anxiety but he doesn't understand, or doesn't want to. I haven't had a real job in over 2 years. I don't have any skills except over-analyzing everything and being excessively pessimistic. 

I don't have any energy. I get sick all the time but I'm too terrified to see a doctor because I might find out I have a fatal disease. I have no sex life. I despise sex, and I'm starting to realize that I've always hated it. I'm becoming even more alienated from my family. I don't know what to do. 

I'm only in my early 20s and I wake up with so much dread. I can't remember the last time I genuinely wanted to wake up. I used to cry all the time, and now I don't cry at all. I just feel numb. I remember when I was in 7th grade and started having panic attacks, I told myself it would get better once I was in high school. When I was in high school, I told myself it would get better in college. Once I was in college, I told myself it would be better when my fiance got back from Iraq so we could get married. And now I can't delude myself any longer."
"Alright, SW, I've lurked here for awhile and I know the kind of comments I'm going to be getting to this. I'm not even really sure why I'm doing it. Maybe just so that somebody, somewhere, hears that I'm having a hard time? Whatever.

Basically, I'm in my late 20s, and I graduated from a top 10 law school in Spring of 2009. I got good grades, and have been an over-achiever from elementary school on. I was valedictorian of my high school, for instance. But today, and for the past year and a half I've been unemployed. I don't see this changing any time soon.

I can't count how many applications I sent out (although I can count the number of interviews I've had) and the worst thing about this is that this situation is my own fault. Now, it is true that I graduated in the midst of the worst economy most people can remember, but there were a series of bad decisions I made that put me in this position. Put succinctly, I underestimated the depth of the economic down turn and I turned down two offers of employment. One right before graduation and one right after. These decisions were probably the worst ones that I have ever made.

So now, I'm living with my in-laws. I have no job prospects, and, given the job market for lawyers, am unlikely to ever have any. My priorities have always been about personal accomplishments, my career, my upward potential. But now I'm faced with a lifetime of poverty, and, at best, the prospect of being a ""failed lawyer."" 

Basically, life doesn't seem like its worth it like this. Life isn't worth the struggle, pain, and effort when failure is the result and can be the only result. I feel like its the 9th inning, my team has two outs and is down two runs and I strike out. So maybe the game should end, eh?

EDIT: Thanks everyone. I wish I could share the optimism expressed below. The ability of the reddit community to be so supportive really is amazing, and I do appreciate your kindness. "
"about all of the friends I used to be very close with, who never had an inkling of the demons I'd battle off every day, and how they'll react when my balls are finally big enough to do it, and I do.

Good afternoon, to anyone that reads this. I am 19 years old, a student in college, and I am planning on ending my life at some point in the somewhat near future, by jumping off of the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, California. I'm looking forward very much to the last four seconds of my life before I hit the water at ~75mph (~120km/h). I cannot wait to see that pristine blue sky, and the bridge as it falls away from my feet. I can't for the life of me think of anything more beautiful than those four seconds. "
"Hey R/SuicideWatch. I just created this account to post here. Hope you don't mind.

I've never been clinically depressed, or even a serious suicide risk. In fact, I've never told anyone about my hidden thoughts of maybe one day killing myself. I tried to put all the sadness out of my mind and be a happier person. Well, it worked for a while, but like the tide returning to shore, the bad thoughts return to my mind.

A little background perhaps? I'm 22, in my last year of university, single, unemployed, and broke. I'm not very attractive, nor am I in good shape, or particularly intelligent. I have some marginal talents, but nothing that really impresses people. I find myself constantly one-upped by others. For this reason, I am also incredibly self-loathing. When I look in the mirror, I think to myself ""if I had the power to be anyone else around me, at this very instant, with no memory of this life, I would use it."" I cannot stand who I am. I can't look at my own reflection and be happy. I am uncomfortable in my own skin. I feel like I'm being judged and criticized by everyone around me. I'm not particularly proud of any of my ""achievements"", not that there is much to be proud of. It is because of all these reasons that I do not like who I am, or where I am headed in life. Every day it seems like nothing will ever get better.

I look to the future often. No one can ever know what will happen for sure, but I feel like dead or alive, I'll have no future anyway. My only skill is my writing, and even it isn't that great. Sure I've been told that I'm good, but so what? Is there a demand for writers anywhere? Besides, there are a thousand people out there at this very instant that are far better writers than I. Even if they are at the same level, they are most likely more attractive and personable, and are therefore more likely to get a job. Am I shallow for thinking this way? Perhaps, but the world is a very shallow place indeed. Maybe I just see it for what it is. I'm sure I won't ever be in a stable relationship again, almost 100% sure actually. Even the one I was in years ago wasn't great, and it turned me into someone that I look back on in contempt. 
By the way, yeah, you read that right: one relationship. One. That's all. I don't know what it is about me, but almost four years of university and not one girl has ever shown interest. That doesn't help with feeling unattractive or useless either. Then those feelings compound into a brick of low self esteem that weighs me down and keeps me from approaching anyone through a crippling fear of rejection. Sad to say this also means I haven't had sex in a very long time. I'm not a virgin, but I might as well be.

If your first instinct is to tell me to talk to my friends, then think again. I don't have any friends that are close enough to care at all if I offed myself. This is actually the biggest part of the whole thing. I don't feel like I belong enough to any group that I am integral. I'm a background character, an extra, expendable. I don't mean enough to anybody (family excluded) for them to really care. If they do at all, they'll be over it in a few days. Here's the problem: for most of elementary school, I was bullied. I had friends, but we were mostly out-of-school friends, so I had no one to be around during recess that could offer any solace. High school rolled around, and things started to get a little better, but then I moved. This was the worst possible thing that could happen. Halfway through high school, and my parents tell me that I have to start all over again. I only went to my other school for three years, not nearly enough time to form long-lasting friendships. Now I'm left with no one, the distance between acquaintances becoming greater with each passing year. They don't make the effort, so I return the favour.

Please don't take this as a ""poor me, I have no friends and can't get laid!"" post. There is more to the story. In 2009, my Dad passed away from lymphatic cancer that spread to his brain. My mom was left widowed at 51. I don't know for sure, but I am extremely worried that my Mom is working her way into a pile of debt that will be irredeemable, and being in university, part of the blame falls on me. I am, to put it bluntly, a financial burden. Plus I know that I will never be able to pay her back since I won't get a good job, and will probably end up living unemployed in her basement.

Maybe I’m a coward. Maybe I’m just afraid to face life and finally come to terms with where I’m going. Then again, should I have to sacrifice my happiness just because killing myself would make some people sad? Is it worse to die alone on your terms, or is it worse to live out a life devoid of meaning until one day your doctor says “guess what, you have cancer” and you die slowly on a hospital bed? Why should I torture myself for the sake of others? Is that selfish? If it is, then it isn’t fair. I’ve tried to be a good person. I’ve done good things, I hold doors for people, I’m polite, I give money to charity, I support my friend’s band. Hell I won’t even tell the girl I like how I feel because of how it will inconvenience her. I’m not a racist or a sexist or a bigot, and yet it has got me nothing. 

NOTHING. AT ALL. What the fuck is the point?

So I guess what I'm saying with all of this is that suicide, for me anyway, seems like a decent idea. I don't mean to belittle anyone else's struggles, but I feel like my life has no meaning, and that it will never have meaning. I fear I will never be happy or stable in life. If the only options are unhappy life and certain death, then why take the risk? I should also note that I am not a severe suicide risk, but the thought of it is ever present in my mind. Am I being totally irrational?  
TL;DR 22, life is shitty, will probably remain shitty. Suicide seems like viable option. That’s how bad it is.
"
"My life is one big mess. I don't know what is wrong with me, but I have become this anxious, nervous, socially awkward insecure girl. I'm 22 and this is supposed to be the best time of my life and it's turned into me having no close friends at all, no one that I can really talk to, and having a really shitty family life.

I blame myself completely. I don't know how to relate to people and I don't know how to talk to them anymore. I have all these expectations of what friends and family are supposed to be like and when a situation occurs that is against my expectations I lash out. To my family especially, that is when I'm at my worst. When I think of the person I am I NEVER see myself as being capable of being the monster I am when my parents or family upsets me. These are supposed to be my people, the people I am supposed to be comfortable around and able to talk to and I can't at all. I feel like they constantly judge me and demean me because they want me to be a better person and they have no idea how to get me to be.

I am just so upset with my life, the person I have become, and the people that are in my life and I don't know what to do.

The reason I am writing this is because I just got into it with my mom and dad. They get home from work and I simply wanted to tell them that my uncles very young very sexy very nothing like me wife called and left a message asking me to hang out with her. I have nothing in common with her, she makes me feel really uncomfortable when I'm with her alone like having a cig outside or something bc I don't know what to say to her or anything. She just makes me feel insecure about myself more than anything. So I just told my parents that she called and they begin hassling me into hanging out with her. ""well maybe you should go hang out with her. shes a lot better than any of your friends and she's family. it will give you something to do etc."" and this just set me off. for some reason i fucking flew off the handle. raised my voice to levels i didn't know were possible. it makes me feel so shitty inside that they responded like that rather than just laughing at it like i did. they should know by now that i don't like being around her that much. like i said, it makes no sense to me why this hurt me so bad, but it really did. and it turned in to me shouting about how they dont understand me, they never will, they aren't supportive or understanding parents, which as much as they want to be they really arent, and that i can't communicate with them.

it sucks. everything sucks right now. i need to hear from you guys. how do i deal with this. how can i stop being so psychotic and insecure?

to boot - i'm overweight, not confidant in myself at all, have used fake pictures of girls for years online to get guys to talk to me and i have actual long distance relationships with them until they find out or i tell them meanwhile, there are several guys i know on facebook that live around me that want to be with me but im too scared to meet up with them in person bc my fb picture makes me seem a lot thinner than i am -- i am just so fucked up in the head. what should i do? please help"
"He's been having a really rough day, week, month, year, etc. Definitely would be worth it to PM him. Tonight's a really really bad night. 

Come on guys, I know you can help. "
"im looking to get professional help. i have been diagnosed with depression when i was younger, was never treated really and thought of this as a youth thing.
for the last year or so i have been immensly depressed. 
i have a supporting family, im dating, i had a job up until recently. i cant stop thinking about hurting myself, i cant bring myself to talk to anyone. today i had been sitting in my bathroo, cutting my arms. 
i dont know what to do anymore. my financial situation is bad (but this is not the reason for my depression, more likely it is caused by it) and i fear i cannot afford treatment and im ashaned to ask my family for help, moreover i dont think they can afford it as well. 
can anyone a place where i can get help? location:toronto.
thank you."
"**UPDATE: She's okay.**

I took a change of clothes just in case I spent the night or had to go to the hospital with her. The whole drive there was full of doubt. I kept telling myself that I was being ridiculous by going out in the middle of the night to her house without her grandparents permission. But I knew I had a feeling she'd appreciate the company. 

Went over there to her house and her aunt let me in. I went to her room to check on her and be by her side for a little while. She was startled to hear a male voice talking to her as I was opening her door. I told her who I was and that I was sorry for scaring her, and that I just wanted to make sure she was okay.

I talked to her for a bit. Comforting her and explaining to her that nobody would be happy if you were gone. I think she was pretty happy that I came over to see her. I'm really glad I went over there.

Unfortunately, she insisted that I couldn't stay, as her grandparents would be highly displeased, as they know nothing about what is going on. I understood this, and knew that it would probably be better if I sat down and talked to them about it instead of surprising them on a school morning while everyone's trying to get ready for work/school.

She doesn't want me to tell them because she doesn't want them to go through the drama if she changes her mind. When I asked her to explain what she meant by ""changing her mind"", she said that she doesn't want anyone to go through the drama if she decides she still wants to end it. I hope I talked her out of that idea, but I couldn't convince her to let her grandparents know what's going on just yet.

I'm not sure what my next course of action is yet. I know I probably... scratch that... *absolutely* need to tell the grandparents, but it's going to be really tough to convince her that it needs to be done.

------------------
We're both 18.

She's going through family troubles, and has been her whole life. She's living with her grandparents. She visits and speaks with her divorced mother and father fairly often. 

She is getting that feeling that we all know: nobody cares about me and I am just doing everyone a favor. She told me, ""I'm not doing it tonight."", but I know I can't just sit and wait and assume that nothing's wrong.

She doesn't want anyone to know that she is feeling this way. But I know that her grandparents HAVE to know what is going on. They really do care for her, but she can't shake the feeling that nobody cares about her.

I'm not sure what I am supposed to do. I know what I want to do, which is tell her grandparents so they can be supportive, but I don't know if that's just going to make it all worse for her in her head, as she wants to be self-reliant. She keeps stressing that she wants to be self-reliant, and doesn't want to ask for help from anyone.

I was about to drive to her house while I was on the phone with her tonight. She heard my car beeping as it was reminding me to buckle up as I cranked the car. She told me that she wouldn't let me in if I came over. I feared that if I went over anyway and made this into a big commotion with her grandparents in the middle of the night, it would've been way worse. I'm not worried if it turned into a big commotion, I'm only worried that it'd just be the deal-breaker for her if I made this into something bigger than it actually is. But then again, I understand suicide is something that you should never wait out and hope for the best. I feel like I've got to do something.

But every time I think that it would be bad to get her grandparents involved and making this into a huge commotion all-of-a-sudden, I realize that I'm probably letting something way worse happen to her right now by not acting.

I'm so tempted to call and wake her grandmother and ask if I can come stay the night to make sure she's okay, because I really do care a lot about this girl. I only wish it could work out the way I am hoping for in my mind, which is to call and tell her grandmother that something is going down, and that I REALLY need to see her.

But I don't know what to do. I'm pretty sure guilt and regret will tear me to pieces if something does happen and I don't go right now to check up on her.

I just feel like she could use someone by her side tonight to feel loved."
"I have this strong hunch that ever since I started smoking cigarettes last January my depression has been going away. One thing I noticed is that my desire to kill myself has been slowly replaced by a desire to get addicted to heroin (which is probably a progress). I also noticed that my social interactions became a bit more fluid, my self-esteem rose up to a normal level, and even though there's still a long way to go I feel much more stable and happy about little things (like cleaning dishes, getting work done, talking with people, etc). I also have less maniacal urges or feelings of grandiosity.

Is this normal or can it just be me justifying my addiction?

I basically smoke pot two-three times a week, smoke around 14-15 cigarettes every day, drink around once a week, and recently started taking melatonin each night. 

I understand that cigarettes have MAIOs in them (which are antidepressants). Does it make sense to get a prescription for MAIOs or stabilizers (in case I have bipolar)? Cigarettes are awesome but I do dislike smelling horribly."
"After my father's suicide, I began hearing voices. It's always the same thing, ""Kill yourself. You deserve to suffer. Burn."" Unlike any other mental phenomena, I can feel no familiarity or ownership when it comes to those thoughts. At least, until they pass. I'm not sure if this is true psychosis or masochistic self torture. 
Everything I used to distract myself from depression is failing. I used to love creating art and simply walking through my imagination. Slowly, that ability has faded. I can't create anything, not even a well written paragraph. I devoured texts during my teens...now I feel nothing looking at all the wonderful books left to read. My intellectual curiosity is also ebbing; it's clear that in a year or two it will be gone too. I'm terrified no one will attend my funeral because I'll die far before I'm buried. I have no access to treatment or connections who could help. Any help or advice would be wonderful."
"Hello. I am a physician(anesthesia), and work in an often stressful environment. I was depressed long before I became an MD, and let me tell you, it does get better.
Through my teenage years, I was very very depressed, and attempted suicide at one point. I was picked on, singled out, and lonely. Many of my high school class mates never took the time to get to know me, I thought it was something with my personality, and maybe it was, maybe I alienated myself. The one thing that always kept me going was my dream of one day helping others, I wanted to be a doctor. I worked my ass off, even through the worst of times during high school, and got into an elite university. Again, I often felt depressed, but not as much due to my acceptance as an intellectual. 

People came to know me, because I realized I needed to get to know them in order for them to get to know me. 
Through all of this depression and loneliness, I sought some sort of secret to happiness, something that worked for everyone, but more importantly, something that worked for me. I eventually came to a conclusion, there is no secret, life is what you make of it. I started therapy and eventually worked out my issues.

Fast forward to a few years ago, I was diagnosed with brain cancer. As I stated, I am a doctor, I knew what this entailed. I kept working through chemo and luckily it was an operable tumor. The idea of my own mortality struck me as something very profound. I had a growth in my head that could do for me what I had so greatly desired as a youth; death. Oddly, when faced with this, I had the strongest desire to live. I noticed the beauty in every day life, I love the smell of flowers, I love to look at the stars. I am an atheist, so don't feel like I am making a faith based message here.

What I realized, is that one of the major reasons I was depressed was, I did not realize how amazing life is, and how lucky I am to have won the universal lottery. I know many of you see the world as bleak and empty, are hopeless and alone, but you are not. Please, if you feel as though you really cannot take it, get professional help, these are my experiences only. Maybe, getting the help you need will encourage you to help others having similar issues, maybe not, but it just may save your life, and not the life filled with darkness, a life filled with passion and appreciation for the world around you. Please, get help if needed. You never know when someone may need YOUR help!

"
"For a while now I thought the nightmares and dreams I've been having were becoming more and more vivid but it was only recently that I've come to realize that it wasn't that they were becoming more vivid but rather my real life was becoming more dreamlike, drowsy and insignificant to me. Sometimes I dream of my home with all these extra corridors and rooms and doorways into other realms and I wake up and lay in bed for hours thinking about those places until I realize that they don't actually exist. Its not surprising, Everyday its the same thing, I wake up and just zone out until I have somewhere to be like school. Hours pass me by, often I can't even remember what I've done with the time, I'm there in my head thinking about my life and certain aspects, always thinking but never really there in the moment. I think my grasp of reality is fading, I have very little social contact with the rest of the world. Its like I'm watching my dull life as a movie now and not really living it. I don't have any friends and my family, though me and my brothers are close, seem to maintain an unspoken agreement that we should never talk about our emotions. 

My parents act like drones too, its like I don't even know who they are, all they do is watch TV all day and occasionally when times are tough they make it obvious that they hate this position their in with having spent their lives raising kids though it doesn't really bother me anymore I don't think I ever needed their acceptance I just hope they don't ever expect me to take care of them in their old age as I don't feel anything for them. Though no one wants to know as a child that their parent's are done actually caring for their children by the time they're born like they're just another item off the assembly line. As a child I always felt old, a thousand years old, not being able to relate to anyone my age, just watching and observing as if I didn't belong there at all.

I don't think I've ever felt love or cared for any other human in my life. For a short time me and this girl in high-school who I was good friends with were having sex without any actually relationship(she like weird guys and I filled the requirements) and then she suddenly cut it off, she thought I was boring and I suspect also because I was atrocious at sex. When me and her were having sex I couldn't help but think of how ridiculous the reality of the situation was, how bizarre and over romanticized the act of sex was and it was hindering my performance when all I wanted to do was enjoy myself. So the only person who has ever reached out to me for a relationship thinks I'm worthless, its left me feeling pretty unmotivated to look for a girlfriend. I look into peoples eyes and they don't seem human, they're cold and calculated and often even predictable and I often think of how little It would make a difference to me if I were the only human left on the planet, it actually seems like a really nice idea as I could go anywhere I want, I feel trapped now, this house is a cage.

Its not that I don't think people aren't capable of emotions like I am its just that I feel like I would have to wade through millions of them before I could find one that was actually sentient, everyone seems so sadistic, they always have someone they hate, I don't want to hate anyone and I don't understand why everyone wants to cause so much needless drama in their life. How can people who act so sadistic be human like I am? Sometimes I get so caught up with these pondering that I forget where I am, sometimes I get so made thinking about a point in my life when someone was being unfeeling and cruel to me that I punch the air as if I were really there thinking about how it doesn't matter if they get hurt because they can't possibly be human and want to cause such pain for no reason.

 I don't think I have the guts to finish myself off as its always been a reassuring feeling ever since I was a little boy, if I had a more convenient way like a gun or a pill I wouldn't hesitate. Perhaps this was more appropriate for /r/depression but I'm starting to feel like any means of release would be sufficient. I'm sorry this was so hastily and poorly written I just don't want to think of any of this for longer than I have to."
"My aunt recently just ended her life, leaving a 6-month baby boy and a husband behind. The thought of her not here with me anymore, is unbearable. Let alone, my baby cousin is going to grow up without a mom.  

Yet, I want to share something with everyone--especially those who are @ the edge...

Remember that you are not alone. Regardless if you live 5 hours away from your girlfriend, or lost in touch with your family. You have strangers around that have a big enough heart that will care to not let you end your life. But rather restart it. :)

There are international suicide hotline numbers that are available for you to call, there are resources for you to read. If you need someone to be there for you, go to your next door neighbor, or a tea/coffee shop, anything! As long as you realize that you're not alone, you're taking THE PROACTIVE step to not ending your life.

Remember, death is not a selfish act--but a selfless action. It'll happen when it NEEDS to, not WHEN YOU WANT IT TO."
"This is a throw away account. I have always just toughened up and dealt with things on my own. This is the first time I have ever reached out to anyone so please bear with me if I become incoherent or my train of thought strays. I meant to do this a while ago but have put it off out of self pride, self stubbornness or just the feelings of utter futility of any efforts I undertake to help better myself or improve my lot in life. 

Without even knowing it, you the Reddit community, have already helped me. I stumbled across your site earlier this summer. I had already decided to end my life and was pretty much trying to wrap up certain bucket list items. Watch TV shows that I always wanted to but denied myself for austerity reasons and always promised myself that one day I would splurge and get cable TV. Fast forward to this year things look like they are unsustainable. The effort to now live is now more than the desire to live it. So I came to a conclusion/realization/ that I am playing a no win game that has no point and I no longer have the wish or energy to play it any longer. I was always a fan of Mythbusters and The Daily Show and the Colbert Report so I hit the internet and I spent some time catching up on shows It was a link from the Steven Colbert that guided me to Reddit.
I have to say I love this site. I like the information, the debate, the diversity intelligence and opinions, the humor, the articles, the opinions even the trolls are sometimes funny and entertaining. You have made me laugh, you made me cry, you educated me, you challenged my formally held beliefs, you showed me things that infuriated me and you showed that in this hard and horrible cynical world that there are still people who care. ""You'll laugh, you'll cry. It's better than Cats and I'm going to read it again and again"" is how I see Reddit. Yeah, some of you can probably guess my age now. I tend to use humor a lot to block the pain. ""If you are laughing you can't be afraid""- Stephen Colbert. I like to think most of my jokes are funny, I usually get a positive response even if its just a snicker. So here I am. If life went according to plans I would have already been dead and people would be picking through my stuff trying to figure out why I kept all this junk.

I am unemployed. On the window behind this one is my Resume which I have been working on for about a month or so. But as I look at the page and I think back to my work history it just sends me into a deep depression. Last night while working on it and tailoring it to a specific job that I saw advertised on a site I had all these feelings just overcome me. The same feelings I had when my Mom died. It made me sick and I had to go lie down and cry. If I am to be completely honest on my resume I would have to state ""Yes you will hire me, you will find me to be a dedicated hard worker and deeply interested in your company improving it's flow and methods to serve it's clients faster and easier. You will soon find me the pivotal go to employee who you can rely on to get the job done no matter which department it is. You will be delighted with my lack of drama and my desire to accomplish things. You will delight in my ability to go around other employees to fix problems while everyone else forms a circular firing squad. You will then think of me as a tool or a machine you can manipulate to get that extra little bit of production out of  without having to add compensation. You carelessly will throw obstacles at me just to needlessly ""challenge"" me because obviously if I am doing my original job with out drama then I must not be fully utilized. You will disrespect me. You will denigrate me. You will devalue me. I will put up with it and tough it out because I can and I am stronger than you. And because I want the job or need the job, until I don't. Then I will quit. You will suddenly become nice and ask me to return. I will refuse.""

If this happened a time or two it wouldn't be a big deal but this has happened over and over and over again. 

"
"I woke up to my sister coming in my room crying, and the day has just gotten worse. I just want everyone to know that taking your own life is never the answer. There is so much you can do to change what you have now. The possibilities are endless. This is one choice that you can't take back, and you never know how much you mean to people."
"im so sick of therapy. im sick of taking meds. im tired of waking up every day with a completely new view of life...sometimes great, sometimes horrible. why is it so hard to be happy?

im suffocating...and nothing makes it go away but drugs or alcohol or sleep. 

ive exhausted my husband and my mom to the point where it would be worthless to talk with either one of them. they are so sick of me constantly losing it. i dont want to die. i want to live. i dont know how to live. there is just too much pressure, too many expectations. 

god, i'm such a broken record. "
"my roommate neglected to feed/care for my cat one weekend, when she realized he was gone she didn't even bother looking for him, and now is the time i need him most.
the person i have loved for two years, who i thought was my best friend tells me that they find no reason to have sex with me as well as the fact that he doesn't like talking to me because he doesn't find me engaging. they're also talking to their ex-love now, neglected to tell me this. 
my supposed ""best friend"" and roommate is leaving halfway through the contract and doesn't feel like finding a new roommate for me and doesn't want to help me pay the bills for this house, that i can not afford by myself.
and now, because i have been spending most of my free time making fliers for my cat, walking around the neighborhood going door to door to ask everyone within a two block radius of our house if they have seen my darling cairo, and searching for him, calling his name, i am about to fail some very important classes for my majors.

i have thought of suicide every day but the only thing that holds me back is my love for astronomy and everything science. i believe i can change the way people view and understand their place in the universe and its what i want to do the most. i think it's so important for the future of the human race.
"
"i dont want to seem like i want attention or anything, i guess ive just been reading through SW, and thinking back to all the times i've felt like i do right now... and i can't help but wonder whether anything really does get better. 
i guess i'm being annoyingly vague right now, but TL;DR: as usual, i want to die, and whether or not i ""get better"" soon, im quite sure that in a few months, give or take, i'll  be right back here again.


edit: my oh my was i being vague

i dont know if this is relevant anymore or at all but 
i'm : mid twenties,  recently went back to university, i've one hell of a long history with depression/suicidal ideation and attempts (12 years just about), i'm originally from haiti so lets say its been a rough year, 
and when i say ""does it really get better"" i guess i mean **can someone who's essentially chronically depressed and suicidal at least once a year ever actually ""stop it""**, or are some people and some situations a lost cause?

i realize this is a weird thing to ask a subforum, even this one, but my brain is in a weird place right now, i guess i'm a little erratic"
"First, I apologize. I know this is the wrong subreddit, but I don't know where to post just to get this off my chest. I'm not suicidal, but I'm broken.

I met her in City of Heroes back in 2005, where she played a Defender who kept my suicidal Blaster healed. We had a lot of fun together, and played different games over the years, the latest one being LOTRO.

During all this time, we formed a big friendship. Amazing how much you can care for someone after five years of chatting and ventrilo, when it's late at night and nobody else is around to hear your ranting and troubles.

I'm not in the US, but I planned to go visit during one a gaming convention. This is where the US border police got in the way: my tourist visa was rejected twice because I ""couldn't provide enough proof that I wasn't trying to illegally immigrate"". Because people who are trying to illegally immigrate go through the work of applying for visas, filing a ton of paperwork, finding **more** paperwork after being rejected once and trying again. I got annoyed at this at the time, but after I while I started shrugging it off, saying ""the US can't live in a bubble forever; they'll have to relax the policies sometime. I'll go visit someday.""

Now it looks like I'll just be visiting her grave. She hadn't been online for two weeks, at a point where we were just getting into LOTRO and about to buy houses in the same neighborhood with everybody else in the kinship. I held on buying the houses until she came back online.

I talked to her boyfriend, who said she was very distand and seemed depressed. I figured that if she wanted to tell me, she'd get online and tell me. And then, two days ago, she fainted and was rushed to the hospital, where the doctors found a ""sizable tumor"" in her brain and scheduled her for emergency surgery which happened last night. It was supposed to last two hours; it was more like four.

She made it out of surgery, but the results are not good. She has less than a year to live.

I can't even send her a card or flowers to the hospital because my debit card is not accepted in the US. I highly doubt that the US will change its policy to keep people out before her year is over.

And once she gets home, I feel terrible about the idea of keeping her online to talk and play when she only has one year left. I feel that every second she is in LOTRO it's a second she could be spending doing something more meaningful with her life. Which at the same time makes me wonder what the heck am I doing with my life, wasting so much of it online.

I'm just all around broken over this. I made this new account with my real name because I feel I'd be distancing myself from the subject if I used a nickname. I know there's nothing I can do, and that's the worst feeling in the world."
"I feel completely lost and overwhelmed. I owe almost $4,000 in taxes for 2009, have to register my car AND pay a $169.00 ticket for it by November 18th, and as it currently stands, I am about $400.00 short of making my rent and utilities payments on the 1st.

I work at a job I hate, not because of what I do, but because of how the business completely disrespects and disregards their employees. I feel like I'm basically fucked. I'm likely to lose this job after being there for two years because I honestly hate being there so much - I have been stalling on making a resume and applying to another company that I think I could be happy working at because I'm worried that I won't be hired... Stupid, I know, but I think it's maybe because I feel like that job is the best option I have, and if I don't get hired there, I will feel completely lost.

I share a one bedroom apartment with my wife and two cats. My wife is going to school on grants and scholarships alone, and was left with about $25,000 of debt from her previous marriage. Due to her heavy school schedule, she has no time to take a job.

This is my first apartment. Before now, I've always lived with roommates or family, and have never been responsible for bills and everything. I have no idea how to budget my money. My wife tries to help, but she can't really take on managing them herself.

I've pretty much gone from little to no real responsibility to being responsible for two people. I'm still kind of amazed from time to time that I've been able to make it this far, but I've been feeling lately like my luck is going to run out, and being that I've got so very much more at stake now than ever before, it's a huge weight that I'm more than panicked to be under.

For years, I've always had this strange feeling that I wouldn't make it past 30... Another silly thing, yes, but it's stuck around for a long time. I've battled with depression and suicidal thoughts for years, but have never tried anything.

It feels different now, though. I am feeling so overwhelmed by all of the things that I am responsible for, and I wonder how the fuck I'm ever supposed to make it through life if I'm already this overwhelmed at 28 - How will I ever make it to the point of owning a home, or fuck, a new car?

I know my life isn't as hard as that of some people, and for that, I'm grateful, but I feel like any time now, that other shoe is going to drop, and my wife and I will be completely screwed.

Please help me out with some advice, something, anything. I came here because I need help. I'm not on the brink of killing myself yet, but lately, I've felt more and more often like it's a viable option. I don't want it to get that far."
"I hate my life right now. I hate feeling how I am feeling. I want it to stop. 

My entire life I've had anxiety troubles. Especially as of recently it's become overwhelming, to the point where I couldn't even hold a job without getting physically sick and massively depressed. I thought going back to school would help and I guess it did for a bit. 

I was living with a girl at the time and she was kind enough to support me while I got back on my feet. After the economy went to shit I was laid off from a job that I absolutely loved to working for shit people and shit companies and doing shit jobs. But then she cheated on me. She was virtually perfect for me. This has just pushed me over the edge. I desperately want to know what I did to ruin our relationship but I can't get a straight answer. Now I'm stuck somewhere I can't afford. I can't afford to talk to a professional. My anxiety has skyrocketed, I don't even know if I could convince myself to talk to someone even if I could afford it. I feel like she is the only person I could talk to, but she hurt me so damn bad that it just makes things worse.

So here I am. Getting drunk. Trying to find a sturdy enough rafter."
"I have mental issues. I have no family and no friends. My net worth is about -20,000, I'm about to lose my job, and my girlfriend and I are about to split. She's the last person I know or have contact with. Fuck I'm only 22 and don't even have my physical health.

My mental issues have gotten much worse recently and have prevented me from getting or keeping friends and are probably going to keep me from getting another job after this one is gone.

It's not even something usually considered serious. It's just really severe anxiety and depression. It's so severe that I've created and live in my own little world. Sometimes I feel like I completely lose touch with the reality of things around me. Seriously, you should try to see me interact with another human being. It's weird, awkward, alien, and pointless. I don't feel like I'm even human anymore. I feel like I'm some sort of foreign or alien entity in a human body stuck in a completely existentially nonsense world. My internal sense of identity is all fucked up. The word ""I"" doesn't feel right. There isn't a proper pronoun to describe me/I/it... if that make sense.

I've been down the therapist and medication route. That was what I did for two of the last four years with virtually zero impact. 

Since all of this started I feel like I have been mentally holding onto a rope with all of my strength while suspended over a pit of spikes or magma. It was easy at first but I've been gradually been worn down and there is no escape. I'm really ready and really just want to finally be able to let go of the rope. 

Oh yeah throw in some substance abuse, self medication, and extreme paranoia too. I really do believe this situation is hopeless and that things are going to be like this forever. I really just want to let go."
"Hello reddit,
Pardon my English, I'm from Ukraine. I've been suffering from depression since 15. I'm a social outcast, who's only refugee is the internet. I'm 18 and live with my mother, who's been single since my birth. She is a teacher, and for years she obviously expected me to be brilliant in all subjects at school, I tried to meet that expectation. However, somewhere in 2007, she tried to transfer me to another school, which had catastrophic consequences, being used to not learning and getting good grades, I immediately panicked as soon as I saw how hard it is to actually learn. I fell into depression, which resulted in over 2 years of homeschooling. Everything was going downhill from there. Recently I noticed I lost the ability to learn or concentrate (internet addiction), combined with my laziness and no presence of will or self worth, I seem to be heading to inevitable failure. I'm currently in the senior year of highschool, and I have major problems with math, since I missed a lot of material. Exams are not far away, and I know that I'm not even remotely prepared to pass them. I get into conflict with my mother EVERY day, constantly furthering my depression, and did so for the past few years unless she was abroad. I know how she must be feeling, a once brilliant student, deemed fail over his lack of will. The great irony. This is the part where I don't see any purpose. I've been having suicidal thoughts for years now, sometimes rational, sometimes not. But now it's slowly boiling down to the part where I'll have no choice anyway. I have no friends, never did, I have trouble communicating with people my age, even my dog, who probably kept me from complete depression, died recently. I don't really see the point of living; are they earthly pleasures? (quot futurama) Some hogwash about the human spirit? Love? People? These things seem too little in exchange for the suffering I have and will have to endure during my pathetic lifetime. I know I should be grateful for a lot of things, there are people much less fortunate than me, but I am too weak to take all this, perhaps it's even a mental illness. Society won't miss someone like me..."
"It's getting really fucking hard to keep going. I don't know if I have the strength to do it anymore. I've always been the odd man out. Never picked for teams in school, never played with anyone on the playground in elementary school, never picked for lab partners in middle school, never had any friends in high school. I thought college would be different because everyone's ""so much more mature"" then but it was the same too. I'm always ""not the kind of friend"" you hang out with. Yes, people have actually said those words to me. That I'm not the kind of friend you hang out with. Just someone you run into now and then if we happen to be in the same public place at the same time, or someone you see in the halls at school.

Relationships are all the same too. I'm either too emotional, or not emotional enough. Too serious, or not serious enough. I'm either clingy or I don't seem to want to be with them. Smart ass, or dumbass. No inbetween. And even in relationships, I'm not allowed out with friends or at parties, or get togethers. Ditched, blown off, whatever you want to call it. I'm just a throw pillow with a dusty dildo. Something you keep around at home for comfort, and maybe have sex with once in awhile if I'm lucky, but beyond that, I don't belong. Even after talks with girlfriends about these issues, it doesn't change. My current one has even told me ""If you died, no one would care."" It makes me feel unloved, unwanted, and empty. The only thing that comes close to filling that void is the glow of my computer screen now. Like it always has, the computer screen, or a video game, that's all I have left. The only things that don't ask more of me than I can give, and reciprocate. The only things that want me to be there. Typing this out is the best I've felt in weeks, but that doesn't say much.

I used to produce my own music, but I haven't felt like making a song in months. I start, just to see what I can do, make a measure if I'm frisky, then just lose interest. I used to write poetry, but when I open a blank document or take out a blank sheet, nothing. I used to exercise, now I barely have the gall to make it to my car to get to work. There's nothing left inside me. Even with video games now, I'll turn on the old psp, or start up steam, even minecraft, then just stare at the screen. Now I just kinda stare at the walls or at my desktop and smoke cigarettes.

I've been through this before. The only thing that kept me going was ""tomorrow might be different."" But it never was, and never is. Then the only thing that got me through was the bottom of the next bottle, but I had to stop doing that to myself and keep trucking. I've been at this for years, and I'm ready to give up. I've been to a therapist, he was perplexed. I've talked to a counselor, she said to see a therapist.

I'm just so tired of being made to feel like I'm shitty, worthless, talentless, unpersonable, and what have you. Only thing people seem to have to say about me that's good is that I'm a good worker. But that's all it is, work. And I'm not about to spend the rest of my life living to work and working to just survive.

I don't know what else to say. Don't even respond if you don't want to. I just need to say something to someone since the only people that hold conversations longer than 30 seconds with me are people on omegle, and that's just the time it takes for them to read that I'm not a 14 year old girl."
"no matter what it is i do, i fuck it up.
i have 5 classes this semester and im failing 3 of them because im a lazy piece of shit. i want to drop out of school but at the same time i dont. if i did drop out i would have to live with my parents and pay them back the exorbitant amount of money i owe them. but i cant live with my parents. i would fucking kill myself without question. i dont know what to do. the only future i see for myself doesn't seem worth it

edit: everything went better than expected "
"My best friend is suicidal.
The only reason he is here today is me. I am literally the only thing keeping him in this world, and that is only because he knows it would absolutely destroy me if he went.

I don't feel good about posting here, because I don't want to betray his trust, but I am going to fucking fall apart if I don't talk about it or get some help. I'm the only one to help him, but I'm nearly as fucked up as he is. I am not as hopeless as he is, nor do I feel like I'm in imminent danger right now. But I am incredibly, incredibly depressed and have spent a few hours the past few days seriously contemplating whether I want to live.

I convinced him to see a therapist, but he says he's tried and they don't work. I suggested he needs to try medication, because he has chemical issues that have been diagnosed. He doesn't want to do that because he doesn't want to change. He has no support from anyone except me.
The scariest part is when he tells me he doesn't even care. He doesn't want to try, he doesn't have any interest in getting better. He doesn't want it to. He's only not dead because he knows he would send me over the edge. He's also obliquely said that when I get better and can do without his help he'll go.

I have no idea what to say to him. He comes to me to talk and says these things that terrify me and I don't know what to do. I want to help him so much, I want to make his pain go away but I don't see where to even begin. All I can do is sit there and try to argue, but he just cycles between ""I can't"" ""It won't get better, it never does"" and ""I don't even want to."" And the hopelessness of his situation is dragging me further and further down into the pit, I can't do this alone anymore. Please help, Reddit"
"I can't stop being depressed, I have tried everything from medication, working out, hobbies... you name it. I feel helpless and I'm sick of life, I really don't see any reason to move on. I constantly fight with my parents, I'm an emotional wreck... I feel like a failure and loser. The weight of the world is on my chest and I'm not sure I can bare it. I know my situation isn't terrible, but I can't seem to move forward and i'm wasting my life completely. I need help please... "
"I was recommended by someone that I am talking to, on reddit, to make another post here because I am going through an extremely bad time.  For the past few years I have been struggling with severe intrusive thoughts that have to do with harming myself in graphic natures, and harming others.  These thoughts have caused me severe distress, and has lead me to cutting, and attempting suicide numerous times.  I have been hospitalized around 4 times, because of this.  I am also recently starting to have psychotic thoughts of objects trying to communicate with me and telling me what to do etc.  I have ran out of options of what to do.  Medication doesn't seem to help me at all, and when I am on medication I end up always have paranoid thoughts about it.  My therapist is completely fucking useless, and therapy has led me no where.  My psychiatrist sees me once a month if that, and provides no support really.  I am at the point now where I am planning on killing myself.  I can't live with these thoughts anymore.  Everyday I remain here is unbearable.  I can't go to a hospital, and I will not go there.  I had to wait 4 months or so to even see the therapist I have now, so just finding a new one isn't an option and same goes for the psychiatrist.  I can't wait that long, I don't think I will be alive that long anyway.  This past week has been hell, with me on the verge of killing myself.  I can't keep going on.  An extremely small part of me wants to keep going, but it gets smaller with each passing hour.  I can't keep living with this."
"So, I'm not a very good looking guy and it makes me really insecure.  Because of this, I'm not very good with women.  I'm not a virgin but I'm a senior in college and I just haven't had much luck with forming an actual relationship with a woman.  The last two girls that I started getting close to both told me that I was just a friend.  The most recent one was actually fucking my roommate.  Both of these experiences made me feel even worse about myself.  With each time that I get rejected, I become even less hopeful that I can actually find someone.  It's gotten to the point where I drink every night.  I have a knife that I have to try to hide from myself so that, if I drink too much, I don't try to hurt myself.  Living with people helps distract me but I'm afraid after I graduate and move out on my own I won't be able to cope with it.  I'm terrified of living alone and even more terrified of hurting myself or even worse.  I'm really afraid of dying but I don't see much of a point in living, every day just seems like a bigger burden to get through.  I feel like the longer I'm alone, the more likely I am to just end it.  Every now and then I imagine what my suicide note would be and how people would react to it.  Often I picture my suicide and the last song I'd listen to and the last words I'd speak.  Please help guys, I don't want to die.

**edit:**  Thank you guys so much for the support!  It's almost indescribable how much it means just to have people who are kind enough to take a few minutes to write out a thoughtful response to a total stranger in need of some help.  You guys helped me realize that I need to take time to figure out where I'm going and what I'm looking for.  This is going to take time, but it's ok because I have plenty!  I'm leaving school for the weekend to get away from all the things that cause my mind to start spinning in its self-destructive circles.  I know for sure that I'm going to cut back on the drinking because what started as an escape ended up amplifying those same thoughts I was trying to escape from (lasts night's post was a few drinks deep).  I'm really happy that I found a community like Reddit, just getting a single response last night was encouraging enough to allow me to sleep.  Today at work I started taking note of all the positive interactions I had with people.  I realized that I do have a knack for making people laugh or smile at the least.  I'm going to spend less time defining myself by the individual people that I spend time with and start embracing how many people just genuinely appreciate my company.  I think my problem is that I keep thinking that I need someone to be close with and to be ""mine"".  This means I overlook that fact that I do have family and some close friends to talk to.  I just couldn't get over the embarrassment of the problems I was having.  It seemed easier to talk to a group of anonymous strangers than to talk to someone I'd have to face day to day.  You guys got me to realize that even if things do start to suck, being dead sucks a lot more.  Next time I start to feel down I'm going to actually contact a close friend because, after browsing SW, I know I'm not the only one who's had problems.  Who knows, maybe even someone close to me has faced the brink but never told anyone about it?   Thanks again guys... you're a life saver."
"Not sure where to turn anymore reddit.  A bit about me: 

Came here from the big digg move, and I've loved the site so far.  All you guys are so helpful and supportive.  I'm at an impasse in my life.  I went to college for 2 years, got lazy (found beer) and pretty much dropped out. I decided to join the national guard in hopes of making something of my life. During that time I was really happy, even though I got yelled at and suffered. I had structure in my life for the first time.  After basic, I pretty much had a falling out with the NG.  I went to the first drill, and then stopped going.  It seemed dumb, as all we would do was sit around.  That was about 3 months ago.  Now, I lost my job, my girlfriend, and pretty much am in HUGE debt with AES and FAFSA.  I already deferred, and dont know how much longer I can do it. Its tough finding a job (been applying at every place I see), and I dont know what to do about the military.  My phone just fell in a hottub (dont have the cash to get a new one), so I'm slowly losing contact with everyone in the outside world.


In summary, I dont know what to do. I already owe my parents loads of money from college, so I dont know who to turn to. I'm about to get thrown out on the street. I really dont know what to do.  Please help me.

Edit: I'm 21 years old"
"I don't know why I am posting...  I just wanted to start typing and have it mean something so I guess thats why I am posting here.  I have called into sick three times since I started my new job back in June this year and I feel horrible about it.  I often think of it and realize that its not that bad and they haven't fired me yet not that I am technically doing anything wrong but I feel so horrible about it.  I usually find myself oversleeping then in fear of facing my bosses call in sick (I work at a very small company literally its me and then my two bosses who own the company its very mismanaged but thats not really the source of the problem)

Anyways to the point right... I don't really expect much out of this I mean honestly the only reason I am posting here is because I don't understand my suicidal thoughts.  I think of ways to kill myself, what would be the least painful, how I can make it quick, how I want it to look after I am gone...  But truthfully I am not that kind of person, if you were to ask any of my family and friends they would be absolutely confused to think of me as someone to kill myself, but then again maybe not I don't know.  I also think whats the point, the same way i feel like life is so pointless i think that killing myself would be so pointless, theres no reason to live or die so why even go through the effort of killing myself.

By the way to give some demographic information about myself to help explain who I am a little more: I am a 23 year old male who graduated from college a little over a year and a half ago.  Finally found work in June (from a friend who set me up) working in the IT field.  I live with a roommate in a town home and have poor relations with my parents but good relations with my siblings (4 sisters) but don't stay in contact much.

Anyways I find myself going from extremely sad, to extremely mad, to feeling nothing again...

I don't know what I expect from this post... Guess I just wanted to post.

Edit: Thanks for the motivation guys I feel a lot better than I did this morning.. Just need to prevent myself from these emotions I keep feeling every now and then that causes me to think like this.

Edit 2: I feel a lot better guys from your comments and concerns I feel that my issue might stem more from a untreated/undiagnosed form of depression but again I've read that its never good to self diagnose so of course I most likely need to probably go in to see a professional.  I feel kinda stupid now that I even felt this bad this morning it feels like this thread should be more under /r/depression now heh..."
"I just want to go away forever. I want to sail out into the middle of the ocean, tie weights around my legs, and jump ship. 

I will never be enough for anyone. I am not enough for my husband. I am not enough for my few friends. I am certainly not enough for my best friend -- I just make his situation worse. I have pushed him to the edge.

no more.

I want to close every curtain and bury myself in complete darkness and never speak to another soul again. I know where the perfect darkness lies. I know where it could be complete and unending, and it draws me in like quicksand. I am sinking rapidly.

I am tired of bringing everyone down with my bullshit. It's time to go.

no more."
"I traveled across the country to help relatives get back on their feet, I put up with the abuse of of my step-father for 3 years to help my mom get out of debt and get a car so she could leave him... As soon as I got her out of debt, the dumb bitch promptly takes out more loans/credit cards and gets in to 2x the debt she started with to buy useless crap and video games/console (for the abusive stepfather). At the urging of my friends, I moved back across the country... Upon arriving back in town, none of them are trying to keep in touch/avoiding contact with me. My birthday passes and I only get 3 people to wish me a ""happy birthday"" (2 of which are in the same house, the other being my worthless mother). I've been staying with the last decent family member for several weeks trying to find work, and when I finally get an offer, I failed the UA (despite it being 2 months since my last time smoking) and now unable to apply there for a year; the fact that I failed the whiz quiz means even if I get another offer I won't be able to pass. I'm getting kicked out of where I am staying in 3 days. I have nothing to look forward to and the hope I have for a better future is fading..."
"I'm going to keep this as short as I can because I know people don't like to read walls of text, so basically, my girlfriend of 2 years broke down to me last night about how shes been so depressed, doesn't want to do anything (i.e. go to the gym, do her school work). She also feels that she has no friends (she has a few, but her 2 best friends are abroad at the moment). To top it all off, she suffers from bulimia, a disorder that I have tried for over a year to help her get over, but to no avail. I am honestly really worried about her.

I think that if things don't get better for her she might do something drastic. Last summer she swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills (I think) and had to be rushed to the hospital and have her stomach pumped. Her parents are honestly crazy and provide her no support; I don't even think they know that she has a problem, and it's unfortunate because I cannot approach them about helping her because they don't know I exist (her father is...well...from another country and doesn't exactly see dating as a viable option for his daughter at the moment).

I really want to help her. I told her last night how she was wrong, that so many people love her for who she is and how she is the most amazing person that I know. I just feel like I am not getting through to her. She is seeing a therapist but I really question the impact that this is having on her. I am just lost and tired of being worried all the time, tired of being afraid for the future of somebody that I genuinely love with all of my heart and want to see happy, healthy, and successful at whatever she puts her mind to.

Anything you guys can recommend to help her I would really appreciate. Thanks guys. This is why I love this place.
"
"I really just can't take it anymore. I've been writing in a notebook recently about my life and all the times I have messed up. I want to try to keep it short here so it doesn't get to boring. I'm 16 right now and have been depressed my whole life. I have no friends, never been invited to any parties, never had a girlfriend, never got to do anything fun as I've been growing up. I thought it would all get better when I went to college. My parents wanted me to be a doctor but that won't ever happen now. I've been flunking out of high school and don't think I can go to college anymore. I have a 2.9 gpa and my class rank is like 360 out of 520. College has really been my only hope for making friends and finally enjoying life but that is gone now. I just don't even know what to do anymore.


EDIT: Thank you all for the replies. It really returned my hopes of going to college some day. I had heard that it is a place where lots of people with depression change for the better and I hope that will happen for me someday. I just don't want to end up living the rest of my life the way I currently am."
"He was a good honest white kid who had been dating an Iranian girl for 6 years. Because of cultural differences, the father would not allow his daughter to marry a white man. So she broke it off.

He was devastated. He told her she was going to end it all, but she didn't call the police or his mother. She just left it alone. 

He shot himself in the head shortly after.

His entire family has been devastated ever since. His mother writes to me almost every day telling me how much she misses him.

So... if you are feeling suicidal, or know someone who is feeling suicidal - get help! No one will judge you for erring on the side of caution. And no one will judge you for feeling the way you feel, people are out there who can help."
"I mean, a plan for if you're going to do yourself in or not. We all go through phases that seems endless and pretty much cycle the thought of 'what's the point?' It gets so old, that for the slightly less bolder people, they wait on the idea of suicide, instead of physically acting on it. 

Do any of you plan to do it? Like, ""If life doesn't get better in a year, I'll kill myself"" sort of deal?

I've given myself until I'm 25. I'm 22. If nothing really changes, then  I don't think there's much a point keeping such a shitty outlook that not only affects me but people around. I don't know if I'll stick to it, but at the moment, I've been pretty cemented for a long time now. "
"I am a 22 year college student, I have had Crohn's disease since I was 9; and I can't imagine living another decade like this.  
  
 The pain I learned how to deal with a long time ago, but now that I am 22, the most painful aspect of this disease is in my mind. 
I can't travel. I can't hold a job. I can't have any kind of a relationship with a girl. I feel like I have kept my head above the surface for so long that I am exhausted and all I want to do is sleep.  
That's what it feels like, a desire to just end this complete mental and physical exhaustion. I just don't know what to do anymore, I am on the highest dose of the newest medication and still I can feel it slowly starting to wear off; I take a pharmacy's worth of vitamins and suppliments each day and I always still feel tired and sick.  
I have thought about suicide since I was 15, but in the past few years it is feeling more and more like euthanasia.
  
I'm sorry for all this, I know there is no real advice you can give me, I just had to tell someone how I feel all the time.  
Thanks for listening."
You have no idea what it's like for your body to rebel when all you want to do is speak up for yourself. This world is fucking bullshit. 
[removed]
"I have been involved with suicide both professionally and personally and I hope if I share some observations with you can find the courage to get help. 

Do not underestimate the impact your death will have on people. Your friends and family will spend pretty much the better part of their lives wondering why they never saw the signs and what they could of done to stop it. The ""What if"" game many suicide survivors (the term used to describe the loved ones of people who end their lives) will spend the better part of their lives on will be extreme torture. You would not want your mother tortured to death so why put her through similar agony. 

Suicides has a huge impact on first responders. It is them who have to deal with the families at the scene and have to deal with the human remains. Even people walking by the scene to see loved ones crying in the front drive can be adversely affected. 

Forget what you have seen about death on tv. Suicide involves an act of trauma inflicted upon the body to cause death. These traumatic acts (falls, gunshots, hanging) cause horrible disfiguring injuries to the human body. Why is this important you might ask? Somebody has to find your body. Somebody has to see this. It could be your family member that walks in on you after you have done the deed. 

Whoever finds you will probably have a lot of mental problems to deal with as a result of this. Of course, you might think the way around this is to not do it at home but here is the catch. The medical examiner/coroner needs to positively identify the body and the way they do this is to use a family member to visually identify the remains. This means one of your loved ones is still going to get to see what you did to yourself. 

I have seen all sorts of suicides under a variety of conditions and I am convinced there is no nice or easy way to end one's life. The internet is full of information on how to do it and quite frankly its all garbage. Medical doctors get things wrong all the time and medical science is always learning new stuff. Do not trust people who have no medical training (because if they did they would legally and ethically obligated to not give advice on suicide) on something that medical science itself knows very little about. They are all alive. How can they know what a good suicide method is?

Do not underestimate the body's ability to survive trauma. People jump off tall bridges and survive only to drown in the water or live for 15 minutes before dying. 26 people have survived jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge and a study was done in which they were asked, ""what was the first thing you thought about when you took the final leap?"" All had the same answer: They changed their mind. 

Funerals for suicide victims are always very awkward affairs. Death notices describe people ""who pass away suddenly in their home"" and nobody dare speak about the cause of death. Family members often feel guilty and will spend large sums of money on the funeral in the hopes it will atone for not stopping the suicide. 

A full service funeral with a burial and a monument could easily cost your family $15000. Do you really want to stick your family with a large bill. If you think its expensive to live you should see how much it can cost to die. 

I have been there myself. I can tell you I have stood on the edge myself but always managed to pull myself back. Even knowing what I do about the subject I have still gone through it. I can tell you one of the lonliest and scariest things I ever did was walk into a hospital emergency room and ask for help but I am glad I did. 

As scary and lonely as it was, its the desire to live that pushes you forward. Deep inside of us is the will to live and if you are reading this then obviously it is there with you. It really does get better, I can assure you of that.  Don't do what will surely be the biggest mistake and regret of your life. 

Sorry but I won't be answering questions on this subject. "
"It can be really hard to think straight when I'm under but I always think back to my several attempts and realize that every time I was sincere up until the moment of actually doing it where I would then chicken out. I have been using this cowardiance to pull myself out of bad moods and since I've learned to make ""shifts"". I don't know how to describe them really except to say that what you're thinking has a big affect on what you're feeling.

Like this morning. I woke up suicidal for the second day in a row and I decided that I would do it right that morning but I was slow to get out of bed and so my mind got to wandering. When it somehow ended up on the topic of language processing I spontaneously realized that I didn't want to go just yet, I wanted to study this subject a bit.

But alas, not showing up for work two days in a row after only having the job for a month is bound to have serious consequences.

What's worse is that instead of just calling in sick I phoned and told the boss who hired me that I had depression and that I took poor care of myself and that consequently I was an unreliable worker. I haven't heard back from him but I'm confident that I've lost the job.

I've made my mother mad. I told her that I wanted to move out because she was always nagging me and that she didn't like it when I was angry and I just wanted to be left alone when I was like that. She had no idea what I was talking about and kept saying so and was really upset.

I'm so pathetic. I'm 30 and ignorant as fuck. I'm only qualified to be a labourer. I can't concentrate and stay focused. I have no self-discipline and I've grown to hate the advice to just apply myself.

But on a more positive note, I'm learning to just live my own life.

I remember one time I was doing security work for construction crews working on a bridge, keeping people out from under the bridge and such, when this lady pulled up to ask some questions about what was going on. We ended up doing some small talk and she mentioned something about the number of suicides that had jumped from the bridge. Something must have happened in the expression on my face because she suddenly exclaimed ""Oh my god! You're thinking of suicide!"". Then she started laughing like crazy and took off. I guess she thought I was a loser and couldn't deal with someone so embarrassingly stupid.

But the point is I've learned to just let stuff like that slide. So many people are jackasses, I can't let them get under my skin.

I'm a little stronger now but I'm still out of control. I'm better at coping but I'm still deeply ashamed of how little progress I've made as a human being.

I don't know what I'm going to do about my job. I think I will go in and talk to my boss in person and maybe that will make a better impression. I don't know what I'm going to do if I don't have the job. I will have one last paycheck and it's not unreasonable that I could have a new job in a couple weeks, though one never knows of course. But a big part of me just wants to kill myself and be done with it. I'm afraid of the future and what it will bring.

So I'm on the fence here. I feel I could handle what's coming but I also feel that what's coming hurts too much and I must avoid it however possible. Yet I know that I won't go through with my suicide, that I will just embarrass myself again, yet I might make the attempt anyway."
"8 moths ago my girlfriend cheated on me.  We stayed together and she claimed to want to make it up to me.  She is always talking about the day we will get married.  After a long time I started to trust her again.

I just found out yesterday that she had made plans to go to a party with some guy behind my back.  Her excuse was she is stuck in the house and just wanted some human interaction.  I could understand that part, but she lied to me about it.  She's been apparently lying to me about the nature of the relationship for weeks now (because she is in a work setting she claimed she would never do anything so unprofessional and inappropriate).  
I'm bipolar and on meds that help keep me normal but stuff like this puts me over the edge.  I came closer than ever before in my life to killing myself last March and I feel even more strongly about doing it now.  
Please I don't want sympathy, I just need to tell my story to someone.  I don't have the balls or self esteem to leave this situation.  In fact I'm the one who both times ended up refusing to break up.  I guess I just don't have the coping mechanisms to deal with another breakup.

She left a loaded gun in the house...I've been staring at it in my hane for an hour.  I actually finally feel peacful again, which is why I wanted to share my story.

If you're done, you're done.  Please don't feel bad if you need to end your life.  Sometimes it's the best and most loving thing you could do for yourself.

I love you Reddit and I'll definitely miss you.  You've helped me though so much in the past few years.   Halloween has always been my favorite day so I'm going to go out on the best day of the year.

mlth

**Edit:**  I'm sorry to everyone here for this burden. But I can't stop my brain. my stomach is on fire right now and I've thrown up twice today. When I'm not puking I'm catatonic or crying like a baby. I just feel nothing but pain and there is nothing for me to turn to to make it go away. I'm not sure any of you can understand this but I've dealt with these feelings for most of my life. I'm TIRED! I can't eat...I can't sleep. I have bleeding ulcers to go along with my frequent panic attacks. My Bipolar make it impossible for me to ever feel stable or secure. I've lost everyone I love one way or another and I have no support. I can't spend the rest of my life like this...just wishing I was dead. I have the ability to do something now and I haven't felt this good about something in a long time.

I really love you Reddit...you're a unique place and you've given me my few moments of happiness these past few years. I really thanks you for that and I'm sure you'll help many other people. Believe it or not you've helped me a lot.

**EDIT:**  If suicide hot lines are anonymous why were the cops banging on my door?  That just made things a lot worse.

**EDIT** I got some help and have put off my plans for now.  Thanks to everyone for your support.  I can't say I'm surprised by all of the kind messages I have received here because that's just the kind of place that Reddit is, but I am extremely grateful no matter what happens from here on out."
"I really want to die. It's the only thing I want. Life is such a pointless struggle and I don't feel attached to anything. It feels kind of good, really apathetic. No matter what outcome my life would have, as in no matter how positive or how things could change could change for the better, doesn't really matter. All happiness is temporary. I guess then I could say that so is pain, or apathy, or whatever. But it isn't. It's a constant state. And killing myself would take less effort then to try to live. I'm not sure why I'm writing this. I can't talk about anything in the real world, with people in flesh. I live in emotional isolation, not that I have anything to say. I just really want to die.

Sorry for broken English. "
"[Link to my last post here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/du6wo/i_was_right/)

I've all but cut off contact with her, Deleted her number from my phone, removed as a friend on facebook. I also knew her FB password, and I knew I couldn't resist logging in to her account every once in a while, so I typed a string of random letters and numbers and changed her password to that... Yeah, now she can't get into her facebook, but fuck her.

That feels fine and all, it's just... I'm left with this feeling of ""What the fuck do I do now?"". Honestly, all I want to do now is sleep... That's it. I go to work, come home, dick around on the internet, then sleep... as long as I can...

I can't stand getting up out of bed anymore. I will hit snooze repeatedly until I have about 5 minutes to get ready for work... Then I fall asleep at work, while I'm driving, sitting in an office. It doesn't matter how much sleep I get the night before, all I can think about all day is how I can't wait to get home and just sleep.

I feel like I'm living in a fog, nothing feels ""Real"" anymore... I don't know how to describe it. I can be carrying on a conversation perfectly fine with someone, but it never feels right, like I'm dreaming the entire thing.

I look at an object in the distance, and my first thought is ""that's not real, none of this is real."" even though I know it is. It is a physical thing i can grab, feel, smell... but it's like it just doesn't click any more.

I don't know how to describe it.

It's like a constant numbness, except I still feel pain, and hurt... I always want to cry, but never can. I just... I want to feel something other than pain again.

I'm so used to having someone there. Someone I can talk to. I miss loving someone, and having that love returned by someone that doesn't *have* to love me.

I just don't know what to do any more. I've thought about suicide my entire life, I was always afraid of the physical pain it would cause me before I died. but the past week, when the shit hit the fan, I don't care anymore, I want to do it, I want to hang myself. I don't care how much it might hurt any more. I just want to be gone

Please help me."
I have been suicidal on and off for 6 years. I can honestly say that at the present time I am happy. So many people have helped me by giving me someone to talk to so I would like to return the favor. I am not a professional but I could be a friend.   
"I have very few friends and I am constantly feeling lonely. Whenever someone invites me to do something with them, I usually decline because I just want to sit at home. I want to be more social, but whenever the opportunities arise, I decline. What is wrong with me? Why do I do this?"
"My partner is depressed and has some serious problems with alcohol. Thankfully, (following an extremely dark night) she's been taking medication, seeing a therapist, and has been controlling her drinking. It's been great to see her make progress.

But, here's the kicker - I don't want to be with her anymore. I love her so much, like family, but the romantic relationship isn't working out for me. 

A few days ago I told her exactly that.

Since then she's admitted that she's been thinking about suicide often. Mulling over the 'best' ways she can do it, the 'right' cocktail of pills, the 'right' technique. She's mentioned trying to change her will, and has been making a lot of references to killing herself. We still live together for the moment, and every time I come home I brace myself...

I don't know what the fuck to do. I love her, but don't want to be in a relationship. If I move out I'm terrified that she'll try to commit suicide. She's capable of it - I've seen her in that state before.

I really need advice. How do I help her? 

I'm sorry if this post is in the wrong place. Please tell me and I'll take it down straight away. Thank-you.
"
"Hi. I'm 17 years old and every day for the past few years has progressively been getting worse and worse. I am by now convinced I'm suffering from depression, ADD, and even paranoia. Even as I type this, there are what feels like tiny spasms are happening inside of my body and I'm typing a mile a minute. It's 3:33 in the morning right now and everything just stopped, and where else should i turn but the one place I always go to for everything else?
I don't have a horrible life, I don't even have a bad one. I have no reason to complain about anything but I feel like I'm entitled to one. If it helps explain, I am a [materialist](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materialism). I haven't seen the point to life, and I highly doubt that my thoughts about that will ever change. I don't even know why I'm writing or how I'm going to say what I want to say but I just need to get it out somehow and there's really nobody I can talk to anymore. I guess it started with middle school (boo hoo i was bullied what a terrible circumstance waaaah wah), and then that sort of repressed energy I had sort of dragged on into high school where i was completely socially awkward until i was a junior when i developed a personality. I almost had a relationship but it didn't work out because the girl was ""in love"" with another guy across the world and looking back i'm glad i didn't get in it because she was just an annoying weeaboo anyway.  I apologize for the lack of grammar but i just can't stop and fix it right now as there are tremors going throughout my body for some reason anyway the summer of my junior year i got my first real girlfriend which was great but it had to end because she didn't have time for a relationship which is actually true and we still talk and are good friends. And then another girl came along and then we became really good friends and stayed up all night talking. 
I need to get back to good grammar because it's probably going to be easier to read that way. Well we talked and talked and eventually started dating and fell in love and all that sappy crap when suddenly, out of nowhere, she's completely disinterested in me and is disgusted by my jokes and unwilling to engage in even the most innocent of contact. So that happens, and it turns out she just wasn't into it anymore and ""missed her exes"", but i still loved (I think, I don't even know anymore) her and I couldn't break up with her and I asked her to break up with me, and she did. So a while passes, we try to get the relationship to work again for about a week, but it doesn't, so I called it off this time. Now, we're trying to be friends again and it's starting to sound like a relationship advice thread but it really isn't, and this relationship is a lost cause, and that's not what i'm looking for. Wow, my thoughts are really disjointed right now. Anyway, every conversation we've had ends with us arguing, mostly just her getting mad and yelling and screaming and crying, and at one point she even had a nervous breakdown.
Now our arguments are getting worse and worse, and I'm afraid i've become obsessed about her, I even suggested we take a break from communicating, but the day after we agreed to stop talking for a while, her mom hurts her and she's convinced I'm the only one who cares about her so I try to help her the best I can, and for a while I guess it worked, but the break was just off I guess. So we kept talking, our conversations devolved into arguments again, and they got worse and worse until today, when she just said goodbye and hung up on me. Granted, she had every right to do so as I wasn't being the kindest gentleman on the planet, but when i tried calling her back, she turned her phone on, and this absolute feeling of dread and dispair came over me and I had a nervous breakdown.

Now let me tell you a little bit about my parents. My parents are practically retarded. I'm no genius, in fact I'd go as far as saying that I'm pretty damn dumb, but even I don't know how the hell I came from these goddamn idiots. My mother was a part of the religious cult Creciendo En Gracia (Growing In Grace), which was featured in religulous if you've seen it, just to get a guage. She got divorced from my father when I was 12, but is kind enough to still do his taxes, even though he never gives her money, or pays for my child support, or even says fucking thank you. Now my father is a gullible, naive man, who married a Colombian woman 20 years younger than him (who he met online), spent a year getting the appropriate legal papers for her to become a citizen, had her here for about a year, until he realized she wasn't the one. He bought her plane ticket for her and her 3 year old son, and sent them back home. All in all, the whole thing cost about $10,000 (at least that's what he told me). He's currently in an online relationship with another Colombian woman 20 years younger than him that has a 3 year old son.
Now let's talk about my school. My school is supposedly a blue ribbon school, one of the top *public* schools in the US, unfortunately, the teachers don't reflect that. I'm just going to copy and paste a rant I posted on facebook a while back.

&gt; Fuck No Child Left Behind, fuck George W. Bush, fuck the education system, fuck every teacher who teaches by process rather than by reason. Don't tell me I'm so goddamn smart if you can't explain to me why I'm failing. My future has been destroyed thanks to your shitty ""methods"". I am failing calculus, I have no shot at any scholarships, and I don't have any options for tutoring. I don't want to name names, but my current calculus teacher is the only calculus teacher available in --------, and he's also the only tutor available for calculus. I don't know if you have Anatomy yet, but that class is absolute, 100% bullshit. There's no incentive for learning it, and his teaching methods are absolutely horrid. What the fuck, a coloring book? Are you serious? He grades us on our ability to fucking recognize boundaries in 2 dimensions? And no matter how many pages he gives us, whether it be 8 or 25, it's always weighted exactly the same. He gives us these goddamn packets with absolutely no direction on how to solve them. In fact he said ""You know, you guys have to take incentive on these packets or you're never going to learn"". Excuse me? How about teaching, or, as I like to call it, DOING YOUR FUCKING JOB. Intelligence isn't measured by actual intelligence anymore, it's measured by your attention span and how much bullshit you can manage to spew on a paper. It's the reason we don't have art or music. Nobody cares about actual education anymore, they just want to increase test scores. That's all we are. We're all just statistics.

Anyway, the point is, who gives a fuck. I'm going to die eventually, why shouldn't I die sooner?"
"Ive been suicidal for years at least since I was 12 or 13. Things are finally turning from bad to worse. Years of doing poorly in school have led to me nearly flunking out of college. I moved from one broken household to another, and after seeing every relationship in my family end in total catastrophe has left me little hope for any future relationships. My whole life my family scapegoated me for everything, and being the first-born of my family and family's friends no one even knew how to raise me. Fuck my dad for leaving, fuck my mom for not knowing how to choose a mate or raise two kids. living off-campus I feel like all I am doing is spending my family's money. Not to mention the fact that I fucked up my schedule this year and am not a full time student. Goodbye financial aid. I care as little as possible about the reaction of my friends or family to my death. Ill be dead. I don't think there's much of a future for me, and even if there was it will all have to end sometime. Does it matter if I'm 20, 40, or 80. Memories are worthless in death.

Now by my family's suggestion I'm spending the weekends traveling 150 miles regularly to spend the weekends with my uncle and to see a counselor in his town. More money. I'm just a drain on these people. I don't even care about what a huge waste of my time it is. All my friends are ignorant or uncaring assholes who aggravate the problem, and my family prefers to pretend the problems not there. 

And my fucking inner monologue that runs every second I am awake. I cant talk or listen or watch or even read anything without keeping a second or third mental track running involuntarily and its just driving me fucking nuts. I'm always speaking to myself inside my own head and I cannot turn it off even for a second. 

I know you people all want to help me live fully but what I really want is someone to just help me die. I want to die and that's all Ive wanted for a very long time."
dont know where to start.  my boyfriend is on a trip and im happy he's having fun.  i can't destroy his trip by telling him how much danger i am in.  i have an endless amount of homework.  i have a project based class with no deadlines so obviously i let things slide and fell behind.  i am trying to catch up this weekend.  my room is a mess so its easier to work on this stuff on my computer and ignore the mess around me.  i talked to my teacher on thursday and he expressed extreme doubt i could finish the class.  if i dont finish the class (and do it well) im out of my program and everything is over.  im so depressed its a struggle to breath.  i just want to sleep forever.  i rarely drink but last night i drank a bunch of vodka and took a handful of ambien not to die but just to sleep for a while.  my friend was coming over but i cancelled because i cant bear to see anyone.  i cant even describe my pain.  im at a loss.  this darkness is unbearable.
"My life sort of sucks right now, so it seems the perfect time to finally kill my self. It has been a thought I have had for many years but this is the closest I have ever come. 

My life in bullets:

- I live in a small studio w/fleas (bombed 3X no use, can't afford anywhere else)

- Pressure of a full time job I hate combined with going to school full time (also hate) is making me question, what's the point?

- Family tensions

-Feelings of hopelessness combined with feeling like nobody cares reaching critical mass

- Diagnosed with depression, lost insurance. Going on 6 months without treatment/Medication

- There are two low cost clinics in a 50 mile radius, one doesn't deal with metal illness the other I have an appointment in late December.

-The crying, I can't seem to go four hours without crying

-debt, not the amount I have now, but knowing how much I will have when I finish school is a year

-The fact that so many people have it worse then me, yet I can't seem to climb out of this hole. This makes me feel selfish and worthless.


Writing everything down may have helped. 
      "
"I'm a manic-depressive with a history of giving myself very large burns when I have especially bad down days (or nights technically). Normally that's all it is and once I've finished I feel better. Tonight I knew that hurting myself wouldn't be enough and all I could picture in my head was flinging myself onto the biggest sharpest thing I could find repeatedly. Because I know myself I knew I should try to contact somebody to try and talk about what happened that made me so upset but after texting a couple and calling my best friend (with no answer) I realized that I didn't have anyone to talk to about it with and that really sent things down further. There's a lot of crap I just need to get out into the world and get some feedback on and for the most part I just need someone to listen I guess.

**tl;dr: I just want someone to talk to.**"
"I posted a few days ago (titled ""I'm breaking up with a suicidal partner...""). Just got a ""It's not your fault. I love you"" text from my ex.
Called her mother, and friends. Not sure what else to do?
Call the police? I have no info on her whereabouts.
I'm at home, wondering if I should hit the streets looking...
(I know it seems weird asking the internet about this now, but I don't know what avenues to take here...)

UPDATE:
Thanks so much. Called 911. My ex then called me and let me (cryptically) know her location. Told the authorities and went to find her. Ambulance came and and she was taken to hospital. She hadn't hurt herself - but was planning to, and was having a panic attack. At the ED now. Waiting for psych team. "
"I'm so sick of my life. I hate everything about it and it's been one big embarrassment. I wish I was man enough to kill myself.

I'm going nowhere and I'll be a nobody. I can't stand living with my fucked up family any more. 

I can't connect with anyone and haven't for 6 or so years now. All contact I have is so awkward and disconnected. I've been isolated this long.

Above all, I just want to be more than fucking average. I don't want to be this puny person who goes into the factory of life. I want to do something and change something, but I wasn't born with the capability of doing so like other greats: Mandelbrot, Newton, Godel, Bach, Fermat, etc etc etc

Life is so pointless."
"I just had a bad mood swing... I got panicky and self destructive. I did try to go for a snooze, but I've drank a lot of coffee this morning because I've been so sleepy lately I didn't want to miss another day sleeping again, and it meant my thoughts were just circling.

I got up, tied a nylon shoelace around the sinks tap, and dangled a bit while I went dizzy and my lips tingled.

So anyway, my mood improved and I'm back surfing the net.
I'm worried because I think I'm relapsing into the self harming behaviour I had in the past, due to most likely being unemployed around march next year. It's gnawing at my mind, and I'm not sleeping well at all. The jobs I've applied for, I've not heard back from, and I'm feeling exhausted all the time.

Tips?"
"As an afterthought, that probably sounds as if I'm going to do something horrible given it's Halloween. I really don't want to get anyone else involved in this, but  nobody  knows about this anyway. I'm 20 years old and I've been depressed for the last 2 years. It's gotten to the point that I can't function enough to go to class or get my homework done and my GPA dropped to a 2.0. It's not even that the work is too difficult. I have a near perfect score in my intro cse course this semester, but I can't get myself to study, do homework, or even get out of bed sometimes. This depression isn't something I would wish on anybody. At this point, I don't think I'll get into engineering school let alone stay in his University by the end of this semester unless I pull off a miracle. But I've already planned for late late tonight. I don't know why I posted this, I guess I just wanted to talk to someone before whatever.

edit: I guess this is it. I just deleted my main account and everything else is ready. Thanks &amp; bye. 

edit 2: Ugh, fail. Stayed up but the train doesn't run that late on sundays I guess. Going to try again tonight. "
"i've suffered from depression and anxiety most of my life (since i was 5, im 24 now), and i've been suicidal since i was about 12. but in the past 18 months, my anxiety has increased 100-fold. i've had panic attacks. i've lost all my friends because i can't hold a conversation, because im afraid that whatever ill say will be judged. i can't interact with anyone in person without rehearsing word-for-word what i'll say, multiple times. if i get caught off guard, i'll be speechless, ill start sweating, turn bright red, ill stutter, etc. about a year ago i went to a shrink to get meds. i stayed on them for 8 months, they didnt help. i don't have health insurance anymore, so professional help isn't really an option now.

ive recently realized that my only coping mechanism is to fantasize about killing myself. where, when and how. comparing different methods, the likelihood of success, the aftermath, the preparation. how quickly i could execute my plan. how far into my plan i could get without raising suspicion. the more detail, the better.

i know this isn't healthy. even when i dont actually want to die, fantasizing about suicide calms me down. and when i am feeling suicidal, the feeling i get from thinking about it is intoxicating. i'll get stuck in a mental loop for hours at a time, thinking about suicide. then i'll snap out of it to realize that i've fallen behind with my work/schoolwork - which only causes more anxiety. i'll cut this short because it's turning into a ramble.

TL;DR - reddit, how do you cope with living?"
"I have a great couch to crash on, I'm an awesome cook, all room and board is paid for, and I've got nothing to do all day than show you around the city.  I know this sounds weird, but I've been there.  Much MUCH worse than where you are now, in fact, trust me (I'll tell you the stories when you get here).  I don't work, but have a reasonable income, and am more than happy to spend my time and energy for a few days showing you how to live in a different mental world than you've found yourself.  Worst case, there's a big fat bridge to jump off of when you get here, so you lose nothing, best case, maybe the world will seem a little less horrific to you in a little while.  What do you have to lose?  


The offer is open to anyone, any time.  PM me with your email address and we'll figure out a few days or weeks that you have the time, and figure out how to get you out here.  "
I don't think she knows I'm out here yet. 
"I'm a 21 year old college student that puts up a nice front towards being okay. I've had problems for years and would say I had depression... always. I remember hating my life as far back as second grade.

However for the past few months it has shifted into less being sad and more to just apathy. I don't care. The main problem I have in this situation is that my libido seems to be shot, and I no longer feel as if I have any romantic or personal connections to anyone.

Really the only thing that has truly stopped me from killing myself is the pain that I recognize my family or friends would feel. Mostly I recognize that families with suicides in them are more likely to have future suicides... and I don't want my niece to have to ever deal with questioning why I killed myself.

I no longer fear death to the point of carelessness. My roommate and I talked about it once because I crossed the street regardless of the fact their was oncoming traffic. It wasn't DANGEROUSLY close by... but it was still closer than some would ever cross for.

I welcome the thought and slightly wish I was hit by a car, that someone robs a store I was in and shoots me in the face that some sort of thing outside my control ends me so that way others don't have to suffer the grief a suicide can cause.

Recently diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis, financial issues that I cause by going to university for my parents, all the other issues my family has in regards to my siblings that my parents should focus on, social and sexual issues that I just stopped caring about overall. 

I have bad teeth, I hate how I look, I hate the person that I am, I hate the amount of body hair I have, I hate the fact I'm only 5'7, I hate the fact that I don't want to live and yet feel forced into continuing. 

I no longer enjoy video games as much, my primary go to vice and hobby… Though I no longer enjoy anything excessively or for any extended period of time anymore as well. I haven’t been interested in anyone romantically at all recently. I just don’t feel any sexual interest in anyone… at all anymore.

I've even been trying to do more recently, exercising, going out more often, spending time with friends but I still can't help but feel like I'm just going through the motions. Even with all of this I just don't understand why I don't feel anything. I’ve even changed my diet to see if that could help.

I started going to therapy at my university as well, I have a ""suicide coping plan"", I just... it isn't doing anything; Talking and thinking rationally about things is something that I do on my own and I don't know what the hell it is supposed to accomplish... I know it’s for the best and is supposed to be helpful but I just don’t understand. 

My roommate just broke up with her boyfriend of 3 years and reacted extremely roughly. She cried, and screamed, and threw everything on her bed/dresser off on to the floor… And I just felt jealous that she was feeling something.

I just can’t take much more of this numb feeling. And I don’t know what to do anymore….
"
"I'm not going to off myself tonight, or even this week, but I think about it more and more.

I'm lonely. I live with my mom, but she goes out on business a lot and I'm left by myself. All of my friends from college live too far away to hang out with regularly. I've been unemployed since the summer, and the co-workers I had previously were all my mom's age and older.

I feel like there's nothing worth living for. I have no marketable skills to help me get a job, I have no network or connections in any field. I feel like I have no real friends.

I don't know how to meet people without spending money (going to bars, concerts, getting a gym membership, etc.), and it's really taking its toll on me."
"Edit: Dear SW, thank you for the comments...

I am grad student ( not a native English speaker) . I make ends meet with the pay check I get with my on-campus job. All my life I have been wondering various conventional practices around me.

Why do we have governments all around the world who do less good and create more trouble by either cheating the citizens of a country or joining hands with economic giants etc.

Why do we pay millions of dollars to bring a story to life and create entertainment when we can use that money to educate people to make them good decisions. We already can experience the joy and horror by sharing real-life incidents which are stranger than fiction.

Why do we educate young ones without giving them a purpose to learn and hence discourage them to learn and kill curiosity?

What is the purpose of all of our fucking lives?

What the fuck is really happening in this world?

The list goes on... I can't fucking figure it out...

I feel depressed when I think of anything one these lines... I feel I am alone... I feel like killing myself (as there is no purpose of me being here) and some others who are really dumb and are messing up this world ( on the other hand I feel bad to have such thoughts .

Why am I like this??? why am I so confused?? Is it only me??

My background: I am 23, I like what I am learning and I am a curious one. I am surrounded by friends but I feel alone inside as I cannot(don't) share my thoughts very often with them. I was in a relationship but didn't enjoy it because of all the attention I was forced to give her. I have been like this since I was in grade 5(as far as I can remember). I would wake up in the middle of the night and think "" Why am I here?"" "" What's my purpose?"" "" Why do I have to live?"" etc. Money, love, lust, relationships, attachments seem materialistic. However, I cannot deny that I do not enjoy these materialistic objects.

Reddit, is something wrong with me or does anyone else feel the same way? I need your suggestions to carry on my life in a meaningful way. I feel disgusted in this world, feel like I am alone, feel like no one cares if I live or die, my existence just doesn't matter and not only my existence but my friend's and family's too. I feel like a slave of the government and the economy of this world. I feel like the slave of education system which kills curiosity. I feel disgusted by the chemicals given to children by highly qualified doctors which are not natural. I feel disgusted because I feel disgusted by many such happenings around me. When this happens I imagine a grenade exploding right in my face and go blank for a while and come back to my senses after a few seconds.

**tldr**; I feel frustrated by everyday happenings in this world. I can't help but think that I should kill some dumb useless people and kill self. ( I will never do the killing part. However, I don't want to feel this way. Reddit, can you help me?)

Cross-Post from [Ask Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/dz9ig/reddit_can_you_please_help_me_understand_the/)

Edit: formatting"
"I don't know where to begin, so i'm sorry if this is choppy, but I will try to list things that i believe are contributing to my current situation...

1. I am 17
2. I have very minor cerebral palsy
3. I am socially awkward (Tend to keep people distanced)
4. My first girlfriend was extremely abusive. (Threatened to kill herself if I left; weighed very heavily on my conscience.)
[[From this point on I've felt very manic-depressive]]
5. I was molested when I was 14.
6. I tend to destroy relationships on whims.
7. I have no goals (Well... not so true, but I know that in this state i'll never reach them)
8. I have no initiative
9. I tend to cover up everything with the ridiculous guise of a joker-- some people catch me off guard when I quit acting and immediately ask ""What's wrong?"" I've listened to their advice but it never seems to have helped.
10. I have no consistency in anything i do
11. Nothing really interests me. (I participate in my school's debate team, but find the whole activity too sporty. The importance of the topics are too diluted.)
12. I've requested in the past to go to a psychiatrist, but my parents never take it seriously.

So that's all I can think of now.
Any thoughts? 
Advice?




"
"My psychologist told me to call a psychiatrist to be prescribed medication.  This was 3 weeks ago.  I really want to be prescribed something because I can't find any other way out of my hole.

I have a phobia of phone calls.  I could get myself into the mood of calling a psych at night, but not during the day when psych offices are open. Also, a lot of psychs is the bay area are not accepting patients; my psychologist said there is a shortage of offices.  

When I call offices, they never pick up.  If I leave a message, they will call back at a time when I'm not emotionally capable of answering.

What should I do?"
"Every time I go out it seems to reinforce my feelings of how alone I truly am. I can be in a room of people I know and still feel like I'm by myself in a dark room. 

**edit** probably should mention I stopped taking my meds because I didnt feel like they were doing anything anymore and wanted to get the withdrawal out of the way"
"I've never really talked to anyone so sorry if I suck at this. 
I have managed to fail at every single thing I have attempted to do and come up short on every criteria you could conceivably judge a person by. I have no job, I've never had friends, never had a girlfriend nor even talked to a woman, my grades are abysmal and always have been. I am obese, ugly, and immature. There is nothing good about who I am, all I have ever done is occupy space and burden others with my failure, my family is supporting me and I am not even on speaking terms with them. I can't even manage suicide, I've been trying to jump off a parking structure for weeks, jumping, the easiest and most cowardly form of an easy and cowardly act, and I fail to do it.

I don't really want to die but I don't see how I have any choice in the matter, the only future prospects are either die on the streets as a homeless person or kill myself. 

I don't why I'm writing this or what I want from anyone reading this (If anyone bothers to read this shit). I just feel like I should tell someone to avoid making a mistake about this, which is likely if I know anything about myself."
"You hear this idea a lot. It's also often times used to persuade someone not to kill themselves. ""Think of all the people you will affect. These people will miss you so much when you are gone. Think of all the tears they will shed, etc."" But are these feelings even valid?

If my friends don't talk to me or hang out with me now, and if they don't think about me now (yes, yes, I recognize I can't know this for certain, but it's what I think is a reasonably valid assumption considering the lack of interaction and how I've never been singled out by any of them to do something or hang out together)...isn't how the feel *now* the truest representation of their feelings? This is the domain in which you should evaluate how much they care, not the domain in which you're dead.

Am I crazy for thinking that the feelings that would be expressed in this situation where I kill myself don't mean that much? I mean, where are these feelings now, when it actually matters? 

""You don't realize how much you cared for someone until you lose them"" ... if you want to know how much you really care for someone, don't look at it in such an extremely biased, traumatic, and emotionally packed scenario such as suicide.

I think about these people a lot day to day. I would like to see them and hang out with them. I feel like a loser for it being one-sided like this. It makes sense for them not to think about me since all these other people already have their inner circles and already have very active social lives. It just hurts that I can't find anyone that cares about me and wants to talk to me or be with me as much as I want to with them. I've even experienced this (though to a lesser degree) with people I've opened up to...these people are often times busy living their own lives (jobs, research, relationships, hanging out with their close friends, etc.) to actually approach me (I always come to them...) and want to do things with me. 

Usually family comes in here and is what you fall back on, but I'm not close to my family by any means and don't have a relationship with them (I don't talk to my mom due to a language barrier, and I rarely talk with my dad, usually only for things like needed forms signed, etc.). For example, I  feel I have stronger emotional connections with the aforementioned friends that never call me up to hang out with them.

I know if I kill myself people will be hurt. I know people will cry. I know people will miss me. But why should I care? Where are these people now? And sorry to be blunt/cold, but I honestly wouldn't feel anything when some random person on the internet says that they care about me (as I've seen in other sw posts)."
[removed]
"I'm watching myself head towards suicide again, and it feels so right. Life has been total shit lately, I'm almost to the point of just getting it over with again. I'm 19 and have had clinical depression for almost 5 years now, 2 suicide attempts in the past (both failed terribly, enough to keep them quiet) and am currently beginning new treatment (prozac). I recently decided (short after withdrawing) to actually study what I want to in school, and try to become a Medical Doctor. My mom said she thinks it would be great for that to happen, but said that she didn't think it would be remotely possible to happen. 

Due to the depression, I have had to medically withdraw from college this semester, and in the one before that. Basically this just means that on my transcript the past 2 semesters don't count. My parents were paying for my college and didn't know about my depression the first time I withdrew, they asked and I just blew it off. Now this time they demanded answers. I told my mom about my depression and she has since then cut me off completely from the whole family. They won't be helping with college bills or living costs anymore, and said I'll have to make it completely on my own. I haven't heard from them since. My brother attempted to talk to me and was grounded when my mom found out. 

Luckily I do have a job, working retail (geek squad at best buy). The problem is they have cut my hours down to almost nothing (~10 per week, which is below the minimum amount required to work part-time per company policy) which had prevented me from paying any of my bills. I talked to my manager about moving to full-time until I get back into school next semester and can possibly get some loans to help pay, but he said due to budget cuts + holiday hiring I wouldn't be able to get more hours until end of January, which doesn't help at all. My landlord has since gotten impatient because I haven't paid rent in 2 months, my cell phone is soon to be disconnected, as long with internet (own a desktop, no access anywhere else). Can't apply for a credit card due to age.

On top of this I have had to break up with my girl friend due to her parents. She's 3 years younger than me, a junior in high school. Her parents said we can't date based off the fact that I am 19. No other reason, they haven't even met me. I don't agree with their decision, I can understand the concern, I am significantly older, but I feel cheated out of a chance. I have never been as happy as was with her, ever, and now it seems like all that lost. She has consistently been my greatest supporter, and truly cares about me and my well-being. We are still best friends, and do plan on getting back together once she is older, but its just hard knowing I won't get the opportunity to be with her at all (can't even hang out as friends because of her parents) for such a long time. 

Everything is just starting to get to be so much, especially when just a few months ago things were finally looking up. I just don't know what to do anymore, or how I'll even be able to get money for food and pay the basic bills that I need to pay."
"I went out with a girl last night, but she made is clear she wasnt interested in sex until marriage.

I got home and just had a baseball announcer in my head say; ""And, a swing and a miss.""

But I honestly dont know what to think. I feel completely trapped in a life without sex. It doesnt seem anyone I'm attracted to is interested in me.

I hate my life to be perfectly honest, the only times I feel better are when I work out, so I do that most days.

But that's just something of a displacement for me.

My life feels like a big long game of Tetris; no matter what happens, more blocks just keep falling at me and I keep on moving them to the right place, but the blocks just keep coming.

And I'm not having fun anymore; havent in a long time.

-------

I dont feel like killing myself, but I dont see the point of living. I'm just keeping at it until either things improve, or things just exhaust themselves."
"I had to euthanize my cat last week. **For those who can understand**: he was my best friend, my only friend. He was always happy to see me every morning, slept near me while I was working or on my lap when watching tv.

The vets said that he would not survive the treatments; now I feel guilty and keep thinking I should have waited before letting them kill him, that maybe they made a mistake.

I'm an older guy and I'm crying everyday in an empty house (where everything remind me of my cat). I don't see anyway of going on like that; maybe it's finally time to end it all.

**UPDATE1:** The consensus seems to be: get another cat; as I explained below:

a) I'm not ready. This cat was special for me (I guess every cat is special for its owner). ex: As soon as I came home, he would jump off his pillow and come greet me at the door. He would sometime stop eating to be able to follow me to my office. I started my morning routine with him (checking his glucose level, feeding him, giving him his insuline) and ended my day with him watching tv.

b) As silly as it may seem, It feel like I would be betraying my first cat.

c) This other cat may not be as friendly as my first cat.

d) I'll have to face the same problem (death or euthanasia) in x years for a second time.

**UPDATE2:** I went to the doctor this morning, who prescribed an anti-depressant, but I can't see myself going on like this (crying, feeling guilty, looking for him knowing full well he won't be there) for 2-3 weeks. And even then I'm not sure the anti-depressant will help: my cat won't be back. There seems to be no solution to end the pain, except ending myself.

And to those who find it [pathetic that my life revolves around a cat](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dzkw8/im_all_alone_now_why_continue/c146992) You can go to the next thread."
"Back in July I made [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cvzkw/reddit_two_months_ago_my_best_friend_who_i_loved/) describing my best friend, who I was incredibly in love with and tried, every day, to help with his depression, and how he finally succumbed to it. Reddit gave me so much support and I read so many heartbreaking and heartwarming stories. It was just one example of how great this community is. I also said at the time that ""I'm not currently on the brink and don't want to take time away from people who need immediate help, so please don't direct me to /r/suicidewatch.""

I think things have changed.

Next week it will have been six months since he died and I've only fallen further and further into the darkness of depression. The whole world looks grey and black. I've been at college and I'm doing well but I already feel like I'm slipping up more and more often (missing classes, tests, homework). It's getting harder and harder to think or concentrate.

My thoughts are constantly preoccupied with him and my many unanswered questions. Did he love me too? Why didn't he say goodbye to me? Did he think about me before he died? If he did, what did he think about me? What were his last thoughts? Did he know how horribly it would rip me apart to lose him? And now, more and more often, I wonder: is there some place after death where I might find him and get those questions answered?

Whenever I see something, like a movie or show or game we liked, or even just certain places or words, it drives me crazy. My parents and friends know I'm still upset but I know what I'm going through is not a normal grieving process, even when suicide is involved. I could have stopped him, and I know everyone says that, but I truly have evidence. I know all he wanted was someone to love him and I did, and he never knew. All I needed to do was tell him. And that thought assaults my brain every waking minute. I could have stopped him and didn't, and nobody even cares. Nobody cared enough about him to hold me responsible, so only I can hold myself responsible.

It physically sickens me to know this is how he felt in his last weeks or months. Looking back at our interactions with this new firsthand knowledge of what was going on in his head at the time makes me feel disturbingly sympathetic to his desire to die. He had to live like this and I didn't even know. Why would anyone want to live with this feeling? He didn't, and he's gone now.

What drove me to post this was that last night, I was walking from class along a bridge. I stopped short suddenly, all alone, and just thought ""...all I have to do is step off the side...it's so easy..."" I realized what I was thinking and it scared me.

I don't want to do it anymore. Please help me."
"It’s hard to say what exactly is getting me down. It’s definitely 100% related to my current job. I think it’s because I feel so trapped. I’ve quit jobs that I don’t like in the past, I was rocky financially for a while, but there was nothing holding me there. Now, I have insurance and a way to slowly pay off my debt. Without a job I won’t have either of those things. I ask people for advice they tell me to keep it- for experience, for resume, for reference, for insurance, for income, etc. But I don’t want to do it. 

Am I just being a petulant child? Thinking about this job makes my stomach twist and turn, giving my cramps and constipation. Doing it is exhausting even though all I do is sit and talk on the phone. I want to quit it right now, but I can’t deal with all the disappointed looks I’m sure to get.  Plus, what *am* I doing to do? I don’t think this should play into it, but maybe I should call someone, potentially go to the hospital while I *do* have insurance. I currently talk to an therapist but we’ve only covered incidental things, we haven’t gone very deep- mostly my fault.

I don’t know what to do. I feel like I should be able to handle this, but my crushing debt and crappy job make me question whether there’s really anything that would make me happy or satisfy me. I have no goal, school has failed, my national guard “career” is a total joke- I barely scrape by there. Every bit of “advice” I get from family or friends just infuriates me “keep it a little bit longer” “just work hard on finding another job” “that’s not so bad”. I don’t know why this well-meaning advice makes me so anxious and angry but it just seems to multiply how stuck and depressed I feel. 

I take wellbutrin, and I’ve been keeping up with it, but it doesn’t seem to do much for me. I can’t sleep at night because I’m thinking about how much I hate my job, then I am exhausted during the day, giving me slim to no energy to try to fight these depressed feelings which build up, creating a cycle that doesn’t seem to stop. I don’t know if this is major depression, SAD, dysthymia, or what, but I’m tired of it. I couldn’t do anything to myself now, in my parents’ house, while they’re home, but. .I’m not sure in the future. I feel like nobody takes how depressed I am seriously, I’m not sure I know how seriously to take it. It just doesn’t feel right."
"I got admitted to the psych ward at the county hospital 2 weeks ago for depression and severe anxiety. I wanted to kill myself by staging a car accident, but I chickened out and slammed on the breaks pretty far away from the stone wall I wanted to hit. My mom was on the living room couch when I came through the front door at 1 AM crying, and I (being retarded) told her. She drove me to the hospital and I was voluntarily admitted. I was there for 3 days until I was no longer deemed a threat to myself. I never felt unsafe, but it was not an experience I really want to elaborate about. I won't go through it again. 

I've talked to a therapist and psychiatrist since then but honestly I feel no different. I'm taking meds, (Lexapro and an anxiety pill I can't remember the name of) but I feel like I don't want to get better. I don't care if it gets better in time. I can't physically get out of bed in the morning, I just don't have the energy. It's been this way since before I started on the medication.

For some reason I'm just not willing to do any of the things that they suggest (exercise, get on a regular sleep schedule ect). It's physically impossible for me to care. I just can't do it. I want to die. I'd rather die. I'm lonely and I'm not worth the money my parents use on me for food. 

The two other tabs I have open in chrome right now are the Childs Play charity website and my PNC electronic banking page. I'm 3 clicks away from giving away my life savings. I just don't know what to do."
"I am a freshman at University and doing poorly in most of my classes mostly because i sleep all day due to my depression and miss class.  Im smart enough for the material, I am just really depressed with life at college now.  My family, and mother, who I love despite a strained past, no longer talk to me because my pot smoking is practically the devil's work to them.  I have no money nor the patience to save up enough to change my life and live on my own.  I really want to kill myself and the only thing that is stopping me atm is the love of my girlfriend, but soon I'll be dead enough inside that i wont care about that either. "
"Hi Suicide Watch

My life has generally never consisted of that much negativity. All and all it's been pretty good.

But lately it hasn't. I may go into it later but at the moment I don't want to.

I just really need a good argument right now as to why I shouldn't end it. I know you can't offer me advice without any information but this is the way I look at it. Right now, I feel like utter shit. And ending it would make me neutral. Not good, not bad. But right now it's an improvement.

And my life isn't going to turn around any time soon. So why not? Feel like crap for days on end or be neutral forever.

Yes the days on end would eventually finish and I'd be happy again but right now, this instant, it is the best option to improve how I'm feeling.

So why not? Please just give me some advice as to why my logic is crap.

Thank you"
"This is kind of hard for me to do, but it's been on my mind and I can't really put it off much longer. 

People see me as generally a happy person, a nerd, a person who is really into music, talks a lot on Facebook, makes funny rants etc. 
When really that is not me. 

What is depressing me is that people don't see me for what I am, and instead see me for what I am not. 
People are starting to delete me from facebook, which isn't really doing my confidence the world of good. 
Why are they deleting me from facebook? 

I find my confidence just gets shot every single fucking day, I see all these pseudo-happy posts on Reddit, and I feel like, hey, maybe one day I can do that, when I know deep down I can't. 
I'm pathetic, I'm a waste of human flesh. 

What is my life ambition, really? 
What will I do for my life?
I want to be something, but I know, in the end, I'm nothing. 
I want to inspire, do all these sorts of things, but I know I cannot. 
Because simply, it's not in my caliber to do so.
I feel pathetic, every single fucking day, and it's exhausting me. 

I feel like my life is a sadistic play, written into an untimely end. 
Who will miss me when I'm gone?
Nobody. 
People I know will be fucking joyous when I'm gone, like ""Finally, that asshole is dead"". 

I'm a compulsive liar. 
I like to make up stories, like I'm gay, etc, all these stupid childish crap stories I make up which stupid people believe. 
I've noticed that everyone in this world that I know is incredibly fucking stupid. 

Like, everyone around me is completely devoid of intelligence, like sophisticated alienated robots sent to make my life a living hell. 
I know that sounds self-centered, but continuing on. 

I usually go to School, pretend to be this stupid fucking retard for 7 hours, then go home, listen to music, and just think. 
Man, what a fucking life I'm living, huh? 

I've taken to playing the guitar, and it's helping a lot, and it's probably one of the main things that is keeping me alive, besides the personal belief that suicide is selfish. 

I just, I dunno, feel trapped. 
I'm lonely, and all the people I depended on fucking abandoned me, called me ""Annoying In General"" and just fucking abandoned me. 
My only way to reach out to them was via facebook, but now I'm known as an annoying freak who comments a lot on facebook. 
I mean, I don't even use Facebook properly. 
Like someone said ""The more I use facebook, the more I hate my friends. The more I use Reddit, the more I love strangers"" 

Should I delete facebook?
Should I try and reach out to people about this? Primarily my love interest? Will she think I'm a freak for doing so? 
I don't know, all I know is that my life has been going downward all fucking year, and I'm sick of it. 

Please help me Reddit. 

Edit: I'll reply to your comments as much as I can, but I've got to get to School. 

Edit: Thanks for all your posts, really appreciate it. 
Yeah, I'm going to try and see if I can get Reddit to sponsor me or something for Movember or something, however the system works. I'll look it up. 
I also encourage you to grow a mustache for Movember to help out people like me, because we need it. 
More advice is welcome. 

Again, Thank you Reddit. 

"
"This article lead me to a much more happier and healthier life it has taught me how to live and for that I thank whomever wrote it.

You don't have to agree with everything in it, but just read it. and enjoy the giggles :) http://img242.imageshack.us/img242/6827/howtonotfailatlifepn3he9.png

I just noticed the title should read How to live- and be happy. sorry :("
http://www.reddit.com/r/needadvice/comments/dzxu5/am_i_doing_the_right_thing/
"My physician has recommended a different medication for me.  I'm hoping that it has a positive effect on my chronic pain.  I've read up on the side effects and I think I can live with them.  I just need to keep working until a more permanent treatment option is possible.

My primary concern is that the drug is habit-forming.  I don't want to become dependent on it.

Anyone else have some stories to share of physical pain?  Having someone to chat with might help take my mind off for a little while."
"If anyone wants to talk, I'd appreciate it. Not really in the mood for venting publicly. If these sort of posts are against the rules... well then the moderation won't let it past the spam filter, right?

"
"I'm sharing this because it was so bizarre and I was wondering if anyone else has had similar weird experiences.

I had insomnia worse than usual last night, not a wink of sleep the entire night. My thoughts kept churning, slowly becoming the angry madness that is my bleak episode, until I was ready to not show up to work and instead go jump off a bridge.

But then, as I was looking at my alarm clock at 7:08 am, I felt a pop and a jolt made me jump in bed, and the weird thing was I was suddenly, spontaneously fine and ready to go to work. I haven't even felt tired all day.

So I'm thinking some kind of weird dream. What weird experiences like this have others had?"
"I'm fucking tripping out here. I don't even know... I want to talk about it, but then again, I don't because it only reminds me of it, and makes it hurt more. I've got to be the dumbest mother fucker in Texas... at least... Maybe Louisiana too."
"I made [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/du9a4/i_feel_so_shitty/) a while ago, and you guys are all really awesome to have responded to me. I know I didn't answer anyone, but I was too fucking depressed to get on the goddamned computer to read what you were saying. 

Anyway... I guess I should say that nothing is much better. /: Though we all know stuff doesn't go away overnight... though my cat is doing okay. She sleeps a lot now, for being so young...

I didn't mention this in my last post, really... but I realized that I have to. 

Basically, between junior high and high school I tried killing myself twice. I have never been to that point again, but pretty fucking close. I never expected I would be alive to go to college. That statement is 100% true. So I decided it would be good if I spent a lot of time on my school work until the day I died so I could have something to do, to take my mind off of it.

I ended up getting a 3.9 or 4.0 every year. I did okay on my SAT. I just didn't take very good courses. I took things I enjoyed, because I'd figured I'd be dead soon. So I took things like photography and regular English instead of AP classes or even another math class that would help.

College rolls around... I don't know how I'm still here. I'm depressed as fucking hell and to this day I don't know what made me stick around to even get into college. The universities I wanted to go to (none even that great) all rejected me because I didn't do well enough or something. It was really hurtful to any esteem I still had left. It hurt because I could have done better... somehow...

Fast forward to now. I'm on my 3rd semester at a community college I didn't want to go to in the first place. I don't hate it at this point (that might be a lie), but it's not what I wanted. I figured it was okay since I was saving money, but it still hurts sometimes to think my decisions in high school did this to me. I am just cruising by with my classes... not doing exceptionally well or anything. I definitely didn't put all my effort into them. I got a lot of Bs and Cs. I have two As out of 10 classes. 

Within the last month, I decided I would set a goal to go to want to transfer to USC. I know... it's way too high of a goal for me. I haven't told anyone I want to go here except my boyfriend who is... supportive... but he's really realistic about it. I don't know why I chose that school. Probably the same reason anyone else does... for the image, the novelty... being able to say you went there. He tells me I will have to fix my GPA. I would need a 3.6 at the minimum, but I have a 2.16 or something horrible like that. Or I would have to do a fuckton of extracurricular activities. There's really nothing I can do but apply and get rejected, and go to a school that already rejected me.  He's suggested a lot of things I could do to achieve this... but it would involve being in school for years longer than normal, or forgetting about all those grades because they were on a different campus than the one I am currently at. I don't want to go to community college for 5 years to just get rejected anyway.

It's hard enough for me to make a decision to do something with my life. But I can't get over that my previous decisions have fucked me over for what I want to do now. I feel like such a failure to myself. 

I still haven't been able to find a job and I am on the edge. I am on the brink of quitting but I have bills to pay. I almost want to say ""fuck the bills"" and get into a really expensive school so I can kill myself and just know that I was able to do it, then I won't have to deal with any of this.

How do you deal with the fact that your life will never be anything you wanted it to be? I cry every day thinking about it. I am sitting in a coffee shop right now typing this (because if I stay in my home I'll just think about ways to off myself) and I'm tearing up and people are looking.

I feel like I've fucked up way too badly to keep on going. I feel like I am doomed to a life of being depressed because of those stupid decisions I made and how it'll just be a large chain reaction through life, settling for shit the entire way till I finally die. I don't know if I can handle having things to show for being alive, but not doing anything I actually wanted.

I'm pretty sure my decision to transfer to that particular school is a bad one. I am going to get rejected. I just already fucked up too badly. It fucking sucks. I already missed the deadline for next year... but if I get rejected, I'm pretty sure I'll kill myself. I'm not obsessed or anything, but it's kind of like my last hope to do something I want to do... or have my life go in the direction I want it to, and I can't fix it after that. 

I have people all around me going to schools out of state, that they can afford, are having a great time... and they never made a fucking stupid decision to die so now they get to do what they want. It makes me so jealous to no fucking end but it's my own fault. (Now I'm crying.)

My boyfriend is in grad school and I hate to sound like a bitch or like I hate him because I don't, but for fuck's sakes he doesn't even speak English that well. He's only been living here for 10 years and he has better grades by just doing mediocre work. He's fucking brilliant, and when I think about that, it fucking hurts. As far as I know, law school is fucking hard. Yet he only studies for a couple hours a day and still is getting 95%+ on all of his work and passing his midterms with flying colors as I fucking type this.

All because he never made a stupid fucking decision to die. He had fun in college and gets to go this super awesome private school that only takes like 800 people a year out of the 10,000 applicants they get.

I fucking hate myself and all this goddamn un-fixable-ness. I have seriously considered applying to the school and telling them I've tried killing myself but have changed and will be one of the best students they have ever seen if they just give me a chance.

**That's what my life has come to. The fact that a fucking *school* is the last thing keeping me here is disgustingly pathetic. I feel fucking dirty and no matter how many times I shower, I just feel filthier the next day.**

I am so over living.

I want to stop giving a shit about the school I'll never go to, the bearable job I'll never work at, the people I will never know, the people that will never care, and the life I will never have. I want to be content with life, as painful as it might be. I don't give a crap, I just want to accept my shitty decisions and be okay with living a boring life (to me). I also feel this huge burden of guilt because everyone around me had supplied me with things I needed to do the things I want. My dad got me a laptop a couple years ago. My boyfriend gave me support. The internet also gave me support when I needed it... but no, I was too deep down in this fucking hellhole to get myself out and use these things. Instead I wanted to be selfish and end it without caring. I obviously failed, and now I have to live with it, but I'm such a fucking failure; a weak-minded coward that I can't even live with a decision I made and say ""It was stupid, I'm different now"" because *no matter how many times I say that, my life will still be how it is.*"
"I no longer know what to do. About two years ago I started on SSRI due to depression. It was never really diagnosed but my doctor thought I should try it, and I did for six months. It didn't really help. It just numbed everything. Around that time I started spending money. Not huge amounts but...too much. Money on credit. Dug a hole during a long time.. I have since then tried to fix everything...I cut all my cards and started paying my debts. It feels like moving a mountain a grain at a time but I guess it's not getting any worse.

I've lost all my friends in the past few years. They just kinda...went away. Lost touch with all of them. I can't find the energy to find any friends or keep contact with them. I barely get out anymore unless it's for work. Most of the time it feels like I just don't care. 

I have a job, and I have friends at my job, but we don't ""hang out"" outside of work stuff. I'm often so down I can barely get to my job. Some days I don't.

I have this old broken down car that I need to get running (I live where it's very useful to have a car, it's a burden not to. And most of all I'd like to sell it but noone would buy it until it's fixed), but everytime I gather the strength to do something about it something else happens. Something else is broken, I don't have any money at all to do anything about it etc etc...

This month started off okay, I had some money over after paying all my bills then last day my account was emptied. A year ago I had signed up for some online dating thing that cost like $15 for a year. Thing was, they apparently had automatic billing after a year that was for a whole new year which cost hundreds of dollars. That was all I had. I feel absolutely crushed by this. I feel so fucking stupid and so fucking worthless.

Every little setback is becoming a landslide of shit and I'm so so tired of it...

I think about suicide almost every day. I don't think I would ever do it, I just think about it rationally and realize it's a stupid thing to do. But the thought is still there.

I've tried exercise (running) but I never have the energy to keep it up. It seems like to get the energy I must first enough to start...

I don't even know why I'm writing this babbling incoherent mess...it's half past four in the morning here and I can't sleep because I'm just crying and crying and just want to say all of this to anyone."
"Evryday i just question myself about my existence. there are many great things in life however, I can't seem to find my true happiness. The only way I see happiness is when I sleep and dream. It's my happiness, therefore I must die. I don't know when but I think I'll do it soon. I don't want to think about my existence anymore I just want to rest."
"Last night I was writing a paper and was feeling a little nostalgic so I went to browse through some of my friend's old Facebook albums. I'm male and I get extremely anxious when I think a picture of me is coming up or if there is a possibility of a picture of me being in the album. In this one particular picture it was over 3 years ago when I was 17. I was wearing glasses; they were relatively small and black-rimmed. I thought they were nice at the time but they did not work well with my nose making me look like I was wearing the Groucho nose and glasses. Someone made a comment to me about it once and I shrugged it off. It still got to me. Also, when this picture was taken I was becoming really self-conscious about the little hairs connecting my eyebrows (unibrow I think they call it) and took someone's suggestion and went to a place to get it waxed. Little did I know that it would be extremely noticeable and my eyebrows looked all waxed/shaven/weirdly shaped in these pictures. Nothing masculine/guyish at all. Looking at these pictures I cringe and it starts bringing back/confirming a deep hatred I had/have towards myself.

Today, I do not wear glasses I wear contacts. Also, I pluck modestly which gives me a much better result. I'm about to head out of the door for class but I'm very depressed and just needed to say something. Why the hell was I/am I so stupid? Even my stylistic decisions today, will I regret them in a year's time or more? I used to wear my Dad's old jeans which were a couple to a few inches too big along the waste but I liked them and wore them with a belt to hold them up because they were very comfortable. Looking at pictures I realized how much of a moron I looked like wearing them. Anyway, thanks for listening. Any comments will be appreciated."
"Hello again. I've made a few posts here on Reddit. I've been on the site for probably 8 months or so. [This is my submission history](http://www.reddit.com/user/Alphadeus/submitted/)

My first post on Reddit was a direct link to my website where people can listen to my original music for free. My website is [Alphadeus.com](http://www.alphadeus.com). It was well-received all things considered. 

I also posted my life story in [AskReddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cnt5y/why_should_i_keep_going/). I received a lot of comments and was directed to SuicideWatch. 

I did an [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/cw7l8/iama_29_yo_nonprofessional_pianist_with_aspergers/) that was poorly received, and it made me realize that Asperger's Syndrome is apparently a buzz word for assholes to pick on me. But hey, the internet, right? 

I made my first post in [SuicideWatch](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/d3hwl/death_is_always_on_my_mind/) a few months ago. I wasn't really suicidal at the time, but I talked about my obsession with death. 

My [last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/needadvice/comments/e06q2/i_dont_know_what_to_do_with_myself/) was very similar to one of my first where I ask people for advice on how to promote my music. I got a few responses and I appreciate every one of them. 

Now that you know everything about me, I'm coming up to a ""milestone"" in my life, the 13-year anniversary of my father's death (November 9, 2010). 13 is a number I associate with myself (it's often seen as an unlucky number, and I've been unlucky my whole life), and I really want to do something to celebrate. 

Best-case scenario is I buy a bottle of alcohol and drink until I pass out. I have people that I live with that would watch me to make sure I don't overdo it. 

But a huge part of me wants to take the bottle and all of my pills and find an empty parking lot I can celebrate for the last time. I'm obsessed with death and dying and I think ultimately it's the best thing to do. All I'm doing is delaying the inevitable. 

I didn't get much of an education. Because of my condition, I don't have too many friends. Because of these things, I have no where to turn for support and guidance. I'm basically unemployable because of various factors. 

I quit every job I ever had on bad terms (10+ in 10 years). I'm 29 years old with no business or personal references. I have extremely bad dandruff. I shaved my head and it was just a disgusting thick layer of dead skin (or whatever dandruff is). I can't afford to go to a doctor. 

My lower back has been fucked up since I was 18. I have a herniated disc between L4 and L5. It feels like my back is getting worse in different areas. It's making it hard to perform physical labor. I can't get an office job because the only office job I ever had I burned that bridge. 

I'm broke with absolutely no clue how to fix things. At this point I feel like I'm just going to call it a life and kill myself on November 9. I mean it won't be that big of a deal, right? The only people that are going to be upset are my girlfriend and her family, but they'll get by. 

I hope it happens. I deactivated my facebook, left a negative message on my livejournal and twitter, and I'm cutting all ties with everyone to make this as easy as possible. 

Go to my website. There's over 30 hours of mostly original piano music, plus maybe a hundred songs I wrote since 2000. That is all I have to show for my pathetic existence. 

Ugh. I don't know what's going to happen. There needs to be some kind of Christmas fucking miracle to convince me to stick around. It's all been nothing but death and bad luck, and I'm tired of being life's punching bag."
"'ve been a self-harming since i'm a young kid. I've dealt with depression and a bunch of other stupid diagnosis. i've been in and out of hospitals a total of 6 times. I'm so tired of it all. I switched to cutting on my legs are whatever a while ago, but today was the first time I cut my my arms a bunch in a long time. It felt wonderful. It gives me courage to go through with it. My friends aren't my friends anymore. I can't work. I'm failed out of the program i was in in college. I have nothing goin for my life. The one thing I had left was the love I thought was had in my relationship. But now I realize he doesn't feel the same way about me anymore. He's always yelling at me, getting angry. Now when we argue, he puts his hands on me. The one person I thought I had, I can no longer trust.
there's nothing keeping me here. And I feel like I've been prolonging this moment for too long. I've been living off of sleeping pills, sedatives and pain killers for the past tow or three days. None of it is helping at all. Sure, I know, its unhealthy. On paper, logically in my mind, I'd be able to have a very rational list of suggestions to try and help a person in my situation. but what I'm feeling... I can't escape it. i feel like it time to just take matters into my own hands and finish all this pain I go through every day. You can say its selfish, I agree. all ive ever tried to do is please people. i don't care if i'm selfish now.
i just dont know what to do. I just want to disappear and not feel or think anything anymore.

i have enough pills to knock me out. but i'm not relying on that alone. I have my little collection of razors and exacto blades. i want it to be thorough. I don't want anyone to find me or to fail again... being in a state hospital is like cruel punishment. i'll never go back there. so if i'm gonna do it, ill do it right. 

i feel like that guy from that old movie, where he keeps trying to kill himself and keeps failing? i forget what its called..."
"Sorry if I sound cliche or douchy, but I need some help.  I'll try to keep it short

I was bullied most my life for my size, I grew up being hated by everyone and that hate has followed me into college.  I don't see myself as a human being anymore, more of like a charity case that everyone is forced to either be nice to or ignore.  I haven't had a girlfriend in 2 years, not because I can't get a girl, but because I hate everyone.  I can't trust people.  I've tried but every time I let someone in, they stab me in the back.  My brother makes sure that every day he reminds me what a piece of shit i am.  He waves his life around in my face, bragging about his girlfriend and his friends and how I don't have the looks or the charisma he has.  Everyday he reminds me that I'm no one.  the thought of dying is relieving to me, it doesn't scare me at all (im also an atheist).  

When I was in highschool, the only group of people who loved me for who I was were the stoners.  I still smoke pot today, and I love it.  I only do it on the weekends because I need to concentrate for school.  When I smoke, the weight of the world is lifted from my shoulders; i listen to music, read, and think about life.  When I smoke i enjoy being alive, and that attitude stays with me for days after I smoke.  Marijuana is not an escape drug, I'm not that kind of person.  I don't smoke when Im sad, im just happy when I smoke.  Unfortunately I live in a society that thinks that I'm a criminal for doing so.  I live in a world that hates me, and doesn't want me to get better.  I remember wrestling in high school; some days I couldn't eat lunch because i had to lose weight, I would sit there in the lunch room starving and emaciated.  I would sit there while my teammates would dangle food in front of my face and taunt me.  My own friends.

My parents think depression isn't real, so my earlier cries for help just ended in them saying ""man up"".  My parents blamed me for everything.  To them I feel as though I'm a waste of money on their part, a bad investment, a mistake.  My brother was always the favorite since he survived a life threatening disease when he was 16.  He is worth more money.  Every time him or his friends messed up the house my parents would make me clean it up.  one time he got in a fight with my neighbor and broke our front door.  I got punished and they made me fix it even though I wasn't even there when it happened.  when i was younger, my brother used to hold me down by putting his knees on my arms and hitting me in the face over and over.  One time we got in a fight; he his me so hard is broke his pinky. I got in trouble.  He used to hold me down and spit in my mouth and intentionally get me sick.  My parents never did anything about it.  to their defense, he *is* worth more.  

The only thing that loved me was my dog.  Had her from when i was 6 months old.  when my parents fought or my brother would beat me up, I would hide in my room and cry. i'd hear my dog pawing at my locked bedroom door.  I'd let her in and she'd lick my face. I loved her so much. She died when I was 14.  Imagine having the only thing that gave you unconditional love die on you; then going to school and getting bullied that same day.  I fucking hate this world.

Suicide has been on my mind for some time now.  I think about a year and a half.  Playing out how I would do it has become an everyday thing.  The answer to everything is ""kill yourself"".  I do not think I'll actually kill myself anytime soon.  But, I'm only 20 and I want to die.  I've been doing shit like driving without a seatbelt, crossing the street without looking, etc. 

Sorry it's so long
"
"Let me start by saying that I'm in no immediate danger.  While I might very well end my life at some point, it won't be tonight.  I'm not going to act rashly and I would like to believe that I am in control of all my mental faculties.

Next I would like to point out that there is not any looming crisis that has driven me to this point.  I am a 20yr old undergrad student on full scholarship at a respectable university.  I have a reasonably well-paying job that I rather enjoy.  I have a small circle of friends that I love dearly.  From the outside, it would appear that I have my life together.

All that being said, suicide is something that has been on my mind for as long as I can remember.  This includes feelings as a small child that predate my father's untimely death and my subsequent falling out with my mother.  As time goes on, I progress through good periods and bad periods of my life, but in the past decade I've actively considered suicide at least once every couple of weeks, and several times daily during the bad stretches.
My basic idea is this: life is hard.  While I intellectually appreciate that my life could have been much worse, people have hurt me.  People have let me down.  Pain and suffering are a fundamental part of the human existance.  The trouble is I lack a counterbalance to offset my misery.

Simply put, I don't care about anything in life.  I have no interest in continuing my studies or advancing my career.  I don't want to meet new people or try new things.  There are people I care about in this world that likewise care about me but I can't stick around simply for their sake.  I have no religious basis for my life.  For the last several years I have been enduring life, hoping to find something that would give my existence some kind of significance, but I have yet to find anything.

In summary, I don't enjoy life.  On a day-to-day basis my misery outweighs any fleeting amusement I might find.  And thus I frequently yearn for death.  Ideally I'd be diagnosed with some terminal illness that would give me a month or so to get my affairs in order, and then I could die in peace with no regrets.  Is it not logical therefore to kill myself?  If I am emotionally incapable of happiness, shouldn't I be euthanised like an old dog in constant physical pain?  If each day is filled with miserable thoughts of suicide, would I not be better off dead?  I realize that this is a horrible and irreversible decision, and thus I have staggered through life like this for years.  But all sentimental feelings and moralities aside, at what point is enough, enough?

*Edit: Formatting. Long time lurker here on Reddit, this is my first actual post."
"I'm going to preface this by saying that I am not at immediate risk of ending my life. More accurately, I am at risk of being at risk of harming myself. I can't stop thinking about ending it, and while I know this is sort of common, I need some guidance or words of support because I feel like I'm hurtling towards that danger at frightening speed. I hope that it's OK that I post here despite not having the immediate intention to harm or kill myself.

Somewhere around 3 months ago, I broke up with my girlfriend of 2 and a half years. I was miserable in the relationship, and she was miserable as a result. I don't know if I can properly explain why I was unhappy, but I figured that given we're both still young-ish (both 26 years old) and that my lack of passion for the relationship seemed too high a hurdle to jump, I ended it. It wasn't amicable, but it was respectful. And for a while, I felt amazing. An enormous weight had been lifted off my shoulders, I was free to do those things I couldn't do when I was with her (small unimportant things, eg. playing video games at odd hours). And I got so productive too. I lost an enormous amount of weight through diet and exercise, I got amazingly good grades on my exams and I got really social.

She turned ugly after a couple weeks. Nasty texts, nasty public twitter messages; all acts of despair rather than malice but hurtful nonetheless. I had to cut off contact, and I did so as respectfully as possible. All this ugliness was like a parade of the worst parts of our relationship (greatly exaggerated by the trauma of a break-up), and basically kept me from remembering the good things about our relationship (and there were lots).

After a month, a girl asked me out, and I went for it. And for the first month, things were great. Nothing has changed now, in fact she's even more affectionate than she was at the start (an issue for me at first), but now I am so deep in a pit of depression and regret and I don't know what to do.

I've been through a bit in my life - my sister killed herself last year, my best friend the year prior, my aunt and my grandmother before that. Also, my parents were abusive (physically &amp; emotionally), though I know that's not exactly a rarity these days. Though it's all been traumatic, it has granted me some really valuable insight into myself, and over the years when faced with an emotional crisis or drama, I've taken so much comfort in being able to objectify a situation and deal with it in a way that seemed rational. My best coping tool has been myself, basically. I know that not all situations can be 100% objectified, I'm not a cold emotionless machine, but I usually let that objectivity drive my way to resolution though all the emotion, and it's been SO effective.

I found out last week that my ex started seeing someone, and that they've gotten SUPER serious. He gave her a $6500 family heirloom, and I'm hearing about how she's finally so happy. I am truly glad for this. She deserves happiness, and she has a lot of love to give. And for some reason, this news has destroyed me. I can objectively say that at the time, my breaking up with her was the most sensible choice, but for some reason, now after so many things, my tools for coping with this emotional crisis ARE NOT WORKING. I can not stop feeling enormous regret for breaking up with her, and longing for a time machine so I can reverse the damage (a completely destructive thought, since time machines OF COURSE don't exist). Meanwhile, my feeling this way is a supremely shitty thing to do to my current girlfriend, and I am 100% aware of this. I entered the relationship with her innocently, I truly thought I was over my ex (I really soul-searched!), and now, this.

To reiterate, while my objective summary of the situation backs up my actions - we were unhappy and I ended it, she's found happiness and that's a REALLY GOOD THING, I cannot dig myself out of this deep emotional pit and nothing I do seems to help. I can't stop thinking about hurting myself, because I'm so incredibly desperate to feel something other than this. I am aware of the repuccusions of harm or suicide on my family which has already gone through so much - too much - but I'm beginning to lose the ability to care. I know that in time, things will probably be better, but I cannot find comfort in that. I can't find comfort in anything, I just hate myself for seemingly destroying the happiness in my life, and for, for want of a better term, actively emotionally cheating on my current girlfriend who deserves better than to be with someone with his heart in two places.

To reiterate again, but more succinctly, my one tool for dealing with crisis has suddenly stopped working and it's sent me hurtling down into a dark place at an impossible rate. I was 100% fine a week ago. Help.

x-post to relationship_advice"
"Im definitly not going to be the most important post any of you read today, that I am sure of. But Im in need of reassurence. Im a 17 year old male that has pretty much just lost the best friends he has ever had. All because he was unable to get over a girl. 

We tried to be friends, we managed to make it work for two months, but I never had time away from her after the break up due to our group of friends being very small and close knit. Im someone who puts others first so I couldnt ask my friends to leave her out. So I put up with the pain. We always get along extremely well and I love that, but at the same time it hurt. So now things have changed, I couldnt take the pain so I decided that I wasnt going to complicate her life (her lifes pretty messed atm aswell) after making her cry at a halloween party (Im a dick for it I know but I really didnt mean to) and now I have lost the best friends I could ever ask for due to not being able to ask them to just hang out with me. I have no idea what to do... 

Ive atteampted suicide 5 times now due to varying reasons and I need a reason not to do it now. I have zero good points in my life atm, any advice no matter how small will be helpful.. Help a first time redditor out? Thanks"
[removed]
"1. Find a piece of paper.  
2. Fold in half, hot-dog style. Label the left side ""things I love about life"" and the right side ""things I hate about life"".  
3. Start by filling up the side with ""things I hate"", then do the side with ""things I love"". It may be a struggle, but you **must** finish the left side. 
4. Evaluate which things on the right side are temporary, and which things on the left will always be there.  
5. **optional:** continue doing this for as long as you want, on many sheets of paper.  
6. ???  
7. Massive profit. Life is awesome.  

----

I've done this many times, and it has never failed me."
"Writing this would feel hardcore emo to the max, but eh, here goes nothing ...

Why live? I don't hate life, I just find it rather void of meaning. I'm only 17, and already at college from 6 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon everyday, busting my balls. And what will I do after college? I'll spend the rest of my life working in a cubicle for 8 hours a day, earning worthless pieces of paper with which I might end up wiping my ass in a couple of years. Talking of college, chances are I'll drop out and will never finish my degree due to my intense lack of motivation (failing all my core classes). In fact, I hate the field of my study, but I love my family to a point that I cannot disappoint them by switching majors (my father is very excited about my program. He loves peeking over my desk and seeing what I do, and always pushes a little laughter of excitement afterwards). I'd go as far as to say that they're the only reason I'm still here. I'm still alive because I simply don't want to make them suffer by suiciding. Motivation doesn't work either. My top goal to move back to Europe after finishing university, but I'm apathetic about that too nowadays.

Now that I've spilled my thoughts into an unorganized paragraph, I'd like to let you know that I'm not really suicidal (well, accidents are always welcome, but I won't go out of my way to end my life), just generally tired of life and its bullshit and looking for someone to answer this - why live? Why go through all this hassle?

And the most ironic part? I'm the guy that everyone goes to see with their problems, asking me how to be more confident, get girls, etc. Then after I've sorted their life out (helped them work out, confidence, basic-fucking-hygiene rules, fashion, communication, etc.), they simply forget about me and start hanging out with their new zyzz, pauly-d and the situation friends.

tl;dr - downwards spiral, hate my university degree, no motivation, someone tell me - why go through all this bullshit?"
[removed]
"""I decided ill probably commit suicide in the next few months, life is too hard and I can't really handle it."" What do I do? She said she is too stressed out. I told her I would care and she said I'd get over it. Which is not true."
[removed]
"
Dear SW -

I'm a first time poster in the annals of these halls, but I've been on both sides of the suicide watch before - I have contemplated, and I have been the one talking through those who are contemplating.  It had been a few years prior to today that I'd been confronted with this situation, but it is never any less harrowing.

Today I was having lunch in a residential neighborhood that backs up to a few small office buildings.  I heard cries of distress coming from the parking lot of those buildings, persisting on ten minutes.  I went to go see what was wrong, and I found a young woman bawling and pushing away help, sitting against the edge of a building asking those surrounding her to go away.  I did not interject - it was none of my business - but as I was about to turn home, this young woman pushed herself off the building, bolted my direction, looked me in the eyes, and kept going.  Into traffic.  On a major street in a major metro area.

SW, I was a random bystander.  As she bolted, her family that had been pleading with her yelled ""STOP HER!"".  I didn't.  She saw me make the conscious decision not to.  But she proceeded into traffic, full tilt, and froggered her way to the other side of the street.

She survived today.  But if she hadn't, SW, she would have hurt so many people – the man who ran after her in traffic, the driver who hit her, the police officers that would’ve had to console her grieving parents, the people who called 911.  And me, the man who didn’t stop her.

The collateral damage of suicide is so much larger than ever anticipated.  Please know you are **never** alone.  Use resources like this, SW, or suicide hotlines.  If a situation ever gets too intense, get the FUCK out of the situation – defuse for a bit.  Life can get shitty real easily, but please, don’t give up."
"To my friends in /r/depression and /r/SW:

I wrote a list of thoughts that used to torment me when I was in my lowest of lows, and what I wish I could tell my past self. I don't know if it helps anyone, but I'd like to put it out there just in case.

**1. What I'm going through is nothing; people have gone through the Holocaust and I'm struggling with work/school/etc.**

You're going through your own personal hell and other people have no idea to what extent you're suffering. You are fighting demons that others can only begin to imagine and it's absolutely something that is going to tax your energies, make you tired, drag you down. Looking back on this time in your life, you will be amazed at the strength you had.

People have different skills. You never see a triathlon athlete who is also a world-class chess player and a rockstar. People all have their strengths. As someone who is going through a hard time, your efforts are devoted to taking care of yourself, putting on a brave face, and making it through the day; the fact that you're still here, reading this, means that you're doing well at it. Your strength right now is surviving, and it's no less a struggle than the athlete's or rockstar's, or even someone who survived a war.

Do you think Holocaust victims or Poles in WWII planned to be heroes and survivors? No, but they found the strength to make it through, day by day. You have clearly found that strength, and you must keep making it through, day by day by day.


**2. I'm blowing everything out of proportion.**

You are absolutely not blowing things out of proportion. You are going through a very, very difficult time in your life. Back to the athlete/chess player/rockstar example, some people make their living with their heads, some with their bodies, and all those are valid. Mental struggles are just as important and valid as physical struggles. 

You are going through mental hell. If you were going through physical hell, your wounds would be more visible, you'd probably get more sympathy, people wouldn't be as quick to judge.. and yet you're going through a mental struggle now, which is just as much of a struggle and just as difficult to bear.

Some of you are going through both mental and physical struggles, and others too (spiritual, etc). You have it so tough but think of how brave you are that you've made it so far, alive.


**3. I'm the worst piece of shit who has ever lived. I should just do the world a favor and take myself out of the world.**

Do you blame a person with a cleft lip for their disability? Should you deny the handicapped disability access to buildings? No, because we recognize that some people have problems which are beyond their control and which we shouldn't fault or blame them for.

You have something which is affecting the way you function and the way you view the world, as you know by the sheer fact that you're here, and your priorities now shouldn't be on comparing yourself to other people, or overanalyzing how you treat them, but on getting through. People are very forgiving. I'm sure you forgive people all the time for things that are outside their control. So why are you so hard on yourself? There are things happening in your head which are outside your control and trust me, friends, family, even acquaintances and strangers can be more forgiving and understanding than we often give them credit for.

Besides, when you do end up making it through, you are going to be so much of a stronger person for having had survived this.


**4. Everyone else is doing so well; look how happy they are.**

Everyone is fighting their own battles, to greater or lesser extents. Often we don't even know until someone really lets us inside, but the most well-adjusted people I've met have sometimes confessed to me stories of depression, desperation, abuse, and despair. 

Which does *not* mean that they all understand what you're going through. You're not just depressed, you can't just get over it with some chocolate and a movie. But many of them at least understand what it's like to feel so low you think you'll never get out, and many are putting on a brave face just the same way you are.

An estimated 10% of Americans have some kind of diagnosable mental illness. Often it's hard to find other people who feel like you do, but support groups and even online groups like this one can really help to make you feel like you're not the only person suffering in a world of cheerful, happy people who are ""somehow"" doing better.



**5. It'll never get better.**

It can. I promise. You're going to have to trust me.

I made it through with the help of friends, family, therapy, and meds. It was never easy but I'm here now, graduating from a good school and doing okay on most days. The most important thing is, I'm still here. There were times when the only thing keeping me going was luck, and if that's all you got, then cultivate it.

--

Do any of you have anything to add? Did I offend someone? Is anything up there very wrong? Please let me know if so."
"I love you. I care about you. I want to help you. Yes, you reading this not thinking this is meant for anyone specific. I've been there, I've hated it and sometimes you just want a hug. So *hug* I'm here. 

Feel free to PM me. I have AIM and MSN too. I am though in Europe and in morning therapy every day, so my hours might be weird, but I'll try to chat as much as possible if you need me. I'll probably send you something offline occasionally so you get a nice little message.

We can chat about anything. We can be friends. Or I can be a sound-board; something to rant at. No worries, I'm fine with all that. Honestly, I promise. You can tell me anything, and I'll try my very best to help or point you in the direction of help.

As for who I am? Well, let's see. Roman Catholic, so I hope that doesn't scare you off. I shan't chat about religion if you don't want, but I'll probably offer to pray for you. I'm a fantasy/medieval/mythology geek- love the clothes, read the books, write stories too. Also into anime and anime OSTs. Plus Doctor Who, can't forget that. ^^ Ooh, and I'm a girl. :) I've been dealing with OCD, depression and anxiety. Some of that includes not being able to make friends and keep in contact with people. So I'm trying to fix that somewhat. As mentioned I'm in therapy, which is going well, and on meds.

I care about you. I love you. I'll do my best to help. Take my hand, we'll find our way out of this dark scary forest together.

My AIM is: ""O Notturna""

MSN: vmjwolfess@hotmail.com

- Victoria"
"[original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dr6pz/im_a_spoiled_cunt_who_couldnt_even_handle_college/) God damn it things were going to be okay, I fucking thought they were.

Okay, so a month ago. I got some help from you guys and you guys really did help (You helped me put my things in perspective, realize that a 2.2 isn't the end of the world, and in all honesty, I can't thank you guys enough for that). Recently I had another midterm. However, I was supposed to do my test in a Testing Center (part of my 504/Academic accommodations plan). Something went wrong and long story short I couldn't get extended time for my second midterm. I studied my ass off and did what ever I could to soften the blow. The worst part is I actually knew the stuff, I knew I could ace that midterm. I live with my parents and my mom (econ major/tutor) is pissed at me, she has been because she thinks that I'm living the typical rich brat life (which I don't even want). She said If I get less than 100%, I'm cut off. All my hopes of even getting my degree are slowly unraveling. She said that I can't even transfer to community college with my grades and that I can't afford it even with financial aid. 

Don't get me wrong you guys, I thank you so much for all your help, and I thought that this was the end of it all, but apparently I'm back on square 1. I'm scared and I think I might do something irrational being in this conflict. I don't know what to do, guys. I have literally nothing in marketable skills and this little piece of paper is all I'm praying on. Now that shit is gone.

**tl,dr: I'm threatened of getting kicked out of the house for not getting an A on one exam. Everything I did was for nothing.**"
"I'm weak.  And I know I'm weak.  It's tough even typing this out, admitting on paper, that I consider myself a weak human being.  All my life I have been a procrastinator, a half-ass-er, never setting my priorities straight and lazing about all times of the day.  Now I'm near the end of the line.  I have no friends here in Germany; I have those who claim to be my friend, few that talk to me periodically, none that ever find the time to spend with me.  I am lonely.  I've been lonely for quite some time, going on almost a year, since I came back from AIT.  My happiness has slowly been waning ever since then.  I can't take it anymore.  Too often I have woken up with a 'I'm changing this now' attitude, yet nothing changes for long.  What is wrong with me?  Why can't I enjoy life?  I spend so much time attempting to help others, make sure others aren't depressed, that they see the good in life.  I'm quick to offer advice, an ear to listen, or even an escape from the sadness, for even just a while.  That is never reciprocated to me.  I've been depressed forever, yet no one ever sees it.  I hide it, and I hide it well.  No one cares anyways.  The last time someone initiated a conversation with me online, was because they were looking for a rebound relationship.  I was later figured this out.  There's no one out there for me.  I'm stuck.  I don't know what to do anymore.  People only talk to me for their own narcissistic reasons.  Why must I always be depressed?  How can I find relief?  I am always running the pain away, always attempting to go to the gym, lift the weight away.  Nothing changes.  I can't move from where I am.  I've tried everything.  It seems helpless.  What can I do?

there is no risk to my life, but i feel out of options at this point."
"The only way this bottom gets more rocky is if they take these kids away from me while I'm still alive. Why have to deal with that heartbreak, pain, anxiety as well when it can all end now rather than later... I'm so sick of living like this, that I'm sick of living. No one will hire me. No one will help me. I need a leg up.... A boost.... but there's no one to help me climb this fence and escape from what is essentially a prison of poverty and hunger. I'd rather be dead, then alone and homless."
"The past year has been a difficult series of losses; mostly possessions, but the worst were friends.

Today someone destroyed the last thing I cared about.

I just can't keep up the charade."
"So I gave some backstory last time I posted. I've been cutting and burning for the past like 10 years. I've have bulimia and EDNOS in the past, which i still have trouble with. Been out of hospitals 6 times, numerous attempted suicides. 

but looking back i realize... they were all half-assed. I feel like i need to do something serous. Since i last posted I overdosed twice, two night in a row. Sure it made me sick and out of it, and my boyfriend tried to convince me to go to the hospital, but I refused. He's lost patience with me, and i can't blame him. I drive him so crazy to the point where he's yelling and punching things and pushing/shoving me and throwing my possessions. I'm killing him on the inside. And if it wasn't for all the pain i'm feeling, i think i'd be dead inside too. But all I feel as pain...

i'm still a bit out of it from all the pills. my balance is ridiculous. I went to the psych today and lied, saying I lost my meds, so I have a whole new months worth right now. plus a little left over. One of them is lamictal though, and that can give you crazy allergic reactions and a rash, and something called steven johnsons syndrome... idk. at this oint i dont care. I'll take it. I've been slicing up my arms for the past few days, i had to go buy long sleeve shirts to wear just cause of that. i want to cat more and more and more. I wish I had rope. I just keep thinking of all the ways i wish i could die. I hate my life, I hate my influence on the world around me, but I feel trapped inside my own body and mind.

i wish i felt guilty about lying about the medicine. i took it all, i never lost it, it was never stolen. But i cant help that i love that i was able to get more.

i dont know what to do. I feel like all i need is one little puch, and i'll be slicing for real... and not for temporary relief....

i dont think a hospital would help. I self injured and purged and restricted while i was in the hospital too. it just never stops. i try, but it all builds up all over again. the cutting, the purging... its all i have left to hold on to, to call my own, that no one can take away from me. i just don't see a point in living a life what its so hard and painful to do so. I wish I could be those people I see walking down the street with confidence, or laughing on the phone or with a friend. But i'm not. I'm smothered in this cloud of depression.... 

i guess i just needed to vent. i'm sorry guys. you know have to respond. the responses you last during my last post were kind and thoughtful, but even though logically i can accept your words, in my heart i just can't seem to believe it. I just cant seem to believe in anything better than this wreckof a life I'm living. "
"This might be out of place to put here, by all means vote me down if that's the case. I've never been in the same situation any of you are in, but one of my favourite people has, and I thought I'd share a poem he wrote to his previously suicidal self.  
  
He is very angry at himself.

""How dare you assume that I'll sleep when you're dead  
This is well outside the boundries of acceptable behaviour  
I will not give you the go ahead, you will not be remembered fondly   
I'm throwing down the gauntlet, fuck you this isn't your decision  
And for all the holy fuck I give, your little spectacle is ended  
But dont think for just one second you've honored your obligations to me  
I'm serious look in my eyes, I don't find this funny   
Or whatever you imagine poetry and justice feels like when you combine them  
I am not going to allow this on my watch buddy, nobodies impressed  
With your imagined sacrifice device or insurmountable regret  
You are not uniquely pained and if you go we won't be sorry  
And who the hell are you to put me through the banality of watching this  
Cause many better men have gone for clearly better reasons and I  
Starkly must remind you that you have not even been trying  
And that's the only thing remarkable about you, stop me if I'm lying  
  
We are always outnumbered but we were never out militiad  
There's no dignity for criminals, no ministry for the wicked  
In this town if you make a sound you're the leper with the most fingers  
The League of Extraordinary Nobodies, the other teams bringing in ringers  
No faith in the majority, no hope for the little ones  
Sally pulled a pistol out, billy got a blunderbous  
So what the fuck are you feeling that makes your struggle so wonderous?  
Enough to arrogantly pull what's left of the rug out from under us?  
I think not, you're in the same barrel all us other crabs are caught  
And if I have to live, you have to live; whether you like this shit or not""



"
"This is so frustrating. Okay, so my dad lost his job over the summer due to budget cuts and he's around 55 years old, near the age of retirement. He's trying to find a Pharmacy Technician job but no luck. Around several weeks ago, he fell into depression. He's the type of guy who would always stay optimistic no matter how bad the situation gets. But now, everytime I get a text from my sister who lives at home with him in NYC (I'm dorming in college) she would tell me how my dad no longers watches tv, he just sleeps all day and all night, he barely moves around, he feels weak all the time. I try to call my dad everyday because I want to cheer him up. I no longer hear the enthusiasm in his voice. He usually greets me with ""Hey buddy!"" but now all I hear is a weak ""Hello..."" It breaks my heart to hear him struggling and I look up to him no matter what. I love him and he has made so many sacrifices for me and my sister. My mom, sister, and my dad's cousin are trying to get him back to his feet. He no longer has the motivation to keep looking for job because he says he's old and no employers will want to take him. I tell him not to give up so every once in a while I'd go on job listing websites (Since I have access to his resume and cover letter) I would try to apply for an opening for him but I never get any reply. I believe my dad will no longer feel depressed if he finally gets a job but now the chances are looking slim with this economy. I don't know what to do, I really want to help him. What else can I do to pull him out of depression? I'm trying to convince him to go out and just take a refreshing walk or be with his friends. I call him everyday and my mom makes sure that he takes his anti-depressant medicine. I was thinking about having some Redditors send him a motivational card but I'm skeptical about that idea because of potential trolls. Help me, Redditors :\ Also, I apologize if I'm posting in the wrong subreddit but I feel like I have nowhere to turn to."
"...you are are aware of the consequences on both aspects of suicide. You are aware that it is indeed essentially a fool-proof way to ""give up"", but also are aware that, ""No, not really. The ""problem"" is still there, you are just no longer part of it.""

I think that essentially summarizes my current state. I really wish I could just wake up one morning and go ""Fuck it, I am tired of it."" and just end it. But no, instead my brain goes ""I could end it all, but what good does that do?"", then some little voice inside head tells me about Darwinism, and that I would just be putting a dent into evolution and crap. And how, essentially suicide will serve no beneficial purpose, for anyone really; especially myself, since I would not be there to appreciate, or even see, if there was any benefit of it.

I guess it does not help either that I research this stuff in my textbooks(BioChemistry B.S.), Pubmed, Wikipedia, etc. So knowing a lot of this shit on a microscopic level does not help either, just makes me feel even more stupid to think that suicide would be a feasible fix to any of this, since most of this has to do with brain chemistry.

So I guess I find myself in some state of limbo, and simply knowing too much about the topic, which I believe is interfering, for better or worse, to make a decision that would sway the scale to one side or another.

I guess, what is there to do in this situation? When you are essentially the ""undecided"", just because you are too aware of the consequences between the two sides. I have not done much research in terms of the effects of ""suppressing thoughts"" and such, but I am pretty sure, seeing suicide as a viable solution, even if you have views to counteract it, is still at least some form of ""red flag"".

:/"
"Whoop I'm suicidal. Long term suicial.

I know I need to give you the details but right now feel like i can't make the energy to articulate it all. maybe just need someone to ask a bit about it.

I do not have any terrible cross to bear. I do not have the problems of other people. I am popular, earn good money, lead an exciting life full of new things and meaningful achievements and have the admiration of my peers. There is one piece missing however. 

I want to kill myself because I do not have a girlfriend. 

Here I am."
"This might be kinda long, sorry, and it's kind of a bunch of jumbled thoughts. 
I don't know what to do with my life at this point, but I have the been thinking about ending my life.
I'm 16, me and both my parents are bipolar.
I have 4 siblings and none of them have anything wrong with them. I'm the problem child.  Since August my grades have slipped and I can't seem to bring them back. I have friends who care but my parents won't let me be with them because according to them 'friends only get you so far'. I have no one right now to talk to and I've trapped myself in my room since last night. I've turned to weed and alcohol so I don't have to deal with my problems in the past few monthes. My parents call me names and dumb me down constantly. My mom has started hitting me if I don't listen to excactly what she says. None of my friends know excactly what's going on and I'm almost scared to tell them. Help?"
"Please ask me questions, please talk to me, please judge me, please help me, please talk to me, please ask me how I have affected others, and how it has affected me. I don't want to just type it out to noone."
I just ran out of meds getting depressed and having crazy thoughts again. I can't get meds until the 18 so I have no other options. I am just scared because I was there 1 month ago so they may send me to a state hospital. Take care everyone I will be here a couple of hours before I go.
"Thank you for taking the time to read this. In the middle of this year, my one and only parent had a mild heart attack. It wasn't the first (the doctors screwed up bad with the first one, and she lost half of her heart's function). Not three days later, she had double bypass surgery on it. They took two veins from her leg, and consequently cut a nerve in it. Later, we found out that, beside her leg's tremendous pain, she needs to be on oxygen. So, in short, she got fired from her job and can't work anymore.

We're losing our house, and she's going bankrupt. My job downsized me a month before all of this happened, and, least to say, I barely have adequate income to support the both of us and keep the house. The house itself is a lost cause since it is in disrepair, she can't afford it,  and my mother can't take care of it anymore. I can't take care of it because I'm so busy with school and work. Keeping the house is not the issue--it's whether or not I can keep us off of the streets.

I found this perfect apartment, but I don't have the money to put us on the waiting list. I'm trying to get a second job, but the market is tight. And, when school picks up again, I don't know if I'll be able to keep everything up as I have long-standing issues with treatment-resistant depression. I've been on every medicine there is, but nothing works. I barely have the money to buy meds for my mother, much less for myself anyway. 

I'd quit school, but there's an outstanding bill from the mess-up of this semester. I need the financial aid for Spring to save me from getting hit with that bill.

I have no one to turn to now. No real family, and my friends are in a similar boat. I can't even talk to them about it without us collectively getting depressed. 

I want to die. More than anything right now. There isn't a day where I don't feel dead on the inside, or a day where I don't cry. It's so selfish, but I'm getting to the point where selfless is going to kill me. When I have to take a risk for whatever reason, I say to myself, ""Oh, well. I could always kill myself later."" I don't want to live like this anymore."
"I'm so sorry this is fucking long...just skip on if you don't forever.../sigh
I've been with my wife a long time and I love her. but early on I was a dick. more so than I remember because she finds new things to remind me of all the time. 
Basically...we used to have awesome wild sex, do drugs and started going to fetish parties. had 3somes...played in foam parties it was great. then I went to a party without her got black out drunk and told her some of the details in kind of a dick way and I was still drunk and super guilty and being a dick ...yea that was brilliant...so I let her beat the shit out of me. I didn't bother blocking even the crotch shots. I deserved it. she even stopped the car once on a highway to make me walk home like 15 miles and took my cell phone. she came back in like 10 minutes but I just took it because I felt like I deserved it.  
I soon dreaded going home and had suicidal thoughts. I befriended a female employee, which was bad. I didn't date or fuck her but I was inappropriate with her and my then fiancée was forwarding emails to herself and saving them to torture herself. for like years...
eventually, we broke up after 2.5 years torture. I went from confident, cocky and strong presence to essentially introverted...I break out of the mold on occasion...but usually I defer to her now I just try to avoid conflict. 
so eventually I can't take this shit and I tell her she needs to move out and I'll keep paying her ...[nice luxury vehicle]...among other expenses while she was in college...after 2 months of me just binge partying in a vain attempt to mask/numb the pain I was just retarded...that's not a well written sentence but I'm high...I had some minor surgery and she came to see me in the hospital and we reconnected. she unloaded some emotional stuff and I said some shit we kissed made up and life was back to being better...
I managed to go back to consulting and was busting my ass to support bringing a kid into this world because I had to have insurance and all this crazy shit...and she starts resenting me. Then my son is born...and I only took of 2 days from work. Please I know I'm a dick, but I am an army of one and I have a lot of clients... well for 1 person. there's no one to help me and I have to put food on the table. I admit that I stole a couple of hours of me time because I was overloaded with stress no sleep and I later found out a postpartum wife (diagnosed by her doc and Rx'd meds) but still resented me for suggesting that I hire help. like a part time nanny or something. So we are growing more and more distant and she thinks I'm the asshole of the year because I work from home but I'm an absentee father and husband. I admit I was busting my ass...but did I mention that my clients might be regulated out of business, therefore our income will evaporate? I need to start throwing irons in the fire. 
so she got super pissed at me and basically wanted a divorce because I said drunkenly in front of her family that these bitches on tv were fucked up because they were complaining that parenting is not as fun as they thought it would be...really? are you paris hilton? so I said some remarks that were construed by her to mean I resent having a child because this is not what I was sold. 

She's not speaking to me for days. I'm feeding my son. and her laptop is on the table with outlook open, and I see an email from victoria secrets...I like looking at half naked women and maybe I could buy a peace offering. so I click on the link and IE is running and focused on a tab with gmail open to an account I didn't know about and there was a message complementing him on his amazing cock. 

I quickly tabbed to VS. and pretended I didn't see it. I could feel my pulse throughout my body...in fact the migraine is getting worse reliving it again...she snatches the laptop bitches about privacy and I start working her unconsciously to make her feel like a guilty piece of shit telling her all about how much I love her and I want to make the marriage work. which is true but deep down I'm trying to passively hurt her and I feel like shit. after a few days I need a lot of xanax to make it through the day. 

finally her mom takes my son, I take her to dinner and I drop some shocking innocuous bit about my past to lay the ground work for her to make an admission...especially after 2.5 years of holier than thou mind fucking torture...no...she has no idea when I say I think you need to get something off your chest...

she started getting worried because she could see my pulse on my chest and neck. so I called her out. and she started crying and quietly freaking out because we're in a public place. 

she confesses and I catch her in more lies…so she says I don't want to know what's in there and she won't let me read it. I find out that she was talking to him about the fact that I suck in bed post pregnancy and she doesn't like having sex with me anymore. she started by talking to this guy who wanted to hook up with her from facebook from like 5 years ago when we were broken up. I never once heard his name. but I saw his cock and his facebook profile and had some very dark thoughts...

so later I find out she's telling him about her rubbing one out often...so I'm like why the fuck have you never told me about this? I would take the criticism because I want her to enjoy it...I'm a giver...this isn't just about me. I can service myself just fine.

so I feel like a total piece of shit and then this gets awesome: she has passwords on her phone and laptop...and starts grilling me about spyware and effectively undoes all the progress we made. she says I was too quick to warn her about it. She originally got the gmail account to talk to her friend considering divorcing her controlling husband. I said that only necessitated her creating one not both of you. and spyware is an easy answer for a non tech to manage. I can sniff your wifi traffic, do a forensic audit on your drive, blah blah geek shit...

she says I can go through her shit and monitor her and trap her from the outside world...mind you it's all sanitized now. weeks go by and I feel like I got a mercy fuck...so I check her phone and I see messages to her friend that she just wants to take the next step; she doesn't want to hurt me; she feels guilty when I do nice things. that she feels I'm not genuine in my efforts to try new things and I'm being fake and it's a turn off. I lose it. I told her I want a fucking divorce. 
so I basically leave with the intent of killing myself. she talks me down and I come hours later...
"
"Ok, you're all volunteers here.  I get that.  

And I'm not trying to insult any of you.

I want to help.  I want to help these other people.

And I want us to help them more effectively.  

Please consider this question:

When YOU are feeling upset about something, what feels more helpful in relieving that upset: having someone *listen* to you while you work out your issues in your own mind and speak them?  Or being told by strangers a bunch of reasons WHY you should not feel upset?   

The overwhelming majority of posts in this topic are the kind of thing you wouldn't get in a face-to-face or a telephone call, they're very collected, organized, thoughtful, but more effective engagement could be made through smaller chunks of dialogue.  A real conversation.

My worry is that there are a lot of people helping out by posting what they think a suicidal person would want to hear, without considering the possibility that a suicidal person might just want someone to listen to them.

Instead, that suicidal person is barraged by opinions, statements, commands, anecdotes (some of these are very empathic, which is good) from faceless strangers suggesting that ""No, you shouldn't"" or ""No, please don't"".  * I am worried that they came here hoping to find an ear, and instead they find a thousand mouths.*  

What I am advocating is that you can be more helpful by asking pointed questions.  Questions that guide them toward introspect.  This approach is based on a simple truth: That *no one can solve your problems but you*.  Questions that get them thinking about their situation and how maybe it's not so bad.

* What made you feel this way?
* When did this start?
* What would you like to see or do differently?
* What do you wish you could have done?
* Is there anyone you know who might share that interest?
* What do you wish they would have said about you instead?

It is more effective to ask a question that guides them to probe themselves deeper.   Get a response.  Ask another question that guides them to probe themselves deeper.  Get a response.  Repeat.  

In this way, you demonstrate that you are listening, and genuinely interested in the problem.  Not only that , but it encourages the suicidal to **find their own solution to their problem**, which is way more relevant and motivating than having someone else command you to do something.

In this way, you can help them without imposing your opinion of 'what they want to hear'.  If they want reassurance, this approach will get them to ask for it.  If they want a solution, this approach will guide them towards the exact issue they need help with.  If they just want to rant and vent, it will be made obvious by this approach.  Let them tell you what the issue is!  Sometimes our first mental draft of a problem isn't the actual issue, it's just a symptom.  Only by letting them get to the root of it can *the correct problem* be solved.

**TL;DR** Listening is better than talking.  [More](http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;q=reflective+listening)

Thanks for the comments, Reddit, and keep visiting this subreddit.

"
"Hi reddit, pretty new to posting so I'm not that familiar as to what I should be saying. This most likely won't get replies but that's okay I just want to write. I guess I've felt ""down"" for a long while, maybe since 10th grade. Never self-hurt. I'm a sophomore in college now. The high-school to college transition was brutal to me because of all the usual stuff, isolation from everything I've had and no support system. Went into counseling during my freshman year but stopped going because my counselor began to suspect I was suicidal and I couldn't have that information disclosed to my family. 

I have no idea if I have depression since I've only self-diagnosed. Probably just a cliche a melo-dramatic teen haha. Anyways I went back after my first year of college for summer vacation expecting everything to be back to normal. And it was in many ways, I hung out with old friends and did all the usual stuff. But I felt exactly like I did back in college, the same loneliness and the same emptiness. The littlest things put me in a funk for days.

Now currently in my sophomore year, I just don't feel much of anything anymore. The downs still hit me hard and the ups just, well they just make me happier anymore.  I've set a date for myself. The absolute worst thing is thinking about my family. But as selfish as it sounds shouldn't this be my decision? Whew I really just needed to write something at 2AM. Thanks for listening/reading to a teenager reddit. "
"Okay... I just want to write shit out. I'm pretty damn sure I won't kill myself, but its something I think about every day.

I'm 22, I'm about to graduate college with a CS bachelors. I had an internship last summer. I'm physically fit(I'm no god but I'm alright). I powerlift 3 times a week, I completed an 8 mile race at just above a 10minute pace two months ago. I have passions - playing and watching competitive starcraft.

I fucking hate myself, though and I'm convinced my life will be a whole fucking lot worse before it has a chance to get better.

See, theres my on and off girlfriend, who I hate and love at the same time. Shes obese, bisexual and a furry. I've caught her sleeping with, but not having sex, with another guy, on top of which a mutual friend. I can't socialize with any of my friends because of that situation. I don't trust anyone in the social circle my girlfriend is in. The result is that I have a grand total two friends in the same town I'm in.

I'm coming to the damn internet because those two friends I'm not on a close enough level to discuss this kind of stuff. And I haven't spoken to my girlfriend in 3 or 4 days now.

See like, I like to sleep with her and have sex with her, and even talk to her from time to time, but theres nothing to fuckin do with here. All I want to do in my free time is play starcraft. And go out and drink and have fun. Haloween weekend I went out to a party while she worked and I had a fuckin blast, the most alive and carefree I felt since two years ago when my close close friends from my hometown who also went to this uni we're still here. But they've graduated and since then my life has been getting shittier and shittier. 

Anyway,My girlfriend showed up to the party to drive me home, I didn't even want her there and I tried to skirt out of the conversation but damn if I'm not a pussy. I try to continue being my drunken self, and I get punched in my side. Every time I drink around here I get hit or yelled at or she gets all pissy. So I don't drink around her anymore.

Anyway this isn't /r/relationship advice and I know its a prime case of cut/gym/fb and I've already done 2/3s of that. We're not even up on fb as dating, and I lift like crazy because its the only thing that makes me feel good.

But last summer right, among tons of on/off shit with the girl, I worked an internship. 40 hours a week.

I ABOSLUTELY FUCKING HATED IT. YOU CANT LIVE ON A 40 HOUR JOB. And thats what I have to get when I graduate?! fuck man. It crushes me, keeps me up at night, makes me miserable just thinking about it. I hate it. I don't want to be a fucking drone in a cubicle. Its so depressing. I don't want to say hi and make smalltalk with the old receptionist lady who I'm afraid of because I was raped by a middle aged woman last summer. (oh yeah reddit laughed at me for that 'hurr 1night stand' that sucked. My girlfriend was the only person to listen to me and take me seriously. We had broken up at the time but her listening caused us to get back together for that iteration of the breakup/makeup cycle.) I don't want to solve problems for shit I don't care about. I don't care about any kind of programming.

Fuck man, I'm about to graduate with a degree in software engineering, and I can't program shit. I don't know if i like or dislike programming because I've barely had to do any in the last 4 years.

I don't want a god damn 40 hour job that I hate again. I can't work like that and not kill myself. up at 7, in bed by 11. Constantly behind on sleep, wanting to wake up early on weekends because those are the only 2 days you get to be awake and not in a god damn soul-crushing cubicle. Never being alive. I can do it, and keep lifting, and return to low-carb dieting this summer. I can be fucking amazing. Rich, sexy, successful. But I'll absolutely fucking hate it because none of that shit matters.

The last 3 days, my phone hasn't gone off. I've talked to a few internet friends on sc. part of what depresses me is that I have a pipe dream of becoming a progamer and competing with the best of the best in starcraft, but I'm not good enough. I'll never be good enough even if I committed to practicing. I'm 22 and about to graduate and its time to let go of my dreams.

I played drums in two garage bands in high school. I still play drums from time to time, its a fun little passion. I'm by no means technically skilled. In one of my bands, the singer and guitarist stayed together and kept the band going through high school and the last 4 years. They got married. They do shows all the time, striving to hit it big. They're hungry, they're going for it. The bastards. I wish I could go after a pipe dream.

I can't socialize. I'm afraid of girls i find attractive. My last two girlfriends, they both have lasted over a year, both obese. not like chubby, obese. I live in a very small college town where there are few people to socialize with, and I can't bare to talk to them. I'm out of every social circle now because of the god damn furries and their deception.

I'm afraid to apply to jobs. Job interviews scare the fucking shit out of me. At least when I try to socialize, I can tell myself 'its cool, theyre not actually judging you you just think they are' but in a job interview THATS EXACTLY WHAT THEY'RE FUCKING DOING. They're finding weakness and fear and helplessness. They want you to fail. They want to find your strength, abuse it, give you just enough to keep coming in at 8am in the fucking morning and giving them your time and effort and YOUR FUCKING LIFE until 5, where you have just enough waking time to get a workout in, then go home and be too tired to do anything. Then you die.


fuck man. I hate this. I hate where I'm at and I hate where I'm going. I want to die."
"Pretty much what the title says; just hoping to find someone to chat with right now. I have plenty of friends that I can usually talk to but none that are anonymous and awake right now.

Edit: Found someone to chat with; thanks for the offers though."
"I just can't stop thinking about suicide. Unless i am doing something else and even now that's  not helping. I have more or less fucked up everything yet people still hang around me i have friends but no idea why, i can't stand my family yet i love them more than anything. Yet the though of suicide and how it would effect them does not phase me. I have no idea how to get help without getting locked up in a ward  48-72hr hold i have no insurance. I have never been diagnosed with depression although i know i have it. I have had a shrink  before and it helped but i never felt like this though i have no idea where to even start. All the helpline websites suck ass and only offer these stories and psa ads saying don't do it. I just want help not some slogan.  EDIT:I THANK everyone for their kind words and simply talking about it lifted an incredible burden off of me. I will probably check back in a few hrs after i catch some zzzz and again thank you all. "
"I've realized I'm pretty much clinically depressed now. It all started when my last gf broke up with me about 9 months ago. Me and her are still close, but I haven't felt right since. I'm always up and down now. There are times when I feel amazing and productive, but lately I've been feeling down about everything. I've made some life changes that ends up me making about $700/month than when it started. I've changed jobs, moved, etc. This girl means the most to me. I'm not close with any friends or family. I have them, they're around, I just don't feel like they're close or someone I could open up to this about. I really try and not to get down, but it just happens. I'm the type of person that has always been able to fix things myself but this I realize I can't. I feel like this girl is the only person that gives a shit. Even when I'm down, even when it's because of her, I still feel that way. I've realized it's not just her either. I feel like this has been growing for a while do to family, upbringing, etc but that was the critical point. I've had nothing but failed relationships with everyone. I don't feel like opening myself up to anyone else or having anyone become close to me now. I feel like it's always just disappointment. I can't stick to a diet or exercise plan because I work odd hours and life seems too chaotic. I want to exercise, I want to have a clean house, I want to save money, but when I get down I feel like it doesn't matter. I'll sleep all day, but fast food because I don't feel like cooking, spend $20 on a game to get side tracked for a few hours, donate to a charity just to feel happy about something, stuff like that. I'm smart enough to realize what I think I have issues with, to know that my life isn't horrible and I have no reason to be sad... but I am.


I want to try something new. I'm reaching out for help. I don't know if it's a chemical imbalance, relationship issues (with anyone), or lack of support. It could be any or all of the above. At this point I'm willing to try anything to make myself happy and the people around me happy. I don't have insurance, but if I actually got the help I needed I'm sure it'd pay for itself.  It's been many years since I've been to a doctor. I've never felt I've been the type of person to need a therapist, but maybe I do. I've never taken any sort of medications but maybe I should. There's a counselor/therapist type person that comes to my job every week, but you have to make an appointment and I'm scared of anyone knowing that I'm depressed. Work is the only place that I seem to always be happy. I always do way beyond what I'm expected, always excel at everything, etc. I've thought about getting another job and just working 70+ hours a week, but that girl was unhappy with how busy I'd be. But then she doesn't want to spend time with me or talk about serious things either. I'll talk with her about it and report back. I'll keep bringing her up because we're still close and she's been both the happiest and saddest moments in my life.


I'm willing to risk anything to be happy and make everyone else be happy. I think I'd like someone to talk to, but I think I need someone professional. I goddamn know I have things to look forward to, I know not everyone is always disappointed with me and some think I'm fucking amazing. I thank you in advance for any encouragement, it does help a bit, but fuck me if I'm not depressed anyways. "
"""if you feel like that you should take to someone"". Although I don't have any friends and never had a girl friend, I have tried telling my parents that I still live with how depressed I am. I usually get a 'I'm sick of hearing how depressed you are' response. Tried the doctor, pills A, B, C with no success. I have tried lots of alcohol with much higher than safe doses of some other drug while on purposely stopping short of lethal dose. Later found out this is known as [parasuicide](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parasuicide). I guess at this point you are probably thinking about what good trolling I'm up too. Not surprising if so as I have overheard girls that I planned to ask out say ""who's that weirdo?"" before getting a chance to initiate conversation. I am loosing my patience with this cruel world at an ever increasing rate and so desperate to depart. I lost my fear of death a long time ago with only a slight concern for causing an irreversible change. I am ready to pay the ultimate price in great desperation to end this pain that is destroying me in my mind."
"I've been feeling miserable and suicidal for about 7-8 years now. Tried overdosing once, but it didn't work and I just felt like shit for days.

Recently got a girlfriend, and then broke up a few months into the relationship. Now the thoughts seem to be stronger, and I find myself putting myself in dangerous situations in the hope that ill die; blameless. I also seem to be contemplating suicide 3 - 4 times a day, usually when I wake up, or go to bed.

I seem to have lost all interest in my university course, as well as my guitar. I have also had a loss of appetite, although in an attempt of keeping myself from thinking too much, I spend most evenings in the gym listening to heavy metal.

I havent told anyone of my thoughts before... and im probably robbing others of advice. Just thought I'd post my thoughts in an attempt to make myself feel better."
"I was just wondering what are the motives/reasons the redditors that volunteer help in this subreddit have to do so. I believe it is noble of you to offer your help and support, but at the same time am curious why. I would like to hear your opinions on suicide and what drives you to answering your fellow redditor's SW posts."
"[Original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dzkw8/im_all_alone_now_why_continue/)

Well, I'm not getting any better, quite the contrary. It has now being two weeks since I had to euthanize my cat, who basically was my only friend and I keep crying. The original thread is now yesterday's news. And while some people offred to help if I needed to talk (thanks), I know they have their own life and I really don't know what to say. Others suggested that I adopt another cat but, I don't think this would work. I don't see this ending well. I'm not even sure why I'm writing this."
[removed]
"My shoulders and upper arms are a mass of red. I'm just so tired. All the time. Fuck. I don't even know what I'm doing posting this right now. It's 2 AM and I haven't even started studying for the chem test tomorrow, which I need to ace to get the grades to convince my dad that it's worth it to send me to college...away from him. Away from everything. And I have to think of props to take for the yearbook committee. Which I know I will forget. And I have to slog through another day of school, and pretend everything is fine, which it is, except I'm not. I just feel like I'm falling apart sometimes. And then I feel guilty for being such a shitty human being. I don't...I can't lose myself in books the way I used to. I can't write, unless it's about death and love and loss. There's so much I have to do, and I can't...but of course I can. Because I'm a genius. I'm the responsible one. I can handle it. I can do anything. Except I don't want to. I just want to sleep. And not wake up again. 

Again, I don't know why I'm posting. I've written way more than  I should have, but there's so much more...but I have to hit the books. Chemistry. And I'm so sick of crying. I'm such a weak human being. I don't why I have to cry at every little thing now. It just takes one offhand remark to set me off, while I'm alone. And then my parents see me and they call it a tantrum. Which maybe it is, I don't know. I just know how I tired I am.

Sorry for the rambling and incoherency..."
"I'm posting here because I really don't want to end up back in the hospital a 4th time. I'm having issues coping with being alone. I read the forums for a ton of websites. I frequently lurk all over the internet and dispite all the conversations taking place and all the people I see, I have never posted.

I feel like I don't know how to talk to anybody on the internet and I don't know how to make new friends. On some occasions I've met a girl and hit it off with her, but it fails because of the same reasons... I push people away and I have an inability to become friends with her friends. I don't know how to talk to someone without freezing up. It makes getting a job terrible.

I've been to psychiatrists a lot in my life and I've worked out a lot of the issues I have but it never helped my issues with motivation and my ability to talk to others. It's actually so bad that I haven't already ended it solely because I can't get up the nerve to ask someone for help with jumping my car battery so I can drive it to a safe location.

I lost most of the friends I made in high school and the very few I still talk to on occasion are all in different cities away from me. I just don't know what to do. I can't up and move because I don't have the money for it. I have such bad work history that it's really hard to get interviews now. I have no skills and I have no idea what I want to do with my life. I know it's pointless to think about, but there are countless things I wish I could take back.

how do I talk to people and make friends? Everybody I meet just thinks I'm weird. I'm not good looking, I'm not witty, I'm just a gamer/anime nerd. I've always been polite and nice and I'm really accepting I just... never hit it off with anybody

i don't want to inconvience anybody so im worried that if i just go through with my plan without moving my car then i'll hurt someone innocent but this isnt about that i just

i just want help

i wanted to start programming but i dont know where to start i used to have dreams of designing videogames and i look at things like minecraft and wish that i could just make a living doing what i enjoy like him (I bet a lot of people wish that but can't, now that i think about it)

I can't focus my thoughts so I'll stop here. Its easier to type this because i'm desperate and this is a throwaway account."
"I can't explain this.. I know it sounds ridiculously random. I'm not a creep or anything.. I've been dealing with the grief of my ex that committed suicide a decade ago when I was 15.. it'd be really nice to talk to someone, on the phone, that would just let me vent to them. I have guy friends that I talk to about it but no one that is a girl that could understand.. I'll send you my phone number.. I'm really on edge right now.. "
"I'm uncertain why I should continue living. Even though I'm lucky in so many repects I still get thrown into depression without any apparent trigger. Eventually this will pass and I'll wonder how I could feel so unjustifiably negative, but inevitably I'll fall right back into my current state. My future doesn't seem great either. The only topic I want to continue studying is philosophy, but how can I expect any future in it when even graduates from the best philosophy schools in the world have difficulty finding a job? There's no way I can survive academia, yet that's the only feasible position. And why on earth do I feel so alone even though I have friends? It seems like I'll get caught in an unsatisfying job unrelated to my interests, never find someone I connect with or can stay up late having deep discussion with, have bouts of depression, and then die."
"Last time I was feeling afraid for my life, I called a suicide hotline. The lady on the other end answered ""Suicide Hotline"", and then didn't initiate conversation. After a second she said, ""Um, did you call about something?"" to which I got really nervous and hung up.

I ended up inviting my sister over just so that someone would be there with me, but I didn't tell her what was going on.

It's really difficult to know what to say, especially if you've never told anyone your problem before. I'd like to be able to use the hotline resource next time I'm afraid I might kill myself, but I need advice on how to start the conversation so I don't just hang up."
[removed]
"My world came crashing down yesterday. I was thrown away by the person I love, and any attempt to reconcile is shot down by his family. I hate being that typical case... I know I could have it much worse. It may not make sense without me going into detail, but in all this, I lost my love, I lost my friends, and I even lost my job of 5 years. They're asking me to move to another state with family. Telling me it can be a ""fresh start"" for me... I never asked for a fresh start, I don't want a fresh start 

=( 

I want to escape this constant chest pain. I want to be dead. But I'm terrified of pain. I've destroyed Google, searching for ways to get my hands on a cyanide pill, but it just isn't going to happen. I'm lost... and I can't just wait this out... this pain prevents me from waiting =(


EDIT: just spent an hour talking to one of you redditors that browse /r/SuicideWatch just to help people like me... things aren't great, a perfect life was thrown down the shitter in an instant, but I'm not gonna give up... even lacking the dignity I had just two days ago, I'll make it. who cares if I hate myself for letting this happen, someone's gonna love me. "
"Hey, first post on reddit, sorry if I screw anything up.  I'm 26 years old and feel like I've lost everything.  Four months ago I lost my job (which I had been at for 5 years), had no income and moved back in with my parents.  Within a month of being there my recovering alcoholic father relapsed and my family was close to splitting up.  I helped my mom load up a car to move out.  My father has been suicidal before so we struggled with how not to enable him but at the same time keep him safe.  I got approved for unemployment and moved out.  A month ago to the day, my girlfriend of 7 years broke up with me.  She's the only serious relationship I've ever had.  She is tired of her life where we live and wanted to move.  She was going to live with a (male) friend across the country, got half way there, turned around.  She told me on the way back she still doesn't want to date me, she just wants to try life on her own.  I don't =(.  For years I've had idle thoughts of suicide but about 2 weeks ago was the worst.  I had seen my ex just to catch up with how we were coping (I'm pathetic?) and was frustrated.  I remember screaming at the top of my lungs and crying on the way back, and just being in a absolute panic.  I called a suicide hotline.  I went in to speak to a crisis nurse at a local hospital and now have an appointment in like a month for a hour therapy session and another appointment the day before to see about medication.  I feel like a complete failure.  I'm 26 years old, have nothing to show for myself.  I didn't really even like my life 6 months ago, and I have lost nearly anything that was good in it from that point.  I've lost my job, most of my connection with my family, and the girl I still love.  

Mornings are the worst.  Basically its when reality sinks back in and I realize I'm alone.  Really all that is helping me pull through right now is that it seems irrational to give up before trying therapy, but every day is really a struggle.  
Advice?  "
"I posted something [similar](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/e2s0j/some_css_magic_to_better_indicate_the_motivating/) at r/depression, but modified it here to suit SW better. 

The motivation for this is that we don't want to overwhelm the people coming here looking for help with the negativity of other sufferers. As someone recovering from depression, I have to admit that there have been quite a few times when I've come to this subreddit for solace, only to have my negative thinking reaffirmed by others in depression, and have ended up worse than before.

The idea that came to my mind to avoid this is: Dim out the negative posts by default (implicitly assuming a person is here asking for help) and ""undim"" them after we check something like ""I'm a volunteer, no problem for me"". What do you think about it? Any suggestions for improvements?

The folks at r/Android are doing all sorts of magic with CSS and getting input from users about carriers, etc., so a simple volunteers/others checkbox shouldn't be a problem I hope.

We could also have a tag for marking positive resources, and color them distinctly as suggested in the r/depression post. I didn't make that the point of emphasis here, since SW seems to be mostly about people requesting and getting personal help rather than posting such resources. Edit: To clarify, I completely realize the value in that too, the last sentence was only to mark the distinction, not to compare or judge the subreddits. 
"
"I think I'm doing pretty well for myself right?

My grades are good, an A student, I'm not too bad looking, and I can socialize decently.

But why do I feel like killing myself every time I leave school?

I hate my life so much. The only things I can be proud about are my grades and my gaming skills. My friends don't really know me, and I don't really talk to anyone. No one knows the way I feel, no one knows my hopes, my dreams, my ambitions.

I'm feeling angry now
I sure as fuck don't want to talk about this to my parents. They're not that bad I think, regular old Filipino parents. We do well by ourselves, have a decent computer, internet, cable, eat every day three times. But i fucking hate them so much. That fucking sperm donor who calls himself a father isnt fucking one. In second grade i teased my sister with friends, a shitty move, but I dont think I deserved to get thrashed the way I did?

Maybe I did, but i was only a fucking kid i didnt fucking deserve that kind of beating. 
(wasn't even that bad though right? not even a black eye or any bruises)
I can barely type, I want o cry and hit someone at the same time.

When I was in fourth grade my father thrashed me again for getting an 88 on a social studies test, called me failure and a disappointment, when I called him not my dad he hit me again and in the morning made me feel like it was my fault. Could have been, i should have studied harder instead of playing my new PS2, ratchet and clank is always fun.

But it wasnt that bad he didn't hit me too hard.

In 6th grade or 7th grade i didnt want to do my kumon and he almost strangled me because I said no, I'm not going to do it.

He doesnt do it really that much anymore, just screams at me a lot, says everything that breaks or goes wrong is my fault.

Its always my fault in my family, when something breaks or whatever. My mother calls me a liar when I say I'll be finished by 11:30 but I ends up doing it late. She screams at me, treats me like a delinquent for doing shit that would make any mother just shake her head.

I'm so fucking pathetic, its not even that bad. Maybe I should just sstep in front of a subway train.

I don't want to though, someplace inside me doesnt want to. but it'd be so easy and I wouldn't be such a bother anymore.

Or maybe im a fucking drama queen.

I feel like I'm blowing things out of proportion and just overreacting.
EDIT:

Now that I've calmed down a bit, I can expand hopefully. I'm 15, a junior. My family lives in an ok apartment building, small mouse infestation but nothing too bad. I can actually emphasize with my parents a bit. They grew up in the Phillippines, in poor conditions, so maybe its just the way they're used to acting. My parents are under a lot of stress too, high bills and all, plus the fact that my father can't really do anything, because of personal pride and age.

He was a lawyer in the Phillippines, but couldn't become one here- held a job in a corporate place for a bit, but left before he was laid off. Since then he's been unemployed, acting as a stay at home dad while still keeping up the appearances of a ""retired attorney"". It must be a lot of shame and stress that hes feeling.

I know that this doesn't excuse their actions. The misspellings, grammar mistakes- its like that 2nd grader is finally speaking. I've held this anger for a long time, more than half my life, and I want to let it go. I can't change my parents- I need them, not ready to break away just yet. But the instant I'm leaving the house, thats it. No more contact.

Until then, I need just a bit of strength reddit. Just a little to get me by."
"I began a counseling regimen a couple weeks ago. At that point, I wasn't having suicidal thoughts. These days, however, I've been having them nonstop. I've read that if I confess this, they might have to put take me to ""emergency care"" against my will. What does that even mean? Is this true? I don't really want to be taken against my will for anything. I just want to get out of this rut."
"After committing my most recent suicide attempt, which is actually a parasuicide, I've realized that I am most likely going to kill myself in the near future. I've written a few suicide notes in the past. All of them are shit. All of them seem to center around some bad experience with my father, when they really should be based on a lifetime of being my father's puppet. A plaything for his sadistic impulses. 

I will never gain closure by being told an honest answer as to why my father has and continues to treat me this way. It's not some specific event, like being rejected from Stanford like he used to claim, but seems to continue regardless of my success and failures. And even if killing myself shocks him enough to explain his behavior, I won't be around to see it, will I?

I give up. For one of the first times in my life, I quit. I'm tired. I'm bored. No matter what meds I'm on, a 1 minute conversation with my father can shatter my world enough to force me to curl up like a little bitch on my air bed and cry my eyes out. I am his bitch. 

At first, I wondered why he had spent a relatively large amount of money on someone he treats like shit. Then I realized that he wants to torture me with my aspirations and dreams. He wants me to fail and blame it on myself, when he had created these situations for me in the first place. It's painful, and will probably continue for decades. 

Thinking rationally, on the off-chance that I do succeed financially and recover mentally, I will only be happy for a relatively small amount of time. My college experience is ruined, not that I mind. My 20s and 30s would probably be spent in denial desperate for nouveau riche wealth. And in my 40s I'll be too old to attain the young girls I would have my heart broken by. I'll end up porking some trophy-wife reject cougar. And of course, this is assuming I succeed. 

Unfortunately, my father has me by the balls financially. I'm too terrified of telling him to fuck off and doing it on my own. It seems easier to put up with being his bitch.
Given the pain needed to attain this success, it's just not worth it. It makes sense from an economical standpoint to cut my losses (see what I did there?) and let my life go.

When I was younger, I often thought that my life repeated itself. I realized that I had felt all there is to feel, at least in my life, and that these feelings will merely repeat themselves. Heartache, mania, desperation, hopelessness. All truckloads of neurological chemicals waiting to be tipped onto my grey matter by situational unrest. I've realized that my view of the world and myself is entirely relative. Fat people can be just as happy as skinny people. There's really no point in listing my situation and trying to gauge my pain objectively, but it's my fucking suicide note so let's have a bit of fun.

1) I am not a very beautiful man. About an 8, assuming I maximize my appearance. 	More realistically a 6.5. I have a massive overbite and upper snaggletooth because Daddy 	lied to me about getting me braces. I have acne, and can't afford a mani/pedi anymore.

2) I am a pathological liar. I never made any money on the App Store. I never even 	finished my app. I have a fake LV wallet that's falling apart, I went broke buying my 16 	GB iPhone 4, and never drove an M3 or Gallardo. I don't even have enough clothes to 	wear.

3) I am weak, cry a lot, and hate myself. I fall for women hard, and become an obsessive 	stalker. Oh, I also have a small penis. 

Despite the above personal failures, I am still incredibly vain. I'm stuck in the denial stage where I think a girl would like me for who I am as long as I lie enough. And still like me after I take my sunglasses off. And maybe my shirt.

I am weak and too tired to finish this. Tomorrow is a new day. Let's get a decent note first.
"
"hey reddit... i'm not sure what i'm looking for here.

This is probably going to be fairly long. I'll just start to the point to keep it quick - I'm an 18 year old guy who was abused in a boarding school by one of my class mates for around a year when I was 14/15. The guy who fucked me up, who I'll call John, was new to the school and didn't exactly have many friends, and I shared the same name as him so I thought I'd be a nice guy and look out for him, hang out with him, and just generally be a good friend. It started out fine, he seemed cool and we got to be pretty close friends. That's when I shared with him some stuff about my parents, they'd been fighting about some stuff and not really getting along. A couple of days later, in conversation with a group, I tease him about missing a shot in basketball and he looks me dead in the eyes and says, coldly, ""at least I have a good relationship with my parents"". I didn't really know what to do, we were in a group and nobody else knew what he was talking about so I laughed it off.

But it got worse. In our conversation, he began to blame me for the fighting of my parents, convincing me it was my fault. I can't really explain to you why I listened, I'm generally a pretty smart kid, but I did. Over time, he began to blame me for things that had gone wrong in his life. I ""didn't deserve"" my grades because I ""didn't work as hard"" as him, I didn't deserve the friends I had, and I was a ""selfish and egocentric"" person.

That's where the slippery slope started, and at his request I began to purposely go worse in my assessment tasks and do whatever he asked me to stop being ""selfish"". This led to self harm at his instruction, and eventually he'd be as blatant as crushing a pencil sharpened with his chair in math and putting the blade in my pocket whilst nodding at me. Finally, he asked our boarding coordinator if I could be moved to the bed area beside his bed. He'd come over at night, and for want of a better word, ""supervise"" me whilst I harmed myself. Eventually he just took over and did it himself to my back as I lay there. After I attempted suicide when he sent me instructions via email in the holidays, he left the school and the country to go back to live with his parents... I never told anyone.

Now my life is dominated by a fear of sleep, a fear of guilt, and a fear of this person that's become some disembodied entity that I can't get away from. My dreams are terrible... I dream that my friends yell at me and abuse me for things that I'm supposedly guilty of, and then they begin to torture me like something out of Saw. They always turn into this guy by the end of it. I also have dreams where he comes back to the city I live in (his plan was always to go to uni here) and this sense of overwhelming guilt of being a terrible person makes me go back to him and let him start again, with him just resuming like a disappointed parent whose kid didn't keep up the exercises they taught him.

The point is, and I'm sorry this is so long, I'm now addicted to abuse, and when I can't get someone else to hurt me either physically or mentally, I do it to myself with a range of self destructive behaviour. It's ruined a heap of my relationships.. an example is a gay kid who I became friends with at another school. He really liked me, and I thought that meant that he'd agree to beat me up to help me feel better. He wouldn't do it, so I let him make out with me because I knew he knew I didn't want to do it, which qualified as mental/emotional abuse in my mind.  I need to stop finding ways for people close to me to hurt me... they're mostly all guys as well, and I'm acting unbelievably selfishly. The only way to stop these feelings is to just go to sleep, but peacefully, and.. for want of a better euphemism, for ever. I already have a plan for how to make sure the few people who know don't feel responsible, I just need the encouragement to stay strong in my plan and not give into telling them what I'm going to do... because deep down even though I want it I think I'm still scared. 

TLDR; was abused in my teenage years and now I'm addicted to the same destructive behaviour that screwed me up so badly in the first place. This is my only outlet."
"My entire life has been nothing but an on going fabrication of what I always thought people were supposed to be. I've never been able to empathize or even hold much genuine concern for others and their troubles. I do my best to pretend to because I know I should be able, and because I know they would do the same.  I've never cared about my future or what i wanted to do with my life, simply because I never felt I'd get that far in life.  I'm 21 and majoring in ChemE, my grades are average, but only because I can't bring myself to care about what happens.  Recently my girlfriend broke up with me. Her reasons were that I kept distancing myself from the people who care about me, and I just lost track of anything that mattered in life. Honestly, She's right, and I really can't feel bad about it. I love her to death, i do, but the last thing i'd want for her is to date a guy that doesn't make her feel loved 24/7. I feel like it'd be better for her, my parents, and everyone around me if I they didn't have a black hole of emotion to deal width day to day. I'm not depressed, I just can't bring myself to care about anything anymore. I've dealt with this my whole life and have simply adjusted, but now it seems, my lack of ambition and general concern is affecting those around me and the one thing that does matter to me is that my unfortunate disposition not bring down anyone near me.  Honestly, I'm not looking to lash out against anyone, or make a show of this. If I could remove any trace of my existence and keep anyone from being affected by my life, that would be ideal. "
I am either gonna off myself and leave a note makeing sure that he knows this is his fault or I'm gonna hit him with a shovel.
"http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/e36oo/help_me_and_answer/

I don't want karma. I won't respond to comments here. I'm just thinking a few of you might have better advice than I can give."
"He's really depressed since he broke up with his girlfriend and other things have been happening in his life which he hasn't been specific about.  He's saying he wants to try heroin and hinting at suicide.  How can I help him?

EDIT: Please don't downvote, I really want to help the guy!"
"I'm not the kind of guy to be looking for trouble, but sometimes, trouble find you anyway and in my case, it took me by the throat. My best friend is homosexual, depressive because of it and under medications. He already spent time in a mental institution this September for having suicidal thoughts and made a suicide attempt a few weeks ago. I'm the one who called police in time (he only suffered minor injuries) and I will always remember what he told me on the stretcher : ""Sorry dude, the blade wasn't long enough, the cuts weren't deep enough, I won't fail next time, but I told you I'd call you."" He is now seeing a psychologist.

Fast foward to a few days ago when he confirmed what I feared: he is in love with me. Me being totaly straight all I can do is to support him. I'm pretty much the only one bearing the weight of his mental illness and it's pretty fucking exhausting, his familly is a joke and friends other than me are too distants. He recently told me after a few beers that he plans to reattempt suicide in the next two weeks and he lives next to a train track, he will not fail this time. But fuck, I cannot always be there 24/7, what can I do to stop him? I have is psychologist number but he told me not to call her: ""It would be too awkward"", like it wasn't enough already. What should I do?"
"Because I can't find a job. I have a week, and nobody to really turn to. No money. Chances are, I could end up on the street. Now is the time that I really wish I had the guts. If I were gone, then I wouldn't have to worry about moving anywhere. "
"If there's anything I can say to help anyone who's considering suicide let it be this.  I cannot express the emotions, fear, guilt, sadness and so many others I feel right now.  Losing someone close to you this way is unimaginable, please please please if you feel like you might take your life, don't.  Please contact someone, a friend, a relative or one of the many resources available to anyone in need.   If you ever need someone to talk with PM me and I will be more than happy to help you in any way I know possible."
"I have less than $200 to my name, soon no food, soon no shelter.

I am displeased with where I am in several respects.

I hate to cry for help, but as a hard determinist it is not a matter of choice."
"In a haze of anxiety, I just convinced myself things would be so much easier if I died. It was over really petty things that made me hit the tipping point. I am sick with a terrible cold and I wanted to do so many things but I couldn't and I was just tired of my failure in life. I had just fought over this little girl online that was infatuated with me. I told her I only wanted to be her friend and she broke down and blocked me from facebook. That made me very upset because I didn't want to hurt her. One girl I am practically obsessed with is ignoring me and it hurts because I put so much thought into her. You know, very petty things and they mixed with my anxiety and yeah...

With adrenaline pumping through my veins, I discretely cut a quilt into strips and braided it into a rope. I threaded a spare hook into my ceiling. Created the knots and found a chair. I was going to kill myself this way as painful as it might of been. I was ready to kick the chair and get it over with. I convinced myself at the last moment in anguish that I wasn't going to hurt my family and the people I knew. My memory would only be in vain. I still have very little reason to live right now nor any reason to die. How do I help myself? What do I do? How do I tell my family?

I don't know. Naturally I just want attention. I just want someone to speak with. I'm unhappy, to say the least. I don't feel what I went through was justified. My life is excellent. Everything is great. I just don't want to go through life because I expect so much of myself. I don't want to be a parasite. "
"I've been seeing doctors for the past few months. I'm fine. All of my tests come back normal. I have yet another appointment with another doctor next week. 

I don't want to be done. I have an amazing family, this would hurt them. This is why I've held out for so long - at this point, I feel like it's reasonable to end things. I love my family, but I love myself too. 

I can't remember the last day I didn't feel like I was being stabbed in my stomach..? stomachish area? Which is exactly how I've planned it. This morning is the first time I had to leave my kitchen. I keep telling myself to wait and see what this doctor has to offer, but I can't stop thinking about my exit plan. I don't want to be inappropriately gross, so I'll leave it out. It's as responsible as something like this can be, down to extra cleaning supplies so everything can be quickly cleaned up.

I have small children and an amazing husband. I thought I loved them more than anything, but I won't live like this for them anymore. I'm constantly throwing up/dry heaving. I've lost a ton of weight. My hair is falling out. I can't stop shaking. I rarely sleep. I can't cover these things up anymore. I'm tired. 

I've rationalized absolutely all of this. It's logical. Right? I would bring this up with my friends, but I'm pretty sure I'd end up being committed. This feels like hell on earth. I don't want my plan to be forcibly stopped, yet I'd truly appreciate thoughts? ideas? something?
Thanks"
"I'm following through with my suicide tonight. I came here one last time to read I suppose to get some comfort in the stories of others. I have so much in common with some recent posts by 'Cursed123', 'unnontrollless', 'K-Bar', and 'SeriousAboutSuicide'. 

I was going to say that I've delayed my suicide for the last 2 weeks but in reality I've delayed it for YEARS. I'm 28 years old. I'm a fighter, I've kept fighting through depression and failure dozens of times over. i don't want to go into my sob story. I just want to say that sometimes, the choice is made for you. I do not feel that I am choosing suicide, it was just inevitable. And the fight all these years was only to delay an eventual outcome. Things have happened that make this very clear and true (at least true to my personal situation). 

We go through life, holding onto this little ray of hope. Even as that pinprick of light gets smaller &amp; smaller over the years. I could delay this for another 20 years, sure. I can think of a few instances where maybe I had a good impact on someone's life. But my phone isn't ringing (except bill collectors) and it will potentially be weeks before my body is found in my apartment. I used to have that fire in my belly even when shit hit the fan. When the fire goes out, it goes out. I'm just done.

There's nothing easy about doing this. Suicide is the least cowardly thing in the world. People think it is more brave to ""face life"" but I don't see a difference. Facing one or the other is just as terrifying. It would take YEARS for me to dig out of this, to rebuild my life and have something to show for it. It would also take help and patience of someone willing to......well to help me but I don't have anyone. That's the reality. I'm not strong enough to face homelessness, I commend those who are. I do like living, but I cannot live as a slave to money, I am not cutthroat and vile enough for the working world, I say what's on my mind and try to do the right thing and I lose jobs over it constantly. I like myself (mostly), I'm a nice person. But I'm a no bullshit person too. But I'm not ""pretty"" enough to get away with being myself. Superficial qualities in this society afford a person the right to say and do whatever they please without consequences while those of us who are more....homely.....must always be accountable for how dare we be ""unpleasant."" 

Sorry for the off-tangent rant there. 

My point is that I've done a lot to make others happy, to make myself happy, and to try and fit into a society that simply doesn't want me nor what I have to contribute. I'm grateful for the strides in self-discovery I've made in the last few years. And I admit that so much of that discovery has been made as I struggled. I'd love to continue to find myself but one cannot do that while working at dead-end jobs among hostile peers taxing every bit of your energy that you have none left for yourself except to eat, drink, and sleep. What's sadder is to be thankful for your dead-end jobs only to end up with NOTHING to show for it.

Oh well. "
"I just don't understand. 

For myself, there are no real situational causes. If anything, my life is better than it ever has been. I have a good family, a good husband, great children... finances are fine. Not much in the way of friends but I really think that's due to the depression and not the other way around. Over the past 5-6 years my life situation has steadily improved and yet each year feels more and more empty and pointless.

Why is that? Why does it seem to be the same for SO many people? What are we doing wrong in order to have a world full of people who are so unhappy?

Maybe I shouldn't be posting in SW... I have no plans to actually commit suicide, as I have little kids and do hold on to the hope that someday I can enjoy waking up and seeing them. I just wish, I guess, that I could go to sleep and skip again until that day. I'm so, SO tired. Physically, mentally, of everything. I just want to be done."
"**Because I enjoy it so much, I promise to update regularly with my conversations with my friend, to keep everyone in the loop.**

Hi everybody,

Anonymous account since i'm sure my friends follow my real account.

Backstory: Girl and I dated for two and-a-half years. We broke up a 18 months ago (before summer of 2009). We both worked in different jobs in different states, she met someone new (now her fiance), and I too, met someone new. Her and I have remained very close friends, she brought a lot out of me, and I did the same to her. We both come back from the summer, graduate school, and part ways again due to work (beginning of summer 2010). She got a one-year contract, I was only working for the summer, so I came back in August. 

She uprooted from home, moved to the new town with her fiance, and struggled to make a new life. Her new job turned out to be a nightmare, her being very over-worked and under-paid. Her employers treated her like dirt, but she didn't want to quit because it was her ""first real job"" and didn't want to let people think she was a failure. 

After about six months, she finally bit the bullet and quit her job. Unfortunately, she's still stuck in a city she hates, an apartment with a lease that she can't afford to break, and no job. She's home for the next two weeks to catch up, get drunk, and feel better about her life. 

Except when she brought me outside for a smoke, and told me she's attempted to take her own life, several times, due to the depression. She thinks she's a failure, that her entire college career is worthless because she failed at her first ""real job"". She's completely burned out in regards to her career path, which makes her feel even more worthless; the one thing she's been working towards and she doesn't want it anymore. 

I've tried to explain to her that failure is part of life, that one failure does not mean you're completely through. I want to tell her to come back home, because there's plenty of work here (her and I are in the same industry), but her fiance now has good work out-of-town, and doesn't want to abandon him.

Even though any romantic feelings have long since gone, I still care for her, and I want her to be healthy, but I'm not sure how to rationalize with her, and make her see that there's plenty to live for."
"My freshman and sophomore years in college were the worst.  There were several nights when I did consider suicide, which is why I am posting here.  (1984 was a very very bad year -- Orwell had it right for me, at least.)  I am not writing in the sense of giving advice.  First I am not a professional, other than by dent of dealing with depression day after day.  Second, depression differs from person to person.  I have a friend whose depression leads to anxiety -- such that he cannot sit through a movie without feeling pressure to worry about the future.  My issue is the opposite: I go numb: distant from everything; cut off from any sense of shared experience with anyone.  Crushing isolation.  And always the same hammering question: Why bother?  Why bother with any of it?

So why write at all?  Because sometimes just knowing someone has shared experiences can help.  It has helped me a lot.  ANd I fully understand that my coping mechanisms may not work for you.  But they might lead to something that offers a glimmer of light.

For me, realizing several toxic patterns of thought helped me to curtail them.  Each of these eventually leads to ""Why bother"" and the dark conclusions there.  When I start down any of these roads, I do whatever it takes to derail my thinking.  More and that below.

My private list of poisonous things others tell us and even worse things we tell ourselves:

1:  ""I would be happier if only..."" If only what?  I was rich?  I had a girl?  I had close friends?  It doesn't work that way.  I found a great woman and married her.  My depression had a choking answer, one I should have seen coming:  ""Well, I have a great wife, and I am still depressed.  I must really be a loser.""  Grasping for external means to cure depression never has worked for me.  It may not work for you either.  Stop the ""Only if..."" thinking.  It is a never-ending treadmill.

2: ""I need to be happy.""  Not true, especially if you (like me) are introverted.  Introverted people hate being pressured to be happy.  It depresses us.  Great.  What most of us want is inner peace.  Happiness happens on its own; it cannot be captured by sheer will power.  Let the pressure go.  I suspect we have enough to deal with without it.

3: ""The future is hopeless... ""  ""Look at all the mistakes from the past...""  Never play time traveler.  It's another game where the house always wins.  The future is unknown and the past is gone.  Live here and now.  What I am doing right now?  What's happening around me?  Is it raining outside?  Am I hungry?  Do those french fries smell good?  Is that woman cute?  Is that man handsome?  When you start time traveling, put the breaks on the TARDIS.  There is nothing there that your depression can't reach before you open the door.

4:  ""You need to get out!  Go to a bar!  Go dancing!""  Maybe.  Probably not though.  Not if you are introverted.  This well-meaning advice can cut like knives.  Be cautious.

5:  ""You need to get over it.""  I am sitting here loaded to the gills on hydromorphine, fighting off 5 kidney stones and the knowledge that polycystic kidney disease is turning my innards into oatmeal.  Odd how no one ever tells me to get over it.  You do not ""get over"" chronic conditions.  When people say this about depression, my answer is always, ""I'm trying, baby, I'm trying.""  Then I let it go.

What has helped deal with these bad lines of thought:

1:  The one thing all of the thought patterns above have in common is that they are directed inside: they are aimed directly at sufferer.  ""I don't... I can't... I feel... I need to...""  It's being kicked to the curb when you are at your lowest.  Take a deep breath.  Then get out of your skull.  It can be a very dangerous neighborhood when you are alone.  ""I can't.."" No.  ""That cat is pretty.""  ""The wind is really blowing.""  ""What was Thomas Jefferson thinking when argued with John Adams?""  ""What would it take to fix that window?""  Get out of your skull.  You are on the Titanic.  What could you do to save more people than they did?  Would Iron Man defeat Spider Man if they fought?

2:  Do something.  No, don't go rushing to the nearest hot spot, but do something.  Move.  Walk.  Study astronomy.  Take up cooking.  None of this takes a ton of money.  It takes discipline to free yourself from your mind, but I believe in my heart that people have this power.  Better still, these things can change the future we are so often worrying about.  Dreaded questions become (by the smallest of degrees at first) easier to handle:  ""Hey.  Long time no see.  Whatcha up too?""  ""I am learning how to cook.  Not very good at it yet, but finding my way.""  ""Cool.  What are you making these days?""  A conversation.  Such a small thing, easily overlooked.  But small things add up.

3:  Stop trying to capture happiness and instead let it happen.  You don't even have to know it at first.  ""The sun feels good on my back.""  That's all.  No pressure.  No unrealistic expectations of a miracle end to depression.  Small things.  Tiny steps.

I am not going to tell you any of this conquered my depression.  It would be a lie, and it would go against everything I have written above.  There are times when depression still presses in choking tight.  But its grip no longer has the power to kill.  I am not suggesting that joy is around the corner.  I am merely looking out the window.  The first snow of winter is coming down.  It's pretty.  It's okay to live.  One tiny step at a time."
"Can somebody please just talk to me. Thanks.
What the heck is wrong with the people? I can't even thinkf of it right now."
"You might sometimes look around you and feel like we live in a world of hate, pain, and emptiness. A world of disappointment and exhaustion and despair. Nothing is okay. Things can never be right. 

But what is right? How do you know that this is what's right? Would there be a right if there was no wrong? Would you feel hate if you knew nothing of love? 

If you were never shown any love, then hate would be the default and you wouldn't even know it. There would be nothing unusual or disturbing about it if it's all you've ever know. If you haven't known love, you wouldn't feel hate. 

So there is love, you just need to have it to be able to see it. There is happiness, if you just really believe in it to feel it. There is peace and there is comfort. It's a beautiful world. Because life is beautiful. It's beautiful when the clouds move across the sun and you see the sun rays come and go back again. It's beautiful when the summer smell comes and you feel it when you have just woken up. It's beautiful when you step over uncut ice when the snow has unexpectedly fallen. Life is beautiful, and hope lives in all existence no matter how many people are blind to it, no matter how many people deny it or even hate it. Even if you've spent years hating it, it's still there. Hope lives unconditionally in all existence. There will be true companionship and lovely laughter. There will be fresh excitement and peaceful content. And it's all beautiful. And it's all worth it. It will come, so don't run, don't be scared and don't reject it. "
"Ever since I was 5 I've been having dark daydreams about awful things happening to me. Murder, inflammation, getting knifed in the street, kidnappings, etc... I don't actually want to kill myself. I'm interested in seeing what the next few years have in store. You could say I'm even a bit excited. I just got my first girlfriend, who's very sensitive and listens even when I babble on like a total fuckwit. I just moved out of my parent's house and I have a dog of my own that I rescued.

I don't feel like I'm worthy of this life. My self-destructive thoughts make me sick, knowing how well-off I am. The oddest things will set me off, and I won't be able to get it out of my head. A common catalyst are the awkward social situations. I have friends who tell me how great of a person I am and how much fun they think I am, but I never understand what they're referring to. They get upset when I don't call them, because I'm too anxious to hang out with them. 

I dream of the day I retire so I can leave everything I own and become one with the natural process. In some Indian Tribes it's considered the highest merit of honor. I wish I could just leave my body to the earth.

I don't see what's selfish about wanting to kill one's self. I understand that I would be missed, but it feels so intense some days I'll have emotional meltdowns and just freak the fuck out, breaking shit, punching everything in sight. I mostly do this to hurt myself, but the release is nice. It lets me come to terms with the fact that I am actually having a panic attack, and it keeps me grounded. But I'm not really sure how else to express it.

This all reminds me actually of a time when I was in second grade, and I would chase all of the kids away after school with cinder block pieces, just because I was so upset. One time a teacher that I really liked had an idea to hold one of the kids down for me, knowing that I wouldn't actually go through with it, that guilt would quickly overwhelm me. He was right. I turned around and chased after another kid out of sheer rage, but they now understood my secrets. After a while I just grew out of it, never looking back. Instead I turned to self-harm.

I feel that life isn't worth living, but not in a way that I would end it all. I feel like one day though, this growing fascination with death will eventually catch up to me.

TL;DR: Afraid of self-defeating thought-process changing the way I feel about suicide, and not knowing how long I will remain happy.

Edit: sorry, kind of in an emotional, philosophical thought babble mode. I just kind of let go, and went with the flow."
"So I posted a little bit ago because I am struggling with going on living. The majority of people posted for me to run away somewhere else so I tried to run away. Or I should say drive away. I packed my bag and dropped off a note saying I quit and tried to drive away. I didn't even get 20 miles out when they found the note, made phone calls, one called his cop buddy, found my car, and they pulled me over and then ""escorted"" me back home.

So running away won't work unless I buy a bus or plane ticket which I can't afford.
I tried asking my counselor and psychiatrist if there was some treatment center I could check in to but they kept avoiding the topic and one said, ""you don't need that, we'll figure this out together""
I tried googling depression with other mental disorder treatment centers but the only results I got were for places that you have to have an eating disorder or for psychiatric hospitals.
I just want to be fixed. But nothing seems to be working. I feel like I am hurting my friends being so negative around them. That they are better off without me in the picture. :-(
I just want to go away to get better but unless I say where I am going and why the same people are just gonna call the cops on me. They have people assigned to go to where I work during my usual shift to make sure I sm either working or off to keep tabs on me.
I just want this and all the stuff in my last post to end."
"http://www.palace.net/llama/psych/bpd.html

The information in the above link pretty much sums up BPD and I fit it to a T.

I could go on and on about the myriad of horrible things I've been through and done but it boils down to this:

I have sabotaged my life and the lives of people I love more times than I can remember, and up until I was diagnosed I never knew why. For decades, I wondered what my goddamn problem was. I wanted to understand why I did the things I did, and acted the way I acted. I wanted to understand because I thought that if I did, I could put myself on the road to fixing whatever the problem was somehow. But I can't fix this. I can't go through life picking up and then knocking down myself and the people I really do care about over and over again. I've hurt a lot of people, people who I love and have sworn up and down that I'd always be there for. Most of them, are out of my life now and I miss them so much but I know if I try to re-establish contact with them it'll just be a matter of time before they are briefly and inexplicably demonized in my mind. These are the people I'm supposed to be there for. I KNOW I care about them but I can't seem to show it, or prove it rather. And now I'm alone. I have aqcaintances and people I call friends but I feel no real connection with them and when I do see them I just humor them. I show them the person they want to see because being myself well, can be a pretty big fucking  drag. 

My question is this:

How can I or anyone else expect me to want to continue living if I know I am just going to keep up this behavior without being able to do a damn thing about it? When BPD gets going feels like your a pilot flying a plane and all of a sudden the plane goes into an extremely fucked up auto-pilot mode and your just sitting in the cockpit waiting to smash into the side of a mountain. But you always survive the crash, barely. Fuck this. I'm tired of 'living to be an asshole another day' every time my brain decides its gonna shit the bed and make me go ape shit on the people I care about. It's not fair to them. Life's hard enough as it is without having somebody who seemed like a great friend turn out to be mental when the chips are down. I'm so ashamed of myself, and I should be, but I just can't keep doing this anymore."
"First off, sorry for bumming everyone out. This place is pretty depressing as it is. Anyway, lately I feel like absolute crap and can't stop thinking about killing myself. The thing is, I know I would never do it, I just can't stop thinking about it. "
"I'm 21 years old and have been addicted to heroin for four years. I was a honor student in highschool until I started doing heroin my senior year, after that I dropped out and got my G.E.D.

 I'm currently out on bail for a robbery that I committed because of my addiction. Please feel free to judge me I most definitely deserve it. I just don't know how much longer I can keep living this life. I have lost all my close friends and my family doesn't want anything to do with me. 

I have tried to get clean before, and even had some success but as soon as my parents start to trust me again I always manage to relapse in a spectacular way. I have maybe one semester of junior college and I am about to get a felony so my future is pretty much fucked. Not even to mention going to the penitentiary. I am not cut out for that shit and I am so scared, I would honestly rather die than go there. 

I don't really know why I am posting this, I just keep thinking about suicide every day. I am pretty much out of hope right now. At this point I just want to start over and hope I will have better luck in my next life...

"
"Hey r/SuicideWatch, what are some ways that I can make my passing as orderly as possible? I'm thinking specifically on how to ease the trauma of my death on those around me. On my current timetable, I have about six weeks to get my affairs in order. Here's what I have so far:

* I have a gameplan right down to what clothes I'll wear and how I'll travel to my destination. I've found a place where i can have access to a 68th story open-air balcony, so I find it reasonable to assume my attempt will be successful. I even plan to bring along my good friend Jack Daniels to calm my nerves on gameday.
* I have saved enough money to cover burial costs, and I have a Last Will and Testament to distribute my remaining property to those that i feel would most benefit from it.
* I also have a Living Will that will hopefully keep the doctors saving my life in the off chance that somehow I manage to survive the fall.
* I have begun a series of highly personalized letters to those I care about.  Basically reassurances that this isn't their fault, advice for the future, etc. I intend for these to be comforting.
* I have scheduled a couple of reunions so that I might see some old friends one last time. They of course have no idea that this will be a farewell visit.

What other ways might I get my affairs in order? Please note that I likely won't bother responding to requests for me to change my mind. I realize that this runs a bit contrary to the point of r/SuicideWatch, but I am legitimately looking for ways to help those I care about.  Thus I ask this wonderful community for ways to help others. You still have the potential to change help people here, just not me specifically."
"Sorry in advance for the wall of text.
Where to start.  I'm a freshman in college, 18.  I have no real friends.  My family, the only people that I think truly understand me, are essentially on the other end of the world.  Every night I feel depressed.  I feel alone and isolated.  I feel worthless, useless, like I don't deserve to be here.  I have a constant looped track of thoughts running through my head that I can't seem to stop -that I'm weak, devoid of utility and worth, that there is no reason for me to exist.  I have no talents, nothing that really makes my presence valuable to anyone.  I'm just a mannequin, a place holder.  I don't feel like a real person; I feel like a shell, like I'm living only half of a life.  

I don't feel that my time in college is worthwhile.  I know it's supposed to be ""the best years of my life"", but I just want to get it over with.  But even if I fast-forward four years, what then?  Where do I go, what do I do?  ""Just something to get over with"" describes my entire life.  I feel like my only purpose is to die.

When I am at my lowest, as I am now, it feels like I will never be happy, and I never really was.  As I write this it feels like it's been years since I've been satisfied with my life; I can't remember the last time I went to bed looking forward to the next day.  The closest I can get to contentedness -when I play poker or pool with some people I know- is just a dull numbness.  I feel like I laugh to fit in, to put on a mask over what I truly think and feel so that I don't kill everyone else's fun.  At best it feels like I'm living off of borrowed time, like I am just staving off my own inevitable suicide.

Sleep is my only cure, but even that is only temporary.  I wake up with a malaise, an apathetic feeling towards myself and the world, but at least I'm not depressed.  But once I get back to my room, it all comes crashing down like a deck of cards. 

The only things that keep me from killing myself are my family and the rational part of my brain.  I know that my death would cause extreme and undue harm to those I love, and I'm not willing to do that to them.  I also cling to the idea that my feelings are only temporary and irrational.  That someday, somehow, it will stop.

Every day, though, those thoughts get a little weaker.  I feel like it's inevitable; I think about suicide several times a night.  A few days ago, it was staring at a pair of scissors contemplating stabbing myself to death.  Today it was thinking about enlisting with the Army or Marines for the sole purpose of being deployed into a warzone.  

I can't even trust my thoughts anymore though.  I can't tell if I'm thinking about suicide out of some subconscious desire for attention, or if I'm actually serious.  I just don't know anymore.

I'm sorry.  I don't want to be a burden on anyone.  I just can't turn to my family because I don't want them to worry, and I don't have any friends to talk to.

I just want to be happy, but I feel like I've forgotten how.  I feel like there is something wrong with me, something broken that I don't know how to fix."
"I look outside, it's snowing. I watch as the innocence of the white breeze, untainted by the rugged traces of civilization, settles gently onto this fading world. I imagine a stone barely perceptible in the distance being slowly burried, as if to say my fate awaits. I rest my right hand against the window, still gazing at this desolate sight.

A brazen crow caws, I falter. I question the very purpose of my existence in this world that barely acknowledges it, where not a soul that is my friend, and not a heart that is my family notices my presence or lack thereof. I cry alone, barricaded in my room that has become my solace. I try to sleep my tears away, just to wake up screaming in the shadows. No one hears. I wake up at the break of dawn, at the thought of putting the sun out and withering back into dust.

Every morning is the same. Every day is the same. Every night is the same. I lost my passion to pursue any aspiration that ever once existed. And as the enlightenment of knowledge no longer attracts me, I fall back, failing once more. I can no longer stand anything, yet, I wonder why I still follow this daily routine.

I walk around, looking for a smile, when I really just want to cripple over, my arms around my legs, my head tucked neatly away. I walk into a store and wonder, is it wrong that I can calculate exactly how much of each individual product would be required to overdose, and how much more would be required to fall in an inescapable sloom? I think of the pain, and then of the very foolish nature of such an act. I postpone my demise, and exit.

The fog settles in, the window freezes. I continue gazing, only to be repulsed by the very reality of symmetry. There, before my very eyes, stands a clear, recognizable figure. One, that like myself, cannot speak nor hear, but only watch itself become more and more distant, even though the space between us remains unchanged. I feel his pain transcend my hand, still resting against the glass.

I can't bear it. My stomach starts aching in shrill agony, while the scars on my arms and chest tear open and bleed uncontrollably. My mind wanders down into an endless abyss, tortured by memories of the past, and realities of the present. I close my eyes, and for a moment, the hate and loneliness subsides. But reopening them is most painful.

His eyes move away, I don't understand. I turn back, peering through the obscurity of my niche, and comprehend immediately. Not an escape, but a liberation. I give up."
"I wrote these when I wasn't feeling so well, anyone else deal with their demons through writing and want to share?

Don't want to stop.  
This life  
Man where does it lead  
To dead end roads  
Human toads  
Disappointment  
Twisted dreams  
  
Do I really want to extend  
This distented existence to a more natural end - out of my hands  
Out of place or traditional rending of myself from this life, why let another force control when I go out in the night?  
I don't know  
Future happiness for me is just the afterglow  
Of childish days when I still had hope for me in this life  
I'm not right  
Full of this hatred and spite  
Tired of self deception and self perception leads to deprecation  

Downward cycle, age will kill my soul before taking a full toll on what is called this mortal coil, should I take control or not? Go out with a bang? or soft like MJ when instead he shoulda quit at the top of his game?

It's not that this world does not have that which it could offer me it's that I feel so alone when it proffers it, mental isolation, so few understand what I'm saying, the game I'd like to be playing is no longer solitaire, but the truth is I'd not dare to look myself in the eye, who I am is a lie for myself I despise, and all the others live a lie or if they don't I'm not on the same plane of existence, watch them drink deep from happiness from behind plated windows, in their shoes I belong, not.

In my dreams I'd not shot myself in the foot but naturally I derive from faulty genes environment not so keen, gumming up the machine, of my happiness experiencer."
[removed]
"I have spent the last week putting all my things in order. I don't really know what I want from this, maybe just the chance to justify myself because I can't possibly account for my actions to the people who need to hear it. I know first hand how difficult it is to deal with the loss of someone who's killed themselves, and so perhaps this makes this even worse. 
The truth is, I just don't want to live any more. There is only so long you can keep going for the sake of others, and I just can't do it any more. This isn't because of anyone else, I have been bouncing between doctors and various treatments and medications for years, and I am so tired of trying. 
I can't sleep, or eat or even talk to people without taking an enormous amount of medication. I love my friends and family very much, but I can't touch them without hyperventilating. I can't function properly.
I know that there are people to talk to, but when every single day is a struggle you run out of options. There are only so many times I can ring up my friends at 3am and ask them to come round to babysit me because I can't stop cutting myself, or explain that all I did today was sit in my room and cry because my mum rang me and I was too panicked to pick up the phone.
I am really sorry.

"
"I find my self contemplating suicide a lot during the last months. I was even at the point where I stuck my head through a hung up rope, but I never really meant to kill me, because I'm to afraid of hurting my body.


There are some things that causing me feeling so miserable. The main point is loneliness.

I'm lonely because I isolate myself and don't feel comfortable around people. Even if I might act confident, I feel stressed and insecure very often.

I never had a girlfriend even if some girls liked me and even if I likde them. I would just feel so insecure that I would always be completely passiv, often even going out of her way or being unfriendly. I just never feel that I could provide any kind of security for a woman, because I'm self so insecure.

And I also have a problem with most men I always feel they trying to surpass me and show me that they're better. That's something that I can absolutely not stand.


I'm nearly 30 now and just flunked out of college. I'm doing nothing but smoking weed, jerking off, working out and surfing the net.

My state of mind during the last months is that I just try to reach a peaceful mindset. I feel so much pain, that this is my very first goal.
It works I'm at peace, feel pretty relaxed. I just can't see me getting anywhere from here, that's why killing myself often seems attractive.


"
"I made a list of things my family would need to know if I do - passwords, how much my dog eats, a few important messages for friends, etc. 

I have a plan for how I'll do it, and I even got into clean clothes so it would be less embarrassing to be examined - I wouldn't want to smell even grosser than other dead people do. 

I feel this small bit of hesitance, like I should just call the hospital right now, but then they'd stop me and I'd be back to square one, except maybe in an even worse position.  I feel like I have to do it. 

UPDATE: going to the hospital. will update later.

UPDATE 2: Went to the hospital. They determined I'm not a serious risk and sent me home.  I'm too tired to care.  

Night, and thanks for your help, everyone."
"Hi guys, I'm a 19-year-old college student, who has recently come to the realization that his current lifestyle is completely unsustainable in every conceivable way. My life makes no fucking sense anymore.

Anyway, here's my current situation: I am a physics major at a rigorous university, and I am taking 19 hours of classes (which is so many, that I had to get approval to do it). I also pledged for a fraternity this semester (and got initiated last weekend), which took up an enormous amount of my time these past two months. To try to keep up with both my fraternity stuff and my classwork, I have been pulling a lot of all-nighters. Now, I am so sleep-deprived that I have started to black out while I'm in my classes. Because I am so tired all the time, I feel like I can't retain things I try to learn, and my memory has gone to shit, so my grades have slipped pretty badly this semester.

Also, a lot of my friends have become heavy drug users this semester. I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with their levels of drug use, or with my own. I really started to question this when I took 700mg of diphenhydramine (= 14 benadryls) on Sunday, and was still hallucinating on Tuesday evening. And then, my best friend offered to get drunk with me on Tuesday night (which I declined), but I still somehow ended up getting stoned out of my mind that night, with a different group of friends. This is bad, because I had a paper to write that night, and I never got around to getting anything done that I had intended to. I've also stopped going to the gym (which I did religiously over the summer). My diet has gone to shit, because my roommates and friends drink nothing but soda and eat nothing but shitty food. Luckily, I haven't gained any weight yet because I have very good metabolism. I'm sure that I'll be okay for the time being, but I'd prefer to live past the age of 30, so I really want to turn this stuff around.

In a related note, I have probably committed at least half a dozen drug-related felonies in the past 2 months.

In an unrelated note, I also hate my roommates with a passion. I am living in a 2-bedroom apartment with 4 people, and the other 3 people are all slobs, so I feel like I always have to clean up after the messes of 4 people. Obviously, I don't have the time to do this, so our entire apartment has gone to shit. And all they ever do is play video games. I'm trying to get the leasing office to move me next semester, but it's far from guaranteed at this point.

I also got my first girlfriend this semester (for lack of a better word; we're not official or anything yet). Just to give a summary of who she is: she's smoking hot (AT LEAST 8/10. No joke.), 22 years old, atheist, chain smokes, rides a motorcycle, and is open to drug use/casual sex. Anyway, last friday we were messing around, and I could definitely get hard, but not hard enough to have sex with her...she gave me a blowjob too, but I couldn't come for like 15 minutes so we gave up. I told myself (and her) it was nerves, which is likely true because this is the second time in my life I've gone past first base, but I've been worried ever since that maybe I have erectile dysfunction because I take propecia for hair loss and one of the possible side effects is permanent ED/loss of libido. I'm considering quitting it, but I really don't want to go bald, either, which is what I think would happen if I did. Of course, it might just be sleep deprivation/stress too, what do you guys think?

Oh also, another thing: it's a long story, but everyone in my fraternity now thinks I lost my virginity to this girl, even though I'm still technically a virgin (got to 3.99th base?). This makes me feel pressured to actually lose it ASAP, even if I don't know whether or not I'm ready to. :/

On top of this: I used to be a pretty religious person up until about 6 months ago, so all of this is doubly stressful to me. I haven't spoken to anyone in my family for about a month. None of them know any of this.

As for suicide: it has certainly crossed my mind these past few days.  I don't think I would actually do it, but I have felt a little bit that way.

tl;dr: I feel like I am living a lie. An incredibly awesome, inconceivably horrible lie. And I don't feel like I can keep going like this anymore. Can someone give me some advice on where to go from here?"
"Alright, I'll try to keep this short and sweet, but no promises.

Basically, for one fucked up reason or another I can't gain any self-confidence at all.  I know I really shouldn't have an issue with it.  I've got a handful of friends, there's always at least one or two women who want to be with me, I've got a decent job, a reasonable education, a nice car, etc.

All I know is that for as long as I can remember there's been someone walking over me, telling me what to do, what I can't do and so on.  I've tried time and time again to break this cycle, but I always end-up back where I started.  Every time I stand-up for myself in some fashion something always knocks me back into place.  Always.  It's gotten to the point where I can barely see the reason for trying anymore.

For some reason I'm always the one guy who will get challenged to a fight when I go out, just because I had a sheer tenacity to walk-by a place where a group of people were sitting.  I could be in a group of 30, and it will always be me.  The hardest part is knowing I could take on the three or four of them in a fight and walk-away fine because of years and years of fight training.  This kind-of thing always seems to happen.  I end-up in a situation (being abused, taunted, etc.) I know I could easily fix my simply standing-up for myself and showing a little backbone, but each and every time I do I end-up getting fucked over by something outside of my control.

* Stand-up to parents in a respectful manner - Get thrown out of home.

* Try to stand-up to random guy that vandalized my car - Find out he's closely related to a police officer in my town that is more-or-less protecting him from everything from drug-dealing to dangerous driving charges.

* Inform group of harassers to leave me alone - Makes things worse.

* Tell parents that despite their wishes I'm going to university - Get sharply told it's useless because I'll never amount to anything.

...and it goes on.  I'm just at the end of my rope here of being stuck in the same cycle over-and-over and it's getting to the point where I'm concerned that one day I'll just decide I've had enough and 'check-out', so to speak.

I don't know... I'm ranting now.  All I'm hoping for is some kind-of advice to maybe get me out of this cycle and away from this feeling of being stuck in the same style of situations for the rest of my life.  It's just that I have a birthday coming-up very soon, and I know now I'm getting older, but I still feel I've missed some important life lesson of some kind.

Like I said, I don't know what I'm hoping to hear here, but at the moment I'll take anything."
"Here's a longer story.

I met him my Sophomore year of college, and throughout the next 4 years we hung out religiously. After graduation, we went our separate ways, but still kept in touch (through Facebook/Text, the occasional get-together). The last time I spent time with him was around a month ago. I found out today that his father committed suicide last night (apparently him and his wife were getting a divorce that was to be finalized yesterday). The wake is Saturday, and of course I already have plans, and won't be able to attend.

Me and a group of friends have prepared to get him flowers, cards, support, etc. We have also planned to have all of us hang out, much like we did in college, that night, in case he needs to just sort of get away from the pain. However I really don't want to wait till then to give him support

Do I send him a text? Call? or do I wait till Saturday to give my condolences? Anyone have any previous experience with this type of situation and care to help me? Thanks Reddit

We do not live close, We live about 5-6 hours apart, however I am real close to his family's home, but I do not know his family.

EDIT: After talking to other friends, I have dropped my plans altogether, and will be attending the wake, as we are going all together to show our support, and plan on giving flowers, monetary value, and having everyone over afterwords for when he is ready to get away from family and have a good time with his friends


"
"I just don't feel like I see any point in anything anymore if I can't be happy. 

I don't really know where to start, or what I'm doing, but here I go.

I'm very shy and private-I think I always have been- and I don't ever feel really comfortable talking to people I'm not really familiar with. Even online, I'm pretty much always a lurker. As a result, I only have a handful of people I feel like I can go to when I'm feeling depressed. And I just feel like I bring the people I love down all the time. I'm so needy but I have nothing to offer. I'm like a child and I don't understand why I even have the few friends I do.

My dog is dying. He has a cancerous lump that's enormous, and has been growing for about a year and a half now. I know not everyone will understand, and I'm not trying to equate this with losing a human being, but losing my dog is really, really hard. He's been my constant friend since I was 3 years old (I'm 19 now), he moved with me from one country to another, and he's always been so gentle and sweet. I know he'll be gone soon and I'm trying so hard to prepare myself but today on the train I finally just started crying. I imagined what it would be like never to get to hug him again and it was torture. I'm away from home right now so I'm sitting here in my dorm hugging my stuffed animal like an infant pretending its him.

On top of it, my anxiety has gotten out of control. I've always had it but I think college has made it much, much worse. I'm very rarely cheerful. I'm happiest when I imagine what I want my future to be like. Silly things like pretending I'm best friends with Quentin Tarantino or that I write for the Daily Show. I feel like my imagination has been able to sustain me for 19 years but I'm old enough now to realize those things will probably never happen, and right now I don't feel like I have anything that makes me as happy as my stupid Mary Sue dreams that wont ever come true.

I used to want to be a writer but more and more I feel like I have nothing to say, and no motivation to try. Ironically, I really want to write comedy, because it's the stuff that's always made me happiest, but I just don't think I have the ability to make others as happy as comedy has made me. So even watching things that used to make me laugh feels painful.

There's so many things I want to do, but more and more I'm realizing I'm not nearly as special as I wish I were. Aside from being a good comfort to my mom (she's been depressed since her best friend of 36 years died a few years back) there's nothing I feel like I can do. I used to dream so big and for the past few years I've been forced to come to terms with how small I really am. And I just don't see the point of living for probably decades more if I'll never be as happy as I was when I was, like, 5 years old and going to Disney for the first time. I just don't think I'm cut out for it.

I'm sorry this is so long, and I don't really know what I want from this, I just felt the need to write something. I don't want to bother my friends anymore."
"This is obviously a throwaway account because I can't really be open about this.  I am currently a second year ph.d. student in a doctoral program, and I am affiliated with an expansive psychologist community.  Although I have had these thoughts occasionally throughout my lifetime, they've become more intense recently.  I fantasize about running out in front of cars.  I worry about how long it will take for someone to find my body if I were to hang myself in my apartment.  I honestly have no idea where I can turn to, because I don't feel comfortable sharing these embarrassing feelings with my colleagues, superiors, etc.  I don't want anyone to know that I am seeking out treatment or feeling this way, and if it weren't for the anonymity of reddit, I'd feel more alone.

I don't feel like this all the time, but when I do, it's terrifying.  I feel this way now.

I need unique, alternative offers of help.  I am desperate for anything.  I know you're all thinking I should know better, but I am truly at a loss."
Im not suicidal just extremely lonely.  PM if your willing to talk to a drunk and a phone bill to NB canada
"Hey, SW.  I've been here before under some other nicks (on both sides of the equation), but this time it's looking pretty bleak.

Background: I devoted most of my life prior to college to getting to college in order to become a musician.  It has always been my dream to someday play in an orchestra and maybe play solo concerts as well (and teach on the side).  While I could probably do fairly well in most careers, this is one of few about which I am passionate.

On getting to college, I discovered that doing well in the school of music (however prestigious) was surprisingly easy.  This led to some very poor behavior, which, when combined with my seasonal depression and OCD, became crippling very quickly.  Right off the bat, I failed to get involved with other members of the studio, I failed even to find out where practice rooms were, I failed to attend concerts, and I failed even to make it to classes.  Rather than getting better, this got worse semester by semester, until, at the end of my sophomore year, my anxiety about really commonplace situations became near unbearable.

When this happened, the only response I could come up with was to drop music and start something else.  I knew it was a poor decision from the start -- primarily because I was running away from one thing instead of running toward another.  I ignored this, and pretended as if I had found a new passion and that music was no longer my dream.  

It was still my dream, though.  

I am currently nearing the end of my first semester in my new program, and I am finding it increasingly difficult to see a simple or at all feasible end to this.  I know that I do not have the strength to face all the questioning if I were to go back to music (it was hard enough facing it enough to leave).  But I also doubt I can ""stick it out"" in a field I have little passion for, even if I have some aptitude in it.

I have had a preoccupation with suicide in the past, but the last few months have been exponentially worse than I can ever remember.  I have thought through countless possibilities for suicide, but I guess the only lucky thing (if it can be called that), is that I do not have the means for suicide, if only because I don't want to ruin some train conductor's life or something.

To preemptively answer questions that might be brought up: I do have a few people who care very deeply about me, and it would be the worst thing in the world if I hurt them, but even that horrifying thought is becoming less and less of a deterrent over time.  I am prescribed some medication that I have had varying luck with in the past, but I am very mistrustful of medication as a sole source of treatment, and I have great difficulty in even making myself go to therapy or counselling.  Also, I have already tried the standard knee-jerk responses, such as telling a friend or exercising more.

Sorry if my grammar comes across choppily -- I'm pretty shaken up right now."
"In about a month I will be 17. I have been dealing with my depression my whole life. Probably the number one thought I have on a daily basis is to kill myself. I'm such an outcast from society, I just can't stop thinking about all the fun things I missed growing up. I have no friends, was never accepted anywhere. But every year, even though I felt this way, I always hoped things would be different next year and I would be happy. A couple weeks ago, reality hit me like a brick. I'll never be able to relive the things that make childhood fun and I won't change next year. I'll never change. I'm just not ready to grow up. The thought that when I'm 18, I'll be an adult, I'll have to move out and fully support myself. Its just terrifying to know that I will be completely alone. I don't know what to do. I just don't see a point in living anymore if I'm just going to constantly suffer for the rest of it."
[removed]
"I have been depressed for a while, but am feeling it more and more as time has gone on. I'm 23 years old, employed, a college graduate, yet I feel absolutely empty. I have never had any close friends. I didn't make a single friend in high school, nor in college. College was especially brutal, I majored in engineering and spent almost all of my time studying, doing homework, or working on class projects. I would get maybe 5-6 hours of sleep a night, and took a lot of adderall just to keep up with the workload. I would spend my summers doing research, and all of my class breaks lying in bed. I can't think of a single good memory, just loneliness, stress, frustration, and depression. Thinking back, it wasn't out of the ordinary to go over a week or two without talking to anyone. I have eaten alone at almost every meal for the last six years, spending my time browsing the internet, reading the paper, or eating in a rush. 

I am overweight, and have gained considerable weight in the last year. If you're a Seinfeld fan... I went from a body type similar to George Costanza to one closer to Newman. Yes, I gained around 40 lbs in one year, drinking a six pack of beer per night and eating absolute junk. The weight gain does concern me, but I think I'm starting to develop a drinking problem as the only thing I do after work is get drunk, and on the weekends I'll lie in bed all day, start drinking at dinner, and keep drinking until I pass out. I'll go through phases like this, then stop drinking for a week or two, then start it up again. 

I have never gone on a date, held hands, kissed a girl, or had any sexual experience. I'm well behind average in this area, I think it's because I used to have braces, acne, and was extremely shy in high school... this crushed my self esteem and carried over to college. I feel like I'm not an interesting, exciting, or normal person and this is why nobody (male or female) wants to hang out with me. I made an OkCupid profile two months ago, but no women would reply to my messages, and I never got an unsolicited message. I'm not a creep, but I have serious trouble attracting or even getting the attention of women.

I have tried to put a game face on, and keep my chin up, but it's getting harder and harder as time goes on. I just feel so fucking lonely, like I'm broken, like I can't connect with other people, share old experiences, or make new ones. I have serious trouble keeping pace in a conversation (e.g. I will interrupt, or ask off-topic questions), and am generally uncomfortable socializing. I'd rather just get drunk at home, play video games, surf the web, or watch TV. My apartment is an absolute mess, I'll go two or three days between showers, and a week or two in between brushing my teeth.

I saw a therapist my sophomore year of college, but it was too painful to talk about this face-to-face, so I just stopped going. I'm just too ashamed of how my life is, and don't like opening up.

I can't continue like this. I came really close to suicide in July (was on the brink but chickened out), but I just can't imagine living another year like this. 

I don't have anyone to talk to, not even my parents would understand. They are really critical people and would probably just encourage me to kill myself, call me an embarassment, or tell me to stop whining. 

Emptiness, loneliness, self-hatred, embarassment, pride... I don't know what to do. Is there any way to fix my life? Is there anything to look forward to?
"
"1. When to consider?
2. How to go about?
3. Repercussions?

I've dealt with suicide before, three years ago. But this time around, for lack of a better analogy, it's like I've built up an immunity. It was a close call then, but having seen everything I've done to progress from that point on fall flat again, it's hard to have yet another go at it. The lines, the talking, the friends, the outreach. All too far gone... what if it's time to be committed?"
"Why the hell am I posting this on reddit? There is no way I can talk to anyone openly about this, I guess.

I cheat. I lie. I steal. And by stealing, I mean siphoning thousands of dollars of my poor parents' money for my own purposes for the last three years.

I can't hold a job, now I can't even *find* a job, and have left college more times than I can count. I am fat, I am sick, I am crazy, and I hurt everyone around me.

I don't even know *why* I've been stealing all of my poor parents' money. I try to justify it with anger at a shitty childhood, anger at the horrible decisions they make even now, justify it because I've been hurt and want to punish them.

Does it even matter? What I've done is *wrong*, so wrong, that if they really catch on I will lose my family. I hate and resent them as much as I love them, but I don't want to lose them, either...I've lost my two most precious cats, some of my only friends for these last few years, thanks to my parents letting them outside. I'm angry, I'm sad, and part of me used that to justify my thievery. Now, if I don't tread very carefully, I'm going to get caught.

Do I feel this way just because I know I'm on the verge of being caught? Do I really feel guilt and shame, or is it a defense mechanism? I was already upset over other things and have a plan in place, but I can't even tell what's real and what's not right now.

I am not making any goddamn sense, I know.

It's like the enormity of my actions has finally hit me, and I'm mortified at the useless, soul-sucking piece of shit that I've become. I am a horrible excuse for a human being. Why am I alive? Why didn't I kill myself any number of times before?

I don't know. I don't know anything. I want to stop hurting the people around me, stop hurting myself, live a good, fulfilling life, but I don't know how to stop myself. When in the moment, I do incredibly stupid things, but can't own up or else I'm screwed. This happens over, and over, and over and I don't know how to stop it.

This needs to end. I need to end. I need to end if I can't be fixed.

[culled]

I am so afraid and angry and shameful and confused and disgusted.

But this has to stop. I can't keep ruining others.

EDIT: Got rid of the part where I casually mentioned the method, figured that's not welcome"
"First let me give a brief reason for posting this. A little less than i month ago i tried to kill myself. I failed not because of dedication but because the materials i used failed to do the trick. Long story short i ended up in the hospital, got 5150'ed (im from the rougher parts of oakland so you can believe this wasnt pleasent), but am still here today because of it.

Today i still feel horrible, HOWEVER going through this experience gave me a certain perspective that would have been impossible to achieve without it. Before i tried to kill myself my depression which has been on and off for the last 9 years (im 21 i had a shitty childhood) built up to a level never before experienced. I hated waking up and honestly couldnt see how i would ever be happy. I thought that i had thought about the results of killing myself with as realistic of a mindset as possible. I was wrong.
There is no way you will comprehend how your killing yourself will affect those around you. Even if you think that there isnt that many people that genuinely care about you and the affects wont be that strong, YOU ARE WRONG. Right now in your mindset you cant fully comprehend the affects of your actions. People will never be able to stop forgiving themselves regardless how shit plays out. Trust me i know. 
Also the day after i tried i was sooo happy to be alive. I felt rediculous and embaressed, but that was just because in the moment i failed to comprehend my actions. Even though im still sad, i cant express in words how bueatiful life is. In that moment of chemical imbalance i am very aware that it is hard to see any way out but i beg you please give life an oppurtunity to get better. When it does you will think back and be happy you didnt try to take your life in the direction that i attempted to take mine. Your life can be great even if it isnt right now.
Im not sure why i am writing this. It might be because after the initial attempt i posted on reddit w/ another account and peoples words helped me considerably. Thinking back on that i went on suicidewatch and felt literally heartbronken to see how many people felt the same way i did.  Maybe noone will read this and it wont help anyone and ifso whatever it doesnt matter. Maybe it even helped myself vent. But if anyone can identify then its all worth it. Sorry bout the spelling but i started crying and i dont really care."
"I don't have a close relationship with anyone. I'm not comfortable talking about any of my problems, not even with my mom. No one knows anything about me. They all think I'm doing fine and having a great life. Whenever I'm alone I can't help but think about who I am and cry. I hate everything about myself. I hate that I can't just be happy. That's the only advice I get; be happy. I can't do it. No one wants to hear me complain. 

I can't stand myself. I hate being around anyone because I know they all just look at me. Everything would change if I wasn't so alone, but really, that is the only time I'm comfortable. No one knows anything about me. I'm a loser by everyone's standards. Nothing I do to try and change works. I never feel good about myself. I know I don't matter to anyone. 

I know there's more that bothers me, but I can't put it into words. It's the way people look at me, the way they talk to me, the way I just know that no one is sincere. I'm supposed to believe things will get better, but they won't. I know they won't. It would have gotten better by now. I'm in the prime of my life, and I want to kill myself. I hate life. I hate feeling things. I hate thinking.

I can't ignore anything. I can't just interact with people like anyone else. I know they're judging me, I know they're lying if they say they aren't, and it bothers me. So much. And I can't stop it. I know its stupid, thats why I feel like such an idiot. 

All I want is to talk to someone. Thats all I've ever wanted. I just can't ever be comfortable. I'm never comfortable unless I'm hiding from everyone. I might look alright sometimes, but I'm always screaming on the inside. People terrify me. Getting close to someone terrifies me, but that's all I want. I just want to talk to someone that loves me. That wants me to talk to them. But no one does. 

And yet, here I am. Babbling on the internet in stead of trying to fix myself, like a fucking loser. Right now is the only time I'm ever comfortable, and I'm fucking miserable. I feel so pathetic. I'm an idiot. No matter what I do, I will always be an idiot. 

I'm sorry you read this, but I can't talk to anyone face to face, or anyone that I know. I don't want anyone to know about my problems, but I want help. I'm too ashamed of myself to say anything. I don't know what to do and every day I'm becoming more and more depressed. I know that pretty soon, one of these nights, I'm going to get drunk enough to work up the balls to kill myself. I need help.
"
"As time goes by I am becoming increasingly convinced that my life is going to end in suicide.  I flunked out of school and really have no desire to do anything at all any more.  I'm a disappointment to myself, my family, and pretty much everyone I know. I am so incredibly tired all the time and I don't really see things ever getting better.  I have no marketable skills to speak of and no real hope of a serious career (nor do I have any desire for one).  In short, I'm tired of the grind and I can't see myself contributing to society in any meaningful fashion.  Even the best case scenarios for my future look very grim.  I don't think I can focus enough to finish school and the US has a nice way of treating people like shit if you don't have a degree.  At this point I really can't imagine life not ending with my suicide.  I don't want kids, a real job, or anything resembling the life I'm ""supposed"" to have.  I'm such an epic fuck-up and I don't know how much longer I can hold on.  In any case, there is no way I'm going to make it if I stay in my current situation.  I want to go far away and make a new life for myself, but without any money (I have maybe 1000 bucks total to my name) or skills I don't see a realistic chance of that happening.  I'm just so tired.  I'm not gonna make it much longer."
"Anonymous account. Actual Redditor for over 4 years. I am an American who met a woman from Europe. She lived with me in the states and when she became pregnant wanted to move back. 
 I quit my job, found homes for my dogs of 10 years, sold everything, and moved to Europe. 
   As time went on, my wife showed signs of depression (she had was raped as a child) . We had a second child (now they are 5 and 7 years old) I went through a year of visa approval, a year of language school and then job hunting and landed a teaching job ( I was a teacher in the US as well) I taught, found a house away from her family
   My wife's family never liked me. The mother is into psychic type things. She would tell my wife that psychics saw danger and death in my future (bullshit I say). My wife's brother tried to assault me many times in the past. We had to live with them to start our lives. I never hit back and always walked away. He is now a meth addict, lives with his mother, and is not allowed to see his ex-wife or children. He has stolen money from us in the past and has some serious issues. He is 35. For many years I juggled the new culture, the long driving distances to work, child care, cleaning and overall care for not only my children but also my wife. She would have moments of depression where I would come home, my children's practice potty was filled to the top, they hadn't eaten all day and had no warm clothes on. When my wife was responsible for getting my daughter to school last year, my daughter missed over 1/3 of the school year. When I finally had money saved, my wife would drink and gamble online all our savings. It was devastating. I went into debt to take care of my kids. 
   We separated for a few months one time and then agreed to equal custody of the children. She came back and we found a place far away from her family. 
  I decided to take a year off from work to get the family straightened out. I made schedules and routines, got the kids to school, cared for my wife and helped and motivated her. We had less money but I was frugal and smart. 
   Life got good. We all were happy and working together. I had control of the money and saved around $6000. Kids were happy and healthy. 
   Then last sunday, the 31st October, while I was sleeping, she found the bank cards and gambled it all away. I was distraught and stressed. I drove forward anyway. 
  For the last 3 months we have been slowly letting her mother and brother back into our lives. I wanted to show forgiveness and not make my wife feel torn. 
   They arrived on Friday the 5th for a visit. Her brother brought some beer as a gesture to be friends. We had a few drinks and he told me he had stolen many things from my house over the summer while I was gone. I flipped out. (Note: I have NEVER hit my wife or children. She has hit me a few times though, once while I was holding our baby.)  I tried to get him out of the house. The mother called the police and I went to jail. He was allowed to stay in my house. 
I returned in the morning my children, their clothes, toys and even my food was gone. There has been no contact for 5 days . 
  I have contacted all family services and police for many days. I finally went to the police today and my wife was sitting there on the steps. She was filing a report about Friday night. 
  I have only this one incident against me. She and her family have records for all kinds of depression, illness and crime, scams. 
In this Northern European country Parents have equal right, not like other places where the mother is in charge. 
  I am afraid right now. I just got a letter from an attorney saying no contact. Even though I have records of their past actions and I have a good clean history, I am afraid. I am alone, no family here, worried about my children and have no one. The language is a barrier as well. 
  Almost eight years starting over and I just may lose it all. I am 40. I know my daughters are begging to see me. They know I have been the rock of the family.  I want my children to see me and to know they are taken care of. Everyone says to be patient. I can't take the pain. I can't keep up this fight. I did everything to make it work and now I am getting the shit end of the stick. 

I have learned to tie a noose and am having strong moments that say do it. Enough is enough. 

TL:DR - Crazy strong feelings of escape from pain. "
"What would you do if you had a severe case of social phobia, had a strong life-long depression and couldn't ask for help?

I've been wanting help for years now, and I can't go to the doctor myself, I'm 17 years old and the closest thing I've come to getting help was when my mom went to the doctor for me, the doctor said she couldn't prescribe anything because she hadn't talked to me. I can't even leave the house, I've lost touch with pretty much all my friends after they found out I had a depression. Any suggestions on what to do here? I literally only see one option.."
"I am not an emotional or irrational person. I don't believe that I am suicidal in the way that 99% of suicidal people are.

I constantly think about how I am just a complex interaction of atoms that are following the laws of physics. I can't get over the fact that I have no free will. I keep thinking about how my consciousness is just an emergent property that occurs due to the way the neurons comprising my brain work. All of this is derived from mathematical and physical laws. 

I don't even know what ""I"" am. I don't wish to debate on the validity of my views as these views are the result of careful consideration based on logic, reason, and scientific inquiry.

This scares me, I feel overwhelmed, and I desperately want to free myself from my own thoughts. Even typing this feels so absurd to me. If I want to escape my own thoughts, then what the hell am ""I""?! I need a painless way to kill myself. 

Thanks for reading, if you did."
"Hi reddit, I'm a lurker here after the great digg migration. I'm 18 in 4 days and every day that comes closer seems to remind me that my life is pointless. I am out of high school now and attempting to do college. But even that is pointless, I don't have the money to go to school to become a pharmacist (Which, hell I don't even want to do). But I actually think I am getting ahead of myself.

I think I should start out with my family. My father is a Christian and is forceful about me being a non-believer. He isn't too abusive or anything but he has been to my alcoholic mom. My brother is a taunting shit and my father only encourages it. All in all, I hate my family. I think is what originally caused my depression. I use to be forced to take my mother's bottles out to the street after we found her drunk. She loved her vodka.

School, I was smart up until high school and I slacked. I continue to slack. I was about 3.0 by the time I graduated. Sure I got accepted to Oregon State, but I don't have the money. I had some friends, nerds and gamers throughout highschool.

My friends I think were the only thing keeping me together through high school. They never knew of my issues at home, because, well, I did not want them to know. It was embarrassing. What really helped hold me together was Dungeons and Dragons. Sure bring the hate, but I love the game. I think its the only thing I really care about anymore but now that I am eight hours away from all my friends (I moved about three days after graduating) I am no longer able to play. I have looked locally for people to play with but I haven't meet any groups, nor have I made any friends. 

I have no work experience, no one wants to hire me and my family continues to remind me about this. It just makes me feel even lower.

Relations with the other gender. I have basically one fling in my past and the farthest I ever got was first base, once. I am pretty sure she is a lesbian or at least bisexual now. 

So, really, I wish I could kill myself, but I just lack the ability to go through with it. Yeah, I am a coward but I just know that if I were to kill myself, how would I know what would come next? Just more emptiness and nonexistence? I think that scares me even more than depression.


TL;DR: I hate life, but lack the courage to kill myself. Life hates me back."
[removed]
"just got home from seeing my therapist.  i told him i was going to either call my mom and kill myself or not call my mom and kill myself.  it dumb to be so worked up over your parents at 30, but what can i say, i suck.  so he asked for plan, i said lamichtal overdose, etc.  then he tells me how he is under a legal obligation to call people, like the police, and therefore he will call them.  and something about me effectively ending our therapy.  and how he tried for 3 years to go me to see... something... and guess what it didnt work.  nice.

so now he's annoyed he has to call the cops, im annoyed he's threatening, he allows me to take back my ""comments"" and says i should not contact him by phone or email and tell him im going to kill myself, as that is innapropriates and blahblahblah.  i said fine.  wasn't going to contact him anyways."
"I have been depressed since I was 12 years old. (20 now.) I've always felt like shit with very few weeks/months of happiness in my young adult life. And I've fucked up a lot the last few years.

I dropped out of a lovely four-year college because I couldn't find it in myself to care. Can you believe that? I could have been happy there. Instead I fucking dropped out and move back home and now have a minimum wage job and debt collectors calling me to pay for the education I rejected. My boyfriend supported me for a year of panic attacks, nightmares and freakouts. Now I am employed and he recently lost his job so I am supporting both of us, and a cat. (I know....but food adds up, for all of us.) Money is fucking tight and that's with living with 3 other people.

My boyfriend. Yeah. I cheated on him. With my ex. I love my ex. I love my boyfriend. I don't know what the fuck to do because neither of them is interested in sharing and it's just generally fucked. My boyfriend knows nothing - he is a fucking saint, he's done everything for me and I love him to death. I don't feel bad about the cheating, just the lie. Something is wrong with my morality.

This week I tried to catch a puppy that was loose on the street. It danced out of my hands and into traffic and I watched it die.

Then my ex blackmailed me. I verbally attacked him because I'm an asshole, no real reason, and he said he would reveal everything. I broke down. I thought I was a proud person, you know? A person with morals. With the serenity of a priest my adulterer broke me down into little bits, showing me who I really am. I'm a dreadful liar and an abuser. I am a fucking coward. I don't have the balls to go back to school, I don't have the fucking guts to change my life, I don't have the strength to confess to my boyfriend and put us on even footing. I disrespect and dishonor him. My ex peeled me down to my core and what I saw was ugly and selfish. I am hideous and hypocritical and disgusting. I don't know what I want so I abuse those around me. I'm a pathetic, delusional spec of human shit.

I just want to be happy. Now no matter what I do - if I confess, or if I leave, if I go with my ex or beg my boyfriend for forgiveness - no one wants me. No one loves me. It's sad. I hate myself. My boyfriend would never forgive me. Now, my ex says he is too stressed for a relationship. I can't afford to live by myself here, it's too expensive. I would be alone. I am alone, really. I'm always alone.

I am so afraid. I am afraid of my own friends. I am afraid of the people I love, because I fear they will stop loving me. (I lost a lot of friends when my ex and I broke up. Well...all my friends. I have friends now but I now know how easy it is to lose them.) I am so fucking scared and I dont know what to do anymore. I wish I could just start over and do shit differently this time. But I can't. I can't do anything. I'm afraid of dying alone. I'm afraid of dying, because this is it, after this there is nothing. Everything I thought good about myself was a fucking delusion so I could justify playing two people and not picking one, so now neither one will want me unless I lie to them, which is even more pathetic. I'm trapped here, depressed, half-crazy and a douchebag of the highest caliber. Where did I go wrong?

TL;DR I'm a cheating asshole abuser and don't know what to do with my life, so I might as well get rid of it."
I just need to talk to someone. Anyone. Message me.
"First of all, the only reason I am writting this here is because I have exhausted all other options (or at least I believe I did).

As a lot of people posting here I am struggling with heavy depression, am on medically prescribed anti-depressants and am seeing a therapist weekly.

My biggest problem is that I am extremly sensitive (not just as a guy - women can't hold a candle against how easily I get hurt by everything), which coupled with my general lack of self-esteem and tendancy to rationalize everything eventually brought me to the state I am in.

Now, through my adolescence I had the rotten luck of being surrounded by a few individuals/friends, who (for lack of better word) leeched on other peoples misery. Me being easily hurt made me a common target of their actions. Later on I had several other damaging experiences (i.e. My best friend in high school turned out to be hanging with me from the get go simply to get access to my gf, which he then proceeded to fuck behind my back - an experience I missed out on, since for some reason in the 2.5 years I was with her she never felt comfortable doing it... With me).

You probably can see the trend emerging. I am now 24 years old and I feel abslutely rejected by everybody. The latest incident which also caused my 2nd (failed) suicide attempt was when me and the people I hang out with (I want to call them friends, but you will soon see why I can't) decided to purchase tickets for a basketball game. We agreed to buy them in groups, trying to get seats as close together as possible. Needless to say, after the first friend bought two tickets (for himself and his gf), the rest of the group quickly bought tickets themselves, leaving me completely out of the loop. By the time I was told that they had bought tickets, getting a seat anywhere  close was impossible. 

I felt ( and still feel) completely rejected, for the umphteen time. I have absolutely no will to go on, since every time I let my guard down and start hoping that maybe I do belong with somebody (either romantically or as friends), an event such as the one described shows me otherwise.

Now, I would like to clarify that rationally I know that every such event on its own isn't even worth mentioning, but I can't help but feel that these events are all that is happening to me and as such are what defines me. Somewhere down the line I lost the ability to even believe anything good can happen to me (socialy).

From my therapy sessions I know that I will have to fix my own issues if I am to ever have a normal life with normal relationships. But I am afraid I will never be able to believe I am worth accepting, if I will constantly get external signals telling me otherwise (and based on my experience, that is bound to happen).

I am currently not trying to off myself again because I am calm enough to know how damaging it would be to my parents and I do not wish to hurt them. But other than that, I simply don't know what to do. I am literally crying for hours every night before I finally fall asleep and the pain I feel during the day is unbearable.

So reddit, please help me find a way to break this viscious cycle for long enough that I manage to pull myself together.

Signed, forever alone meme guy"
"people have shown it to me before, but forget how to access..  please give me info to sign on."
"I'm sorry that this post is so long.

 24/f. For the last two and a half years I have been just clinging to whatever I can in order to survive. I don't have much faith in people anymore, although I myself am extremely empathetic; a lifetime of abuse (by my parents, my siblings, professors that I have had, old classmates, etc) has screwed me up pretty badly. I want to believe in the inherent goodness of people but I find it to be a challenge. I badly want love in my life but I believe the only way that someone will fall in love with me and be loyal to me is to become truly powerful through self-mastery and mastery of my environment. Basically, the people around me have taught me that I am not enough as I am, although I wish very much that I was.

 I do not believe in a loving God at all (I am an atheist and believe that only a malevolent God could ever possibly exist), although I wish that I did. When I was in college I lost both of my parents (not to death... One became severely mentally ill and has been in constant suffering ever since while the other has abandoned my siblings and myself because my mother separated from him) and was constantly bullied and ridiculed by the only two other girls in my male-dominated program (as well as a lot of the others). I was also sexually harassed a fair bit. In this place I lost all sense of self and constantly felt desperately lonely... At this time I was also very spiritual, so I began to believe that if I had to endure all of this loss and pain it had to be because God hated me and wanted me to suffer as much as possible. Before long I naively began to write lengthy blog posts entirely in metaphor, all of it an allegory to how lost and in pain I ultimately was, because I had no other outlet... I wanted to talk about it, but I had nobody to talk to at all, so in my eyes this was the only way I could get people to listen. The faculty would read these posts and make dark jokes about its content. It gave me false hope that they would help me get help, so I sadly continued this for quite some time. I tried talking to a therapist at the school about what I was going through but she very obviously did not like me, so I stopped going. I only made one thing that you could even come close to calling a ""friend"" in college - the guy I'm dating right now. He pursued me obsessively for more than half a year, following me everywhere I went and sending me several e-mails a day. He would wait for me all day at different bus stops to learn my school schedules and would show up at my apartment and wait for hours if I didn't show up to class. No matter what I said nobody would take my concerns about him seriously, and during this time bullying towards me (from others) also escalated; in the end I decided to accept his love and we began to date... And we still are now, four years later... But, we are in a long-distance relationship (his choice, not mine), and last summer he attempted to cheat on me with anyone he could find on several one-night-stand dating sites. I think that he had a bit of a mental breakdown because his mother died but I can't tell because we hardly talk, really. He has always been extremely selfish, denying me rights while allowing himself to have them (for example, we moved into an apartment for our final year and he would not allow me to bring my cat, but he allowed himself to have snakes and reptiles)... I visit for a week or two each month but when I do we don't say much to each other. Since she died he only wants to go fishing (which I hate). I know that he complains about women with his coworkers a lot. I guess it's because I'm not successful enough. We work in the same industry and he would not recommend me for a job where he works or let me live with him even when I was briefly homeless. He has given me money a couple of times, however (which I hate because it fills me with shame. I badly want to be self-sufficient), and he does remember my birthday and stuff.

 After I finished college I suffered from crippling anxiety to the point where even buying things at the store and talking to a clerk briefly was a challenge. I almost did kill myself at this point but I changed my mind for no reason at all. It took me a couple of years (including some time with a psychologist) but I actually am over this; still, the punishment for my problem was severe, as I lived in poverty until recently, much to the annoyance of my entire family (who briefly abandoned me when they learned that I was not immediately going to be the wealthy, successful person that they wanted me to be).

 What I've written here barely scratches the surface of what has happened to me in the last four of five years. It's literally an uphill struggle for me most of the time. It's only very recently that I have had days which seem like the life of a relatively normal person in their mid-20's. Things are decent now but I know I won't live through things being like before a second time.

 I started a company with someone recently, and I am pouring my heart into it and just barely getting by financially with the hopes that if I truly become a high achiever then I will also find the love and acceptance that I have always wanted so badly. It scares me that this is the biggest source of acceptance that I have in my life, and that it (and probably some of the people that I care about, too) could go away if I underperform. It also scares me that I'm working in my dream job right now but I can't enjoy it at all beacuse all I can think about is everything else. I don't know what else to say about it.

 I still live with my mom and all day long most days we both sit in the living room, me working on company-related stuff while my mom has conversations with people who are not really there, studies the bible and prays compulsively and picks fights with whoever visits. Several times a day she stops out of nowhere and cries, and each time it is like a dagger in my heart. It's literally the worst thing ever. There has also been times where she's decided that she didn't love me anymore. She's chased me around the apartment yelling that my hard work won't get me anywhere, that I will always suffer... She also stole money from me once. She has had a couple of stays at mental hospitals before (for weeks at a time). Once she was diagnosed with schizophrenia, while the other time she was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. She probably really does have both or worse... She always refuses additional help, though, because she believes that psychologists are evil.

 tl;dr = life is fucked up."
"I'm still depressed, but completely rid of my suicidal tendencies. 

Earlier in this Year, I fucked up badly, to put it simply. 
Everybody started hating me for lying, being a jack ass, and being something which I, as well as everybody, hated. 
Somehow, I had friends for a period of time with this ""Persona"" which I had created. A lying hypocritical mess. I hated myself so much I started to hate everybody else, but continued on with this persona because I thought people liked me for it. 

I was wrong, to say the least. 

I was secluded in my lies, I didn't allow people to see me for who I really am. Instead, they saw this infuriating, pathetic human being with an attitude problem. 

I decided to change all of that recently. 
I decided to be honest to people, because really, what is there for a man to lose if I've already lost everything?

It feels good to open up, and it made me start to like myself for having the balls to step up and say who I really am. 
Like, maybe I can be something? 

What I'm trying to say is, if you're depressed, try and change. 
What do you have to lose? 
Ask out that chick/dude you like, go to the Gym, go outside, socialise, do all the things you are afraid of doing, be happy. 

For, what is there to lose? 

"
"I'm out of friends.  I used to be capable of socializing and making friends, but ever since high school ended I seem to have lost all capacity to make new friends.  College was a bust, I sat in my room alone, listening to other people party.  Every attempt I made was a miserable failure.  I went to philosophy club and activist meetings and did work, so there were a couple of people at various times that would talk to me, but despite my best efforts signs of my seriousness and unhappiness crept out and they didn't really want to deal with me more than they had to.

I graduated and moved back to my home town to try and pep myself up with the way my life had been.  But my father's comatose, my mother's a mostly horrible person, my sisters despise me as a loser.  My high school 'friends' started hating one another, breaking into groups, and one by one developing an intolerance / hate of me, I never see them the few who are polite have ceased any act (it's popular to rag on me), I have no friends of any degree left except for the sad sack I used to commiserate with who I urged to move in with people who now love him, and while he's a trooper he only tolerates me out of a sense of obligation.  The housemates (once upon a time friends) I live with are kicking me out because they hate me.  I have no where to go.  I can't make new friends, I never get more than a few messages into a discussion on OKcupid before they abandon ship.

And the thing is, I'm amazing at socializing, I have a genius level mind.  I'm able to instantly see where people are coming from and all the dynamics at play.  This served me incredibly well in high school but now it's an impediment.  I'm bored to death by everyone, and despite my best efforts this boredom (and resulting irritation) creeps in eventually no matter what I do.

I'm hugely motivated by an ethical desire to make society better (I have a very concrete and extensive analysis of it as well as a strategic analysis for improvement), but despite all the angles of attack I can't do shit with zero social capital.  And while I'm usually able to shrug off things and work by myself, shit builds up and there'll be a stray moment when I care what people think and realize there's nothing to cling onto, no one who'll have my back.  And this debilitates me.  I know I can't really deal with what it would take to build and retain a superficial sense of community.  I crave honest substantive connection with another human being.  I feel like I'm the only person in the world to actually give a damn about others, ethics, vigilance and logic.  Nobody shares my views, in a radical activist community I'm defacto ostracized because I disagree with the bits of group think they've clung to for community.   It's been over a decade since anyone posed an argument to me I hadn't already thought of and examined all the way through.  I'm rarely, rarely surprised, and never consistently by any one person.  It's been over a decade since things diverged into cutting edge stuff I think about and what other people are on a level to move up to.  That chasm is bothersome in the extreme.

Oh and I slept through all my physics courses and B+ them with the minimum effort so all my old professors dislike me and won't return my emails inquiring about references for grad school (plus I was depressed as hell which couldn't have been fun to be around).  I'm cranking through textbooks on my own, but it's painful to know there's shit all I can do at this point to follow my dreams.  Plus it's a struggle not to get distracted thinking about my loneliness and failure at everything.  I'll see 3/4ths of a perfectly composed editorial in my mind that'll have certain useful effects if placed precisely and as I'm about to type the easy remaining bits everything'll shatter and my brain will focus on trying to solve some tendril of Forever Alone / failure / no friends.  I'm useless to the world, I'm only leeching off of people / occupying space, this has gone on for 7 years and I can't figure out how I might even have a chance at getting out.

People would be better off without me.  What the fuck is there to live for but the betterment of all consciousness in the universe?  All I've ever wanted to do as far back as I can remember is help people and it's hard to see any hope of that.

Oh and I've never been in a real relationship.  I slept with an unattractive housemate to lose my virginity in college.  And six months ago I made a concerted effort to interest the only person in my spheres of interaction I saw any hope with.  And things were wonderful, brilliant, I felt that I had finally found something of a peer (albeit one with next to no active altruism much less comparable, and while hella intelligent no where near my realms) and shit was great.  But she was interested in someone else which caused drama for her and (suffering from similar depression) had came to very different life conclusions from me.  I tackle and engage with the hard shit, she runs away.  So she has broken off all communication (I never even got a break up talk) and she's explicitly committed to having totally trivial social interactions devoid of connection or intensity.  She was afraid of how much she loved me and how much we connected so she's changing her life completely and never talking to me again.

FFFFUUUUUUUUU"
"I've been here before, in many different ways. To this point in depression at least and beyond about 4 times in trying to take my own life. Everyone around me is so happy at the moment, pretty much every friend I know has someone really close to them to talk to, care, and love. For most of them it's their partner. A multitude of things over the last year have pretty much left me void of these basic things, I used to have some really good people I could talk to... but they're all gone now pretty much. A lot of it is my fault, or can be viewed that way from my depressed state. You see, I'm transgendered. I've been slowly starting the process over the last year and a half, also in which I've improved my life as far as I could in a multitude of ways. But in coming out, I lost... pretty much most of my friends. My partner left me also recently due to unrelated issues and yeah, I feel damned alone.

I've made a lot of improvements, I've lost over 150 lbs in the last year, pretty much at a normal weight now. I've beaten a lot of self esteem issues. I quit smoking. I came out, I've moved forward with my life. After going through two bad therapists, I finally managed upon a good one. Her schedule is just... really sparse, but thanks to her I was finally able to start cross-gender hormones, which is a really big deal. I self medicated this way before, because it made me feel a hell of a lot better. The previous improvements wouldn't have been possible without it. 

The thing is, I'm realizing how alone I am in my situation at the moment... And for the first time lately due to being on hormones in a stable way and my mentality over my self esteem improving a lot... I'm able to look at all the bad things that have happened to me and not blame myself, but accept it's just bad luck. And that's the thing. I've been out looking for relationships, which is hard considering being transgendered... And no luck. I know, you have to stop looking, or at least expecting before you find someone. I know that from past experience. But... I have done that. It's just sitting here, every night before bed I realize how damned alone I really am.

My living situation is such, I'm stuck at home living with an abusive father, and my mother (who is not abusive.) I'm 23. When I was 19, I managed to get out of this situation, but before I did I was in a car accident a day after I quit my job here, which was a month before I planned to move to get things in order. Over time the car accident injury left me permanently disabled and I was unable to continue living on my own. I do not qualify for disability... because at the time of the accident, I was not stopped from doing my job, as I was one day unemployed. I've been here now for almost four years. I'm in a lawsuit over the accident, I have mediation on Monday which I've been having panic attacks about. My luck even in that is fucked. The settlement won't likely be much. You might think having a 5 lb lifting restriction, being unable to stand/walk/run for more than 45/30/10 minutes would actually qualify you for some sort of fair compensation. But the number I'm realistically staring down (and I met with several other lawyers than mine about it, got the same answers) is about 10k. 

I've been stuck in the country here in Minnesota for 4 years, I have no friends due to being home schooled, and the kids that lived around me... Let's just say I have legitimate PTSD issues over rape and abuse that they caused me while I was younger. 

Adding to all of this, my hope for the future is slim. I can't find work around here, because even in retail and everything else... Every single job has a 50 LB requirement to work. And since I can't be legally disabled... No one has any reason to hire me over the multitude of unemployed people. I'm broke due to medical/self living costs over the years, because even being at home my father has charged me rent, and I pay for all of my own food, car, gas, et cetera (have had to since I was 14 at that.)

I haven't been able to go to college until this coming spring when I'll be 24, as both parents refused to sign the FAFSA documents and give tax information because of a whole list of terrible reasons. As of scholarships and grants, I qualify for pretty much nothing having been home schooled. The only educational record I have is my G.E.D, which I got when I was 21. Hell, I never had any vaccinations, even (which I'm getting now.)

I'm finally staring at the end of this lawsuit ordeal, trying to hope for more than I'll get. But hoping is pretty much stupid. If it was enough, it'd at least be a bit to move somewhere else, somewhere friendly even and try find a job at a book store. 

I've been suicidal before, I attempted 4 times, that was because of self hate and not reconciling myself with being transgendered. Now it's just... every day, everything feels hopeless. Incredibly so. I'm sorry for the rant, nobody needs to really worry about me. I just didn't have anywhere else to really put this. Thank you everybody. "
"I always wake up telling myself why on Earth Am I still alive. I am in college and in my last year hopefully. I am studying chemistry, but I am so scared of what's gonna happen to my life afterwards. My grades really low, people always would tell me that if your gpa is crap you are going nowhere. i hate my major and I am so regretting majoring in it. It's too late to change everything but I need to finish it. I have loans, and my family is leaving the country soon. If they leave I am on my own. I have relatives but they don't care about me. My sister is working right now and she could help me, but she is so selfish and she also doesn't care about us, her family. My family is poor, I actually have to use a portion of my aid to pay for our rent. I am so scared that if i can't find a job after we're not gonna be able to pay for the rent. I just want to die! I want to just end this all."
"Short summary of my background: When I was 14 I was diagnosed with PTSD, depression and ADD. I was put in a mental hospital twice at that age for suicidal thoughts. I've come a long way since then. Two and a half years ago I cracked again and ODed. I immediately regretted it and sought help and completely changed my life around. The PTSD part was causes by being molested until age ten by two different men in my family. Neither of them admitted to what they did and neither of them were ever investigated or taken to jail. My parents were Jehovah's Witnesses and were advised that it was better that we didn't press charges for several ridiculous reasons I won't waste your time with. My parents believed me but they were the only ones. My whole family called me a liar and pretty much abandoned me. 

Now I'm 23 (almost 24) renting an apartment with a friend, going to school, working, and have been in a serious relationship for almost two years. My relationship has been very rocky for various reasons. Lately I've been having triggors and nightmares that I haven't experienced in years and am finding it difficult once again to accept what has happened to me and my family. I've gone through years of counseling and dealt with the trauma of one of the men who molested me (my grandfather). However, I never discussed the part about the person. Why? Because he's a part of my immediate family and it just seems impossible to deal with. I see him on a regular basis. We don't talk about it. I feel like the best thing I can do is just ignore what happened. I know that's awful... but how the hell does a family survive that? My family is all I have. I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place. 

I can't afford counseling and I don't qualify for any financial aid. The best thing I could do is schedule an appointment with the psychologist at the college I attend but it would be weeks before I would get to talk to her. I don't even think I have the courage to walk in there anyway. 

I know that these thoughts I'm having are far too complicated for my boyfriend and family to understand or handle. There's no way I would share them with them. But there are things I wish I could share with my boyfriend. I don't want to go into detail with him what I'm going through but I want to be able to talk to him about it at least a little. A couple of days ago I got the courage to say to him ""I feel like I want to kill myself."" He doesn't know how to engage in serious and deep conversations with me. I don't think that our relationship is completely shallow or anything but I told him I really wanted to work on having serious conversations. I told him I felt like killing myself tonight and he responded basically with ""i'm sorry... i love you."" We got in an argument over our needs and wants in the relationship. It breaks my heart that he doesn't know how to interact with me. I don't think he's a bad person or that he doesn't love. It just breaks my heart... I'm not getting what I need from him. I need a lot and I told him at the beginning of our relationship I need a lot. 

After we got in the argument tonight he said I should go to bed, that he was heading out and would talk to me tomorrow. He also told me I could call him if I need him. It breaks my heart that he didn't just automatically drive here. I told him I felt like killing myself, why wouldn't he jump in his car and come here? The pain I feel from him behaving the way he did tonight and the pain I feel from everything else going on is overwhelming. 

I don't know how to sort out my feelings and I feel alone. I don't feel like there is anyone in this world that could help me. I spent the first ten years of my life feeling scared and trying to figure out what was going on. I didn't know who to trust and didn't understand the things that were happening to me. I thought that after a couple of years of counseling I had it all figured out. I was naive. I still don't get it. I don't understand how anyone could do something so horrible to me. I don't know how to wrap my head around all of this. I don't know if I can trust anyone. 

I know, I know. ""Hang in there, things will get better."" It's true, they do. But that ""better"" feeling hasn't lasted very long. I'm 23 and this is exhausting. I don't know how to deal with all these shitty things and I really feel like giving up. My boyfriend says ""Suicide is stupid."" It is.  But fuck, THIS is stupid too. The temptation to take my life is stupid but its real. And the person I'm closest too pretty much ignoring my feelings hurts A LOT. He's at a friends house probably getting high and having fun right now. How's that okay?"
"I don't know where to start. I guess i will just tell you guys my life story then. i don't know.
My mum is a junkie with periods where she would be clean then she would get back on drugs. She was clean when i was born up to about when i was six. i have five siblings me being the eldest. She was semi functional, school was a bit patchy but we still kinda went. i left on the first year of high school my brothers and sisters didn't finish high school but made it a lot longer then i did. We would have children services come over here and there and though the fear that they would break us up we lied and schemed to get them to leave. We would not answer the door, clean up our house and make sure mum was there when they came again. I would search the streets at night and break into car windows for pocket money. I don't know how my mum manged it but we still had food and shelter we were just slightly neglected.
I found a job helping a removelist when i was 14 i loved my boss i never had a father figure in my life and even though he was really just some guy who needed help i don't think he knew i respected him so much cause i was pretty quiet but i loved talking to him about business,sports,politics whatever. 

One thing about him that really impleanted in me was the idea that you can achieve something, you can have money be your own boss you just have to do it. It sounds lame but up to that point i had never really connected to someone who was a do'er someone with a job who did what they said they would do. There was periods at that time when my mum would ask for all my money which wasn't much about $100 a week she wasn't threatening she just asked and i 
would give it to her like a fucking idiot. Looking back at it from now i always felt good 
doing it cause i would think it would make her love me.

I had a great work ethic when i was 18 i owned a van and my own little business delivering 
anything i could, i had ads in the back of the local papers. I had my own place, i had two sisters and one brother with me. I had no social life i took another job, i was supporting them as they went to school, the only time i would do anything normal was come home and go on to the Internet and fuck around. 

And that's it, that's what iv been doing for the last eight fucking years different jobs though different siblings they come in some leave some come back, they love me and they appreciate what iv done but still i feel like crying i want to goto university, i want to be somebody. and i can't even say iv done a real good job on my family. Two of my sisters got pregnant one of my brothers moved to another state to get away from the police. I feel stuck. One of my sisters was bullied in school she was also violently raped shes a shut in, shes the only one that has been a constant with me since the start i wish i could find the right combination of words that would just brighten her world view, soon as i come home she comes to see me until i gently tell her iv got to have my time now which is the only time i get alone,and i feel guilty every time, I'm pretty sure I'm the only one she socializes with in real life, i love her, i love all of them but i hate this shit, i want to leave. 

I have tried to commit suicide before but my heart wasn't in it. I feel like I'm getting older and stupider and fatter i have less and less to offer anybody, i feel like all my energy is spent on trying to hold on. I use to have suicidal thoughts every couple months then every couple weeks then more and more offen like a beep on one those machines that keep your heart beat in hospital and its coming more and more offen, daily now until i fucking flat line. This is the first time iv cried in a long time.

A lot of people criticize the Internet likes it's some sort of loner loser place, but i learnt fucking philosophy through the Internet, I became made aware of minds greater then i could have ever have expected. The isolation i would have gone though without it, i have no idea how i would have gone. I don't think i will kill myself writing this puts things a little into perspective but I'm going to post anyway,i want life to change any ideas guys?"
"I'm ending it. I've been going through bullshit day in and day out every single motherfucking day of my life.

I cry every morning when I wake up, I cry during the day if I can find a place to be alone, and I cry myself to sleep every night. 

I don't have any friends. I haven't had any friends for over a year. I am sociable, but people don't want to hang out with me.

My mom is verbally and psychologically abusive. My job hates me and threatens to fire me all the time. Then I would have bills to pay that I couldn't pay. I have nowhere to go and no one to go to.

I was trying to make brownies earlier, and I spilled a little bit of chocolate on the counter. Maybe the size of a quarter. My mom went ape-shit telling me how I need to take a cooking class and calling me a ""fucking retard"" and saying, ""What did I do to deserve you as a child?"" that there's ""chocolate everywhere; all over the counter, paper towels, in the sink"" and none of this bullshit is fucking true. I am a neat freak. I'm not a slob.

I always try to not let it bother me, but fuck, it fucking bothers me enough that I've decided to end my life. If she hears me crying she says ""fuck you"" and if I continue to cry she takes my car keys away (by force, I will fight her) and take my cell phone away and probably try to choke me which she has done before.

I'm 19 years old and I already feel too old for this. I am so tired that I feel like I'm 90. I'm tearing up and so afraid to cry that it's making it harder to hold it in.

I always kinda felt bad about thinking about killing myself by thinking my family would miss me. Maybe they will, and maybe my mom will be miserable forever but now that is what I *want*. My mom always tells my family members that I am a horrible person. That I lie and steal, and that I do horrible things that I have never done in my life. She lies to their faces in front of me, and I have to get lectured every time I see them about something stupid my mom told them I did.

Fuck them all. Fuck everything. I want to open up a space for another child to grow and have a decent life. There's too many people on the planet anyway. Thanks for listening."
"I don't know if this is the best place to post this, for that I guess it's good that this is a throwaway account.  I guess a quick summary of my life is a good start:

I'm working a decent job, have a master's degree and am doing okay economically overall I guess, though not able to save nearly as much as I want to thanks to ridiculous rent prices where I live.  I really have no friends, as I moved to a new state for my job and don't know anyone, but that doesn't bother me too much, people my age seem to have forgotten how we had fun before turning 21 and now all anyone wants to do is go to bars/clubs, which I hate.  For this reason I'm kind of relieved that I moved, as I usually ended up going along to bars a lot with my friends in college out of peer pressure, just wishing I was home by myself the whole time.  I've also never had a girlfriend, but this is by choice (or maybe I've just convinced myself it's by choice, who knows).  I've gotten laid a few times, had a few girls who I knew I could have had a relationship with but I wasn't interested in them, etc.  Probably stems from me having unrealistic standards, as I've got a decent face and good body, which would be attractive for a girl regardless, but me being only 5'7"" leaves me still unattractive as a guy.  Don't know if any of this is relevant, but I figured I would include it.

The issue is, one day I'll look at my life, think I'm doing great, and want to just pat myself on the back and reward myself for a job well done.  The next day I'll look at the same thing, think how much I hate doing my job, how I was never interested in the field I'm in and only picked it for the money, how I dread the thought of working like this for the next several decades.  I think of what a failure it makes me that I've never been in a relationship, how I always feel awkward in a group of people, like there is some gene that everyone else has where they just know how to act in social situations and I don't have it.  Even among my friends I feel this way, and then wonder why they even want to hang out with someone as awkward as me.  Lately, while it's crazy enough that I jump back and forth between the high and low like that, I've been finding myself feeling the low a lot more often.

Now the reason I'm questioning if I should be posting in suicidewatch is because I never have and never will seriously consider suicide.  Sometimes I want to die, sure, but I know that compared to others my life is great and easy, and I know what it would do to my family, so I never will.  What I do consider doing is getting back into hardcore MMO playing, something I did in high school and the beginning of college, basically just disconnecting myself from the real world and dedicating it to the fantasy, hoping when I decide to go back to the real world it will be better.

I guess what I want to know is are these feelings normal, or should I really be seeing someone?  I mean, technically my life has never suffered, I have always pulled great marks in school and done great at work, I just hated my life the whole time.  But it seems normal for people to hate their jobs, and since it has never gotten in the way of me accomplishing anything maybe I'm making a big deal out of nothing, I don't know.

I realize this is a crazy rant that jumps around a lot and is probably damn near unreadable, but I have typed something similar probably 15 times before, then deleted it without posting.  I know that's what will happen this time if I go back and try to edit it, and I want an outside opinion this time, so I apologize if your eyes/brain are bleeding from an incoherent rant.  Also let me know if there is anything that could use clarifying.

Also amazingly my recaptha is GUYEQY, funny since I often like to blame my constant EQ playing on my social retardation, as I remember myself being pretty socially normal up until I became the EQ guy, GUYEQY."
"Let me start by saying that my friend is not just an alias for me.  She has been crying all day because she cannot handle moving by herself and living in a new location.  She has been pleading with me that I help her but I have been unable to because of the fact that she only told me about her moving a few days prior and I had plans this weekend.  I told her I was sorry and she said that no one else was available to help her and she wanted help specifically my help. (Backstory: we used to date.)  I told her over and over again that I am busy and I cannot help her, she said that I don't care about her and that she wants to die while just weeping into the phone.  I called a suicide prevention hotline to help her but she didn't answer when they called her.  The hotline recommended I call the police because they can't call based on hearsay.  I have told her over and over again that I cannot be the source of her happiness and that one person does not make or break her.  I cannot handle that kind of pressure, I cannot have someone be completely dependent on me like that.  I do not want to call the police on her because she literally just moved into this place today and I do not want to her new roommates to possibly kick her out because of this.  I cannot make it out there this weekend by any means (no car, no money).  What should I do?



**EDIT**  Ok the suicide prevention hotline did call the police and a squad car and an ambulance made it out there and she sent them away.  Right now she seems more upset than suicidal but I will keep you all posted on what happens."
"He's struggled with depression for the three and a half years I've known him, possibly longer. He's been on medication (I don't know which one) for a while, and it's helped him quite a bit. He's also gotten a lot better since his life situation improved - moving to a new school that fits him better, not spending as much time at home with his family, being in a steady relationship (6 months), etc. 

Two weeks ago, it was exposed that he'd been stealing stuff. He'll probably be charged with Grand Larceny and Burglary. My lawyer strongly suggested that we refrain from seeing each other or communicating in any way, because if we're in contact, I'll probably be used as a witness. My parents have demanded that I do so. I've honored this except for one email, which said that I love and care about him very much and I will not leave him, but we need to take a break for both of our safety. Since then, he's texted me and set his google chat status to messages for me several times. I've ignored all of them. 

Three days ago, he set his facebook status to ""You are waiting for a train..."" He almost never uses facebook. It's a quote from Inception, about lying on railroad tracks. I know he's quoting the film. I couldn't do much without violating my agreement with my parents and attorney, but I set my own status to ""don't even think about it."" Last night, he set his to ""To wait for a train or to drive a minivan?"" It scared me so badly I called his mother at 1:30 AM and asked her to make sure he was okay. His dad was sleeping in his room that night. This morning, his dad called my mother to talk about the situation and alleviate our concerns - he thinks his son is not in immediate danger. These parents mean well and have good hearts, but sometimes they don't make observations until it's too late, or make unwise decisions. 

I'm not convinced he's fine, but I don't want to talk to him about it for two reasons. 1: it would go against the demands of my parents and attorney. 2: if he's desperate to talk to me, I don't want to reward him for scaring the shit out of me. 

For the record, I'm also sixteen. I love the hell out of this boy. His mental health has been relatively stable over the six months we've been a couple, and it's only in these terrible circumstances that he's broken. 

I don't even know what I'm asking for. Please help. 

Edit: I'm an avid redditor of over a year. This is a throwaway account."
"I don't know where to begin. I'm in college, pretty good looking, average build, off the charts in terms of IQ, memory, analytical reasoning, problem solving. Aren't we all. At least I used to be. I was picked on mercilessly in middle school, and I can't imagine any experiance that could possibly be worse. I was made to feel beyond worthless, I felt like my soul was being slowly crushed. I remember praying for death every day. The strange thing is, I can't remember any specifics at all, apart from the names of some of the people who picked on me. I do know that it wasn't about any particular thing, or for any specific reason. I think I withdrew from reality as a defence mechanism - everything lost meaning, I stopped taking pleasure in everything I used to enjoy. I was always miserable in a sort of perpetual boredom, and all I wanted was to just be comfortable enough to tolerate being alive. Needless to say, I also developed an overpowering fear of embarassment and social contact.

Eventually, through a combination of making new friends, exercising, and other factors I can't think of at the moment, I was able to overcome most of this. I had a few girlfriends, one lasting several years, and lost my virginity at a normal age. This was definitely the best part of my life. I realized I had talent for designing things, so I decided to go to college for engineering.

Once I got to college, it all came back. I was terrified of any social interaction, and when I forced myself to participate in things anyway my mind was blank with overwhelming fear of embarassment and I just wanted to leave. I ended up spending more and more time in my room. Before long, it all came back. I can't solve any problem that requires more than a simple series of steps. Any abstract concept more advanced than division is extremely difficult for me to grasp, even if I used to understand it well. They all feel like they're on the very edge of what I can comprehend. My memory is ok with facts, but nonexistant with regards to everything else. I hide in my dorm room, playing video games or browsing reddit just to pass the time (I don't really enjoy either). I do go to class, and through pure BS powers i've been practicing my whole life I've been able to barely scrape by so far. It has been like this for more than two years now. Even if I got my degree and got a good job, I'm sure I'd feel about the same. I'm just not interested in anything.

I do have a psychiatrist, and i've been through a few psychologists and therapists along with mountains of drugs (I'm on max dose of antidepressants right now, which may be why I havn't committed suicide yet). None of them have been able to help much. Their theories so far have been: Schizophrenia, heavy drug use (never touched anything stronger than weed, and that only a few times), bipolar, generalized anxiety disorder, and recently PTSD (maybe on the right track). Every day, all day, I have this feeling of misery, boredom, stress and fear that will not go away. It slowly took the fight out of me, until about a year ago when I reached the limit of what I could take and just lost the will to live. If I had to choose between going on vacation and shooting myself in the head, I'd have to think about it. They both seem like equally attractive options.

I don't want to be told that I'm doing better than I think. That's what everyone tells me, but it's certainly not true to me and that's what matters. I'm not at all depressed in the traditional sense of ""why does anything matter, I hate my life, etc."" I just really, really don't care about anything but making my life tolerable on a day-to-day basis. Does this sound familiar to anyone? I'm not an immediate suicide risk, but I will kill myself rather than continue to live like this.

EDIT: I forgot to mention, by blank I mean I really don't feel emotions any more, I can't even think clearly. I also can't keep ideas in my head for more than a few seconds, they just get eclipsed by the blankness of the white noise that has mostly replaced my conscious mind. I'm also still really nervous all the time, so any normal conversation is quite awkward for me.

Also, during the good part of my life I mentioned, none of this was there. I was a happy, normal, well adjusted person."
"I dont really know what to say, so ill probably go on a rant. I usually get episodes of depression where I just feel like pissing everyone off and I get in arguments just to make others angry. I usually dont eat then and feel like shit. This month and some of last month have been terrible. The episodes never lasted this long and i feel lonely because no one is helping me. I am seeing a psychologist from my college and shes really nice, but I cant be fully honest with her or I will get in trouble. I cant tell her how many times a day I think about killing myself, or how many times I want to hurt other people. The only thing holding me back from killing myself is my girlfriend. I have been with her for 6 years now, but I dont feel like she cares that much. Theres just so much shit going on and I feel that one day I will snap and really off myself. I used to cut myself and stopped, but in the past 2 months i have started again, cutting deeper than ever. I just dont know what to fucking do."
"Everyday I wake up and think to myself, is all this really happening? Many days I think about suicide and whether or not it is the right thing to do. But when I think about this topic, I think, who really has the authority to say whether it is right or wrong? Whenever I brought up the idea of suicide, people would say, ""But you can't! Who will be there for me when I have problems?; who will be there to crack jokes and make me smile?"" This just makes me feel like a tool. It makes me feel as if I'm only on this Earth to amuse others. It's selfish to want to kill myself but it's also selfish to only live because others want me to isn't it? I've been a depressed person ever since my mother cheated on my father and had my little brother. Following this came the divorce of my parents. My dad lost the house and had to move out. During this time, my father drank profusely and it wasn't long until he ended up in jail for drunk driving and assaulting an officer. My father was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and major depression. A year after he was diagnosed, my grandfather died of cancer. I held his hand as he passed. This marked the first funeral I would ever attend in my lifetime. After his death, I was forced to move in with my mother and her significant other, along with my little brother and my newly born sister. At this point in time I was a Junior in high school. I would cut school all the time because I wanted some attention out of my family. I was in need of support and help because I too was bi-polar and depressed but no one really cared. Asian families aren't very sympathetic. I failed English due to absences and had to attend summer school and on the last day of summer school I came home to police cars in front of my house, along my drive way and I was so confused on what was happening. My father was murdered in cold blood. Tortured by the murderer, with his wrists nailed to the chair and multiple stabs to the chest before they finally finished him off with a clean slit to the throat. I didn't know how to feel. I was so overwhelmed and after the funeral, I was a changed person completely. I didn't eat, sleep, go to school, or go out. I found myself punching walls and inflicting pain upon myself to test if all this was real. I would walk through the halls everyday and act like nothing was wrong. I would tell myself everyday that I was okay, believing that maybe if I tell myself that, then I would be. Today, nothing has changed. I'm the same nasty, ignorant person. I'm 18 years old now and in a private university, paying for my tuition through the inheritance left my by my deceased father. My girlfriend of 1 year left me because she wanted to ""Test her limits with boys, drinking, and everything else out there that there is to experience."" She loves me but she just wants to have fun. I feel like I was predestined to be unhappy in this life. What do I have to live for now? Do I live for the friends who have their own lives to deal with, or the non-existent family that I have? Do I live for my non-existent girlfriend who just wants to be ""free""? Do I live for myself? What is there left to do now? Do I just continue to talk to people although none of it works? I'm so used to wearing a mask that I don't even know what I look like anymore. What now ..?"
"We've known each other for awhile.  We knew we had feelings for each other after a week of knowing each other (we worked together).  At first nothing happened because she was in a 4-year-old relationship, but it was growing weak before I even met her.

I am madly in love with her.  I know I want to marry her and grow old with her.  I want to eventually have a child with her, whether it be ours or we adopt.  These are things that I thought I'd never want, but there's no hesitation when it comes to her.  I want to build a life with her.

She told me early on in our relationship about some horrible experiences in her past.  She eventually told me she knew relatively early in life that she wanted to take her own life eventually.  This was shocking to hear, of course.  Granted, I've wanted to commit suicide at several points in my life, and I continue to battle with depression.  It's just different when you're in love with someone, and that someone wants to do it.  She made it seem at first, though, that she would kill herself rather than die old, i.e., when she was 60.  This was still very hard to hear, since I want her to live a long, happy life.  We both have gone through a series of bad events in our life (like being fired by an insane boss for simply wanting to have a meeting).  As a result, we've both lost health insurance, and she cannot get a prescription for effexor at an affordable price.  

At the same time, she doesn't even want to take effexor now that she's off of it.  She doesn't think that she'll ever get better.  She does not want to live.  She owns a handgun, and she expressed the desire to kill herself in the woods.  It's so hard for me to handle this.  I want her to get help, but she refuses.  I want to tell someone, even if it means her hating me.  I don't have contact with her parents, though.  I'm sure I could contact her family somehow, but I am scared of losing her (despite my previous statement).  This is tearing me up.  I can't sleep.  I'm stressed out.  I'm so worried about her.  And I wonder if I would even want to live if she did this to herself.  She has become my reason for living; my sole source of happiness.

I don't know what to do in this situation.  I have no one to confide in about this.  I don't want to be extreme with her so as to push her away.  I freaked out crying, not able to make coherent speech, and she refused to talk about it because of this.  I calmed down and listened to her and tried to ask her why she wouldn't ask for her parents' help to pay for medication or why she wouldn't seek medication + therapy.  In the end it just kept coming back to she didn't want to live.  I didn't want to push past that (why don't you want to live) because I know that would make things worse.         


EDIT:
I want to thank everyone for their support and responses.  There were some common themes in the responses, and I thought it would be easier to address it here.

-She was on effexor, but we both lost our health insurance.  Regardless of this, she doesn't want to take it any more; she refuses to take it.  I have noticed a distinct change in her off of it.

-She refuses to talk to anyone about this.  She wouldn't even go in depth with it to me, but I made her talk to me about it.  She's made up her mind.

-She has known that she was going to do this for a long time now, more than a decade even though we're in our mid 20s.  So even though it only takes a quick decision and action to use the gun, she's been thinking about it for a long time; she's had the gun for many months now.  She knows that this is a conscious decision on her own part.  She cares about people, but she doesn't care about their opinion on her decision to do this.  

-I have no idea where the gun is.  She lives with someone else, and I don't feel like I can just go into their place and start looking through their stuff.  I'm sure she has it locked up safely somewhere.  

-She will not give me the gun.  Telling her to give me the gun will only make her mad at me.  She will not talk about the gun.      "
"I have been very depressed for the past few months now, and have been having frequent thoughts of hurting or killing myself. I am afraid to talk about this with my boyfriend, because I don't want to scare him. I feel like I have already put so much emotional weight on his shoulders...I don't have good reasons for these thoughts and cannot explain them.  I am getting professional help, and am not currently planning anything drastic, but I can't stop thinking about it. What should I do? I feel so stupid for feeling this way, but I can't help it.

EDIT: You are all right that I absolutely should tell him - I think I already knew that. Do you have any advice about how to bring it up?"
"Every day falls deeper for me. I feel like I'm in a terrible place. I haven't had a close and compassionate relationship with somebody, and my best friendships have all fallen apart due to inconsistencies and dishonesties in these friends' presentations. I have about 6 people in my phone; half of them do not respond to me. I uninstalled AIM the other day because I ran out of friends and the count of 0 was too depressing and useless for me to keep the thing. I basically have one friend right now who is kind of close, who I've had some troubles with within the past month due to her dishonesty, and while we've been trying to reconcile things, I'm trying to combat my anger the best that I can. She knows this and seems to be okay with that.

The biggest problem is that... a while back, she talked about how she cannot handle talks about people who are really depressed and/or suicidal. And as of the past two weeks, I've been having these insanely depictive fantasies of killing myself. The idea nutures me. I am at my happiest when I think it might happen. And that frightens me and I want to talk to this friend about it, but I just can't bring it up because I'm afraid she'll shut me out or avoid me, and it'll just make me feel worse.

For the record, I am thinking rationally and feeling irrationally, and my fear is that it will capsize at any second. I have a lot of self-awareness, but I can't help but feel terrible because of how worthless I feel. I haven't met anybody since moving up to my college town. I've recently become the target of a group of internet trolls, so now the sites I frequent can't even be my source/outlet of relief. I just... I don't know what to do.

Something that also bothers me is that I haven't been able to cry once in the past five months (literally, five months from today). I feel like it would help. But I can't. And I've tried. And I don't know how else to relieve myself and... I'm rambling. Sorry.

**TL;DR**: I have almost no friends. I'm lonely. My only friend can't handle talks like this, but I feel like I need someone I'm close to in order to feel better from a talk. My view coming in is that I'm worthless. I want to cry.

Someone please help me. I feel like this last bit of hope is running out."
"I'm 26.   I'm male.  I'm single.  I'm unemployed.   I have a free ticket through college (it's paid for), but I have no desire to attend.   I don't even have a desire to get out of bed in the morning.

I've thought about killing myself since I was about 15.   Back then there were days when I was happy - I could do activities and get enjoyment out of them.

I seem to have lost that ability.   Even the things that I know *cerebrally* that I should be enjoying don't actually make me feel even the slightest differently than I normally do, which is sort of an all-encompassing, blanketing depression that keeps everything at a dull distance.

The only time I've noticed a change in this state in the last several years was a few months ago when I slept with a girl I had a brief fling with.   Naturally I fell hard.   I leave it up to you to decide whether I was falling for her or for the way she made me feel.  Maybe both.   She suddenly stopped talking to me one day (she never knew about my depression or suicidal ideations, I've kept this absolutely secret from everyone, even my best friend) and though I've tried to tell myself that pursuing her won't change anything, I still feel like shit.

I don't know what I want to do with my life, I've never had any direction or career ambitions or even a dream like ""I want to build a house"" or ""I wanna paint a self portrait"".   If Tyler Durden asked me today ""what do you want to do before you die"" I wouldn't have an answer for him.     There is nothing that I want to do.   Besides stopping this incessant feeling of worthlessness, aimlessness and isolation.

I've come up with a couple of different plans.   I think the easiest would be to get a handgun license, buy a handgun, and just keep it around ""for self defense"" - I live in a pretty bad part of town so it wouldn't raise any eyebrows among my roommates if I got one.

I wouldn't want to do it here in the apartment though - just because I want to end my own life doesn't mean I'm rude enough to make my friends deal with the mess.   I'd probably drive my car out to some secluded place, maybe the playground near the power plant at the lake that I used to play at when I was a kid.   I'd get to sit and think for as long as I wanted without anyone bothering me that way, and then pull the trigger when I was good and ready.   Maybe during the sunset, who knows.  

I just know that if I do this I have to do it right the first time.  No ""cry for help"" nonsense, no getting hauled off to some mental ward for observation until they're convinced I'm ""better"".   There is no ""better"".   I'm suicidal because my life is empty and meaningless, not because I'm not taking some pill or because I'm not getting enough hugs from a $400/hour therapist.

And I really do mean it's empty and meaningless.   I bring nothing to the table.  I'm not funny, I'm not half as smart as my inflated ego likes to think (the same inflated ego that is my ONLY defense against this crushing despair), if I'm attractive I'm not attractive enough for it to make a difference, and I'm sure as hell not motivated or ambitious.

I don't improve any of the lives I touch.   At best I'm a quiet observer around friends and family, at worst a fount of negativity to be avoided during my worse moments.

When you have a negative net effect on the world around you, it's really the responsible thing to do to remove yourself from it.

Anyway, I don't suspect anything people write here is going to change anything.    I really just typed this up to get my thoughts organized and figure out my next step.

Pills are worthless, they take too long, are incredibly painful, and quite often fail resulting in a trip to the hospital and a stomach full of charcoal.    They're a coward's method, for people who're afraid of a mess.   

The messy ways are the only reliable ones.  

I'd been toying with the idea of going skydiving and just not pulling my chute until I realized how many tandem jumps I'd have to do before I'd be allowed to go up without being strapped to another jumper.

So it looks like a handgun is the way to go.   Shouldn't be outside my budget.  I'll pass any background checks they do - I've had security clearances before so I know I'm good as far as the federal government and law enforcement are concerned.

I think I'll go scout out that playground I mentioned earlier.  I haven't been there in years but when I think about it, it reminds me of happier times.   I can't think of any better place.   

My only real regret is that my parents are still alive to experience the pain of losing me - I'm my dad's only child, and even though he's never been much of a father it'll still hurt him.  He deals with enough depression as it is having lost his job years ago and moved in with my grandmother just to pay the bills.   My mom has one other child, my older sister (she and I have different dads), and while my sister would be merely upset and angry about it my mom would be utterly devastated.

She's watched me go from an extremely bright but very troubled child to a confused, angry and impatient teenager to (what she thinks is) a well-adjusted, successful, disciplined adult.   She would be completely blindsided by it.    Will be completely blindsided by it.

Yeah, it's selfish to put all of these people through pain just so I can end mine.   Nature of the beast.

I just wonder if I should bother writing them notes or if that would make things worse for them.

I doubt any of the women I've loved will ever find out what happened to me.   I doubt they'd really care if they did.   They have their own lives and the people in them.  

I suppose I can be thankful that the impact my death will have on the people around me will be minimized by the fact that I really don't know anyone anymore.  My cellphone has 8 numbers on it, more than half of which are immediate family members.   The friends on there I never call.   They never call me.   No one invites wallflowers to parties.

I guess the part that slightly irritates me is the thought that maybe if things had happened a little differently as I was growing up, maybe if I'd been encouraged in the right ways, challenged, that I would've embraced the world around me instead of walling myself off from it.   Maybe in another universe I went on to do something worthwhile, maybe even great.  Probably not.   This is probably genetic, and this was probably going to happen no matter what people did for me.

Can't have winners without losers.   Can't have good without bad, day without night, joy without pain.   This is apparently my role, so I'm going to see it through.

I won't be a retard about it like that stupid fuck who shot up that gym because he thought women just weren't giving him a chance (can't be arsed to look up the link, but if you guys have been paying attention to the news you'll know the one I'm referencing).

I don't have a grudge against anyone.   This doesn't involve anyone else.   I just want my own life over with.   And I don't want to wait another 40-60 years of pain for it to happen.   At least this way I can die in my prime (or during the tail end of it anyway) and go out young and healthy instead of rotting away in some hospital bed with no children or friends to visit me.

I'll post here again when I've got my gun purchased.    If I'm feeling particularly froggy I might even post a pic of it (but I'll have the serial number obscured, so don't get any ideas).  It'll probably be a few weeks."
"Seriously. Examine the world we are thrust into. It's an opt out system, how can anyone argue that death could possibly be any worse than life? This race of ours, floating around on this meaningless dirt clod... no. No, suicide is the only rational choice, right?"
I stocked up on Vitamin D and Fish oil. Did I forget anything? This time of year is always pretty rough. You're not alone if you feel the same.
"My doctor has repeatedly asked if I have ever had suicidal thoughts. I have said no each time because I worry if it would prevent him prescribing me the antidepressants, stick me in a mental home or some how the information get revealed to my family causing them to worry more.

Way before I even sore the doctor of what I simply called depression I was told that I ""should talk to someone"". I'm kinda mixed these days on what to to do. I try to not let my mum worry about me but today I said I was late for work and feeling extra down yesterday.

Even though my plan A was overdose and my family and doctor don't know about my 'exit strategy' (a bag of pills), I told my mum that I had this recurring dream lately about putting my head through a noose and making a slight leap, and how I suddenly figured out the location of the place in my dream was the big building I work in.

I now think she may be worrying a lot more. I've never been good with any sort of decision and regret every option I take. From simple stuff like which brand of yogurt should I buy to this complex suicidal thoughts thing.

As I'm the crazy kind who doesn't give a shit for life/death and considers one a long pain, and the other the freedom of void nothingness, what's the best way to communicate to people who play the life game?"
"After the most hellish 2 months of my life, which included being hospitalized for an incurable virus without health insurance (without the week long hospital stay the virus would have killed me), breaking my foot which limits my movement, and all this having been unemployed for more than a year. 

I have just had my unemployment insurance taken away. This was because I was unable to fill out the forms while in hospital. 

I have no job, no boyfriend or partner, no money, mounting debt to hospitals, very little strength left, and no hope for any kind of future. I am 32 years old and completely demoralized. There is nothing waiting for me in my future except more pain. 

My own society has rejected me in the final way possible and judged me to be unfit to live as a normal productive member. 

I have more problems than I can handle and no hope that I can emerge in a better place. There is not enough help for me. The only reason I haven'g killed m7yself (I do have enough pills to fatally injure myself) is because I don't want anyone to have to clean me up and I don't knowe what to wear. PLease please talk to ome if you can. This bottle of pills is my very last chance I think."
It is starting to turn into something I think about all the time.  I always think about killing myself and suicide.  My life right now is horrible and has been for a very long time.  I am only 19 but I honestly don't have anything to live for.  I have no friends despite trying my best to make friends this year.  I also have no job and never had a job in my life.  I also think I might be seriously mentally ill plus I have depression.  I am seeing a therapist who isn't that helpful.  I really think I will kill myself within a few years.  If things don't get better I can't see myself living any more.
"I don't know my own mind.

Sometimes I feel fine. I think ahead to what I want to do with my life, my family, my friends, etc. I forget what happened for a little while.

But then, out of absolutely nowhere, I am crippled on the floor of some bathroom stall, sobbing until I'm dry heaving over the toilet. The images of him having sex with another woman absolutely will not leave my mind until I draw blood. I opened my heart to him and it took ALL of my willpower and trust, and he betrayed me FOUR times, after three long, wonderful, perfect years together.

He's begging for help and forgiveness. He told me about what he did of his own free will. He's going in for counseling. He's a mess. But he's getting ""better"" faster than I am, and it just makes me so angry. He needs to suffer like I am--but I still love him with my whole heart and don't want to hurt him. He's the most important person in my life, and I in his, he says. Somehow I just don't think he grasps the magnitude of his actions, of how painful it was to have my heart ripped apart again--and this time, by someone I'd have laid down my life for.

Thursday I took 4 mg of clonazepam in one sitting. I apparently was awake and having conversations with people for a while before I blacked out. I don't remember anything from that night or any of Friday. I couldn't walk without falling until today, when I finally regained my coordination.

Tonight I drank along with my Lithium. I slit my wrists, bled a lot, but couldn't get deep enough no matter how hard I tried. My roommates hid all of the medicine and knives.

I can't afford a hospital stay. The side of me that still looks forward to the future doesn't want to lose the time that she needs to finish her degree and become a good teacher, because her career is really looking up right now...

**tl;dr** There are two people in my head and one of them is trying really hard to kill me."
Will 15 5-325mg percocets be enough to kill me if I take them all at once?
"I really don't feel like giving a big, long intro.  I'm sick of telling stuff to one person after another.

Essentially, I hate myself.  I have absolutely no value to myself.  Thus, the only thing validates my existence is the value I bring to others.  Unfortunately, I feel none of this.  I feel that my disappearance from the earth would have more than a marginal effect on only my parents.  No one else cares enough for it to be more than a blip on the radar.  Frankly, the only thing that has kept me from ending it right now is the guilt of devastating my parents.

The thing I keep being told is that to get other people to care about me (especially in a romantic manner), I must care about myself first.  However, I don't care about myself.  I hate myself, and I find myself without value.  Because of this, I can't bring others to care.  If I don't care about me, and others don't care, what's the point?

Yes, I have been to multiple psychologists, psychiatrist, therapy groups, etc.  I have been on all sorts of meds for depression, anxiety, ADHD.  While some things have helped temporarily, the only real thing they have done is given me a medicine cabinet full of drugs that are becoming increasingly tempting to overdose with.

Fear and guilt being the only things that keep me alive is only going to last so long.  Every night, I look at a knife, I look at the pill bottles, and each night I get closer to reaching for them.

Yes I have friends that will be there for me tonight if I want to use them, but none that will stay by me for a long time.  If I use my friend tonight and tomorrow night, then what about the next?  Eventually, I'm just putting the weight of my life on another person (something I've already been confronted with by one friend), and turning the relationship toxic.

I need someone to stand by my side.  Someone to journey with me, to go running with me or play tennis with me or just talk when I am feeling lonely and miserable.  Someone who I can call at 2 in the morning when I am ready to end it.  Someone who will be there for me because they want to see me get better, not just because they don't want to be responsible for my death.  Unfortunately, that someone doesn't exist.  It's asking more of any one person than is reasonable.

I don't want to call a suicide line, find another psychologist, etc, as I am sick of sharing the same story over and over only to get the same responses.  I don't want someone I have to wait a week to tell the events in my life.  I want someone by my side, but that's unrealistic.

So, to summarize, I find no value in my life, no one else finds value in my life because I don't find value in my life, the only thing keeping me alive is the guilt and fear of the unknown and pain my death will cause my parents, and that guilt and fear is becoming less of a deterrent each day.  I want to stop fighting this nightly battle.  Sure, I may make it through tonight, but to what end?  So I can fight a more severe battle tomorrow?  The only relief in sight is death."
"Back again, unfortunately. It's incredibly depressing when I realize that the current state of my life is the best that it has ever been. I decided that the best time to die would be on the day of my next birthday, to keep anyone that cares from having an extra day to feel heartbroken over. I know that what I'm thinking about doing will devastate a few of the people in my life, but I want to think about myself for once. The only problem is that I don't even know if I can make it the next few months until that date. Life doesn't seem to be getting any better, and I know that it won't unless I actually get out there and make things better myself. I'm just too damn tired to keep fighting anymore. 

For the past few years I've know that I wanted to be a research scientist. I've been going through the program with a decent enough GPA even though I started a little late. Going after my dream in life has helped divert the thoughts. It probably all comes from my incredibly social awkwardness brought on from an anxiety disorder that I take medication for. 

I don't have any specific questions besides asking what I can do to be more socially active and by asking for advice on how to keep the suicidal thoughts down while I try to fix myself. Kinda just needed to let it out, I guess. "
"Yet another best friend has decided they don't want to know me, despite me caring about them more than anything in the world. I can't change their mind and not for lack of trying.

I got a shot at my dream job only to find out it's not enough to live on. And that it'll take two years before I start to earn anywhere near enough.

I have PTSD from my childhood of abuse.

I have spent my whole life fighting to try and achieve things, yet I'm all alone and nobody wants to help, except professionals.

Those professionals say it will get better. But they've been telling me that for about 10 years and it hasn't.

I want the hurt to go away.

What else is there?

Edit: and I rang my dad, who just told me ""you just need to harden up and get through it."""
"I started the night with an [AMA post](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/e699p/iama_severely_bipolar_computer_programmer_ama/) about my bipolar disorder, hoping for some catharsis and release.

It hasn't helped.


The night has dragged on and become progressively worse. I've tried talking to a couple of people but they just can't begin to understand the depths of what I'm dealing with; to them, I'm just defeatist, just being difficult, just choosing to remain unhappy when I could so easily find some way to ""get better.""

My family is deeply religious; I'm an atheist. I can't talk to them anymore because all they want to do is preach to me about how if I would just turn to God all this would go away.

So here I am... I'm not ready to do anything yet, but I've been down this road far too many times over the past decade, and I know the warning signs. It won't take long before I'm making serious preparations for being gone.


I feel abandoned and alone, like nobody would ever *want* to care. Like all I do is frustrate everyone around me until they give up on me in disgust... or maybe just keep banging their heads against the brick wall of the disease out of some twisted sense of biological obligation.

I just want to feel like someone gives a shit.

It should say plenty about my state of mind that I'm turning to a community of anonymous strangers for support.

I don't know what to do anymore, so here it is. Anything you've got is deeply appreciated."
"The reason I am posting this is because I was homeless for two years and some random strangers helped me back on my feet.  I would like to pay it forward, at least three times. I've helped one person and I'd like to help two more.

Who are you? What's wrong? Would it help if I showed up with dinner and a hug? Give me a PM, it's all right, someone out there is willing to give up enough  to give you a hand.  Please PM me, I will be there."
"It looks like we have some new redditors helping out here on suidiewatch.  We are so grateful to everyone who shares their time and compassion!  But we have an administrative challenge where some of the new folks are messaging us, and we are replying to them with questions or comments and never hearing back.  **Please remember to check your messages**, especially if you have messaged us, as it's the only way we have to communicate privately with you!

Thanks to all from the moderators."
"http://i.imgur.com/Neblk.jpg

If we have more people checking /r/Depression also, we might be able to stop the OP from even going to /r/SuicideWatch, but instead be there in the beginning, that way the more they can talk and get help the less likely they ever consider Suicide. Thanks, let's go help some people. "
"I don't have the desire to kill myself, nor do I think I will try, or even self-harm. But I am consumed with despair and loneliness, and I can't share this intense desire to go to sleep and never wake up again.

I'm so tired. I'm tired of everything. I can't face the idea of killing myself, but I'm so tired I want something terrible to happen to me so I'll either die or be hospitalized so I'll have a valid excuse to REST.

My life is becoming pretty awesome, but the awesomeness has come with a heavy burden of work and trauma that has drained me more than I've been able to deal with. I have sacrificed hanging out with my friends in exchange for not failing school or my job (which I pretty much did anyway), and now I feel they've become resentful of everything I do. If I talk about the good times, I get angry lectures to ""be careful bringing stuff like that up when you haven't even hung out with us for a month"". If I try to explain the bad times, I get lectures on how, well, THEY have problems too, it's not like I'm the only one; *SHE* had a suicidal episode (again, part of why I started failing school: worry) and *I* have a supportive boyfriend (who I spend too much time with and why doesn't he hang out with US as well when no one bothers to make him feel anything but unwelcome), etc.  It should probably also be mentioned that I have anxiety. It's also probably worth mentioning that my closest ""friend"" (who is responsible for most of the parentheses'd comments above, and the sort of squeaky wheel of the group) has two separate anxiety diagnoses and well as mild OCD, and is on medication right now that is turning her into a vindictive, petty, aggressive doppelganger of the person I once knew. Everything that happens with me, she automatically has it worse. I love her like a sister and always will, but she's being a pretty fucking annoying sibling right now.

I've dropped three out of four classes, lost credibility in my job, and I'm about to go to school with my final project unfinished and no more excuses to tell my professor. I have to be at my job in 50 minutes and I have to put on a happy face for a client I don't want to see, when all I want to do is stay here, cry, and just get my actual WORK done. I WANT to live, I WANT to get things done, I'm SO HAPPY about where my life is going. But where my life is RIGHT NOW...? I feel like it's killing me.

I am at my breaking point. All of these thoughts of falling under buses or injuring myself just to get into the hospital (even though I know I don't have the guts to) stem from just a desire to REST and have it be UNDERSTOOD how BADLY I AM DOING RIGHT NOW. I feel like I've built myself up as someone with No Real Problems, or at least someone who overreacts to small problems, and I'm terrified that if I tell my professor I didn't get the work done because I spent the entire weekend fantasizing about getting hit by cars, I'll get committed, make everyone worry, not be allowed to finish my work, and fuck up everything entirely. My family cannot afford therapy for me, but if it gets known how I'm feeling they will put me back in it anyway, and sacrifice the planned move to a new house that I'm confident will give me the fresh start I need.

I'm desperate for rest and escape, and I feel like a public (i.e. teacher and/or family) confession will either jeopardize the awesome future I see over the horizon, or simply not be believed.

Either way, I need to leave for work now or risk finally losing my job. I'm going to muscle through for a few hours, and check in later. I honestly don't know if this will help or not, but I need to finally have my say.

I'm tired of everything, and it terrifies me that I almost don't care anymore."
"The only emotions I feel are loneliness and sadness. I can't remember the last time I ever felt joy, excitement, nervousness, embarrassed.. I just feel empty inside. I lye awake at night wishing that I simply won't wake up in the morning and when I do a little piece more of me fades away. I'll just sit and randomly start crying. I feel like I'm just existing. I don't know what to do or if it's even worth doing anything about it."
"Is almost two decades of depression not enough? It comes and goes without reason. Nothing I do gets rid of it. Sometimes it feels like I'm about to cry all the time, but I just can't. There's a constant tension without any release and it's torturing me. There is no way to escape from it alive. This feels like being constantly choked, but never dying or fainting. What is the point of this?"
"I don't have any friends - they've all moved on to do their own things.  The acquaintances I have are rude, inconsiderate, and/or only think of themselves.  I work from home doing something different every day because none of my leaders know what's going on and just missed out on the only opportunity I'll have in a very very long time, if ever, at a position I am practically made to do.  Not because I wasn't promoted for it - but because I didn't know the position had finally opened.

My only escape is World of Warcraft where I run a great guild... that just split in 2 and all the people I thought were my friends left to join the other half without me.. and without saying anything to me.  Sure, they left their alts with me, but they never play those toons... The only other things I like to do is sew and play ukulele, but I have nothing to sew and I just can't bring myself to play any music.

I feel so abandoned and confused and I don't have any escape to relax and collect my thoughts.  I don't really need advice, just a friend.. just someone to listen to me rather than trying to compare their terrible life to mine.  No, I haven't been raped or lost my family to suicide or divorce or any other text book pity me story.  

I'm just really very sad and lonely and I need a friend right now."
"I don't even know where to start.. 
Since I was young I wanted to beccome a musician. Play in bands, write songs, make records. Became quite good at playing guitar, making music at the computer, singing, but I can't be bothered anymore. I don't even like listening to music anymore. Most of the time it just sounds like random words set to random notes. I used to read a lot. But again, its just random words put on paper to me.
Nothing is fun anymore. I don't feel like doing anything. I do have some friends. But I don't like spending time with them. I've been dissapointed by them a lot and I think they don't even like me. Maybe they even hate me. I've done stupid stuff in the past. Said some stupid things..
I'm constantly thinking theres something odd about me. Always checking my face in the mirror. Adjusting my clothes. When people look at me I think I can see it in their faces, ""Fucking creep"" or whatever they are thinking.
When I'm at work I'm thinking about all the great things I can do when I get home but when I finally arrive I don't want to do anything.
Again, don't know why I'm writing this. I don't think theres help for me. It hurts to write that but right now I'm just waiting a little more until I finally have the balls to kill myself..

And now I feel really stupid writing all that shit."
[removed]
"Hi guys,

So I've been lurking r/depression and r/suicidewatch for a little while now and made my first contributions tonight. Volunteering my time has always been something important to me, but I've been struggling to find an opportunity that fits with my schedule.

I've decided today that I will spend a minimum of 2 hours a week on these two boards, hopefully more. Hopefully you find talking to me helpful :)"
"I've lost all interest in living. I don't enjoy being with people and have effectively alienated myself from all my friends. My mind is completely out of control. I can't access or control my own thoughts or emotions and it feels like I'm stuck in a broken consciousness. Rather than fear death, I anticipate it. I want to feel, do, and be nothing. I called a crisis hotline and they just told me how bad I must be feeling, it really wasn't any help. Most of the people I've talked to dismiss it as a minor thing. The ones who care don't know how to help and have their own problems to deal with. I'm equipped with multiple ways to kill myself, and fully expect to die by the end of the year. "
"Well I'm not sure how to start, so here goes:

I received a text from a friend/co-worker today while I was at work. It was her saying that she wanted to kill herself. This is the second time she has done this in the last couple weeks. The first time, I told her that this will pass, that things will get better, etc. I think she refuses to believe me. The thing is, I'm not sure if she can actually do it.

Every time I ask her whats wrong when she tells me she has a problem, she says ""Nothing."". Every damn time. I can't figure out what is going on if she can't open up and tell me what is bothering her. It's frustrating. Every damn time that she feels bad, she just self-deprecates more. I tell her not to kick herself while she is down, but she says it's fine. Really?

/r/SuicideWatch, I am asking you what I should do. I want her to feel better. Being as honest as I can be, I don't want to be in this position. I'm tired of trying and getting nowhere. I will do what it takes, but I don't want to be here. I feel like I can't be trusted to take this on. What is the best course of action to take?"
"It's strange. I've been depressed before, but I've never felt this dead on the inside. Normally I'm just upset or frustrated when I get depressed, but this time I feel no emotions. Just the tired feeling of wanting to end it all. I feel like I'm just trudging through life, burdened by responsibilities. Life hasn't let me stop and enjoy myself for more than a few hours for the past three months. And it's killing me on the inside. I want a full day of doing absolutely nothing with no worries. I want a full week of me doing whatever I choose. It seems as if I will never get that. I will never escape."
"Hey /sw, I have been lurking for quite sometime now. Just trying to build up the confidence to ask for help.  I guess I'll start off with a little background info, I am a 21 year old male of average build and a little on the short side.  I always did pretty well in school, as long as the class didn't require much outside work. I also was a 4 season athlete beginning in the 3 grade.  I have never really had to try at anything thankfully. Even girls were never really a problem.  I dated a few girls throughout high school, one of them pretty seriously, we went out for about 2 years that was the last time I really remember feeling anything really.  But, anyway, here's my story, sorry about the wall of text.
   

I was first diagnosed with depression at the end of my junior year of high school but, I have been struggling with it most of, if not all of, my life.  I have considered suicide as a viable option for a number of years.  The first time I really thought about it seriously for the first time in the 6th grade.  My parents found out about these thoughts for the first time when they walked in on me with a razor-blade to my wrist.  I was sent into counseling for the first time the next day.  I told the therapist that it was just the only way I could think to ask for help, it was a lie, I was afraid that if I said anything about how I really felt I would be committed.  I was quickly put on antidepressants, I met with a counselor almost weekly until I graduated, I learned a number of techniques to help me deal with stress and all that jazz. My counselor thought I would be fine on my own at the private school I decided to attend the fall of '08.  I rocked my first semester there with ease.  I aced all my classes had plenty of friends, partied all the time. But, on the inside, I was dead. I didn't care about any of it. I just wanted it all to end. My second semester didn't go so well, I was exhausted from faking everything.  I began to trouble getting out of bed.  I just couldn't do it. I started to bring a razor-blade to the showers each mourning hoping I would be able to build up the courage to face the unknown and embrace death once and for all.  I had also sent an email to my sister, she and I are quite close.  I explained that what I had been doing, considering suicide.  She told my parents about it and they immediately picked me up and brought me to the hospital.  I was quickly transferred to a facility specializing in mental illness.  This was the most terrifying place I have ever been. I was released the next day because I had a final that would allow me to pass the class if I attended.  At the end of the semester I was able to pass 2 of my 4 classes with C's, this was seen as a big failure in the eyes of my family.  Anyway, I transferred my credits to the local state university and began to attend there the very next semester.  About half way through the semester I broke down and dropped all my classes. I re-enrolled the next semester at a reduced course load, I did well.  I also joined a club on campus, and gained a bunch of new friends.  The next semester I crashed again, I came very close to ending it all, but ended up talking to my sister once again, she talked me out of it.  Here I am once again, tired as ever, wanting it all to be over.  I have built a neat house of lies, but its about to collapse.  I stopped going to classes, unable to get out of bed to get to them. I just don't want to do this anymore. I am sick of failing. What can I do? My parents gave me an ultimatum the last time I dropped out. Either pass all my classes or they would have me committed. I don't want to go back to that place. I rather end it all. What should I do?"
"I recently had a bad split with my girlfriend of 1 yr. I'm an out-of-stater, and I feel really, really alone. More alone than I felt as a freshman, when everything was shiny and new and hopeful. Now, as a junior, I feel like there isn't a lot of time left to start a meaningful relationship, and so all I have left are my studies. My family is 3,000 miles away, and while I love my girlfriend far more than my friends (who get annoying pretty quickly), I asked her for a second chance (even though I didn't do the act that caused the break-up), and she denied me. She's happy being single. Nothing I can do, I guess.

For the past week, I've zoned out on a bus or in my friend's car and thought about what it would be like to be in a devastating wreck. Actually, it was wet out and we had to swerve to avoid something, and my friends in the car got startled, but I laughed at them. It was entirely inappropriate.

I've never wondered what it would be like to be dead. I don't think I'm completely suicidal, but wanting to be run over, or thinking about stepping in front of a city bus isn't exactly normal.

Should I contact the mental health clinic on campus? Maybe just having someone to talk to would make me feel less betrayed and alone."
"I'm not pulling the metaphorical trigger quite yet, but I am ready to, and I wanted to make sure that I had my note written by that point so that I could explain somewhat to my parents why I did what I did.  I'm posting it here so that anybody who has any advice that could help me has an opportunity to present it before I finally end it all.

""Mom and Dad,

I am writing this while I still have the mental faculties to do it.  I don't necessarily know if I am going to kill myself today or tomorrow or next week or at all.  Thus, I did not necessarily write this note on the day that you found it.  Instead, I am keeping it with me as a precaution, since when I decide to pull the metaphorical trigger, I want to make sure that you at least have somewhat of an explanation, which should hopefully gain you some closure.

First and foremost, I am so sorry that I decided to be so selfish.  Mom, I know I promised you that I would not kill myself while you were alive, but the guilt of the pain my death would cause was no longer powerful enough to combat the pain and grief that I have been dealing with.  I was to the point where I was simply biding my time until you died so I had the clearance to kill myself, and eventually the waiting itself was too painful.

Secondly, this is not your fault.  The two of you were fantastic parents.  I know you would be there for me in my every need, but eventually, I needed to stop being taken care of by my parents.  Unfortunately, no one else including myself could fill that role.  I needed an ally to walk with me, not eternal caretakers.  I needed something that you simply could not give me.

My relationships are disastrous.  I am sick of feeling like a leech to all my friends, so scared of pushing them away that I push them away.  I am sick of being rejected by one person after another.  While I have multiple friends for whom I would drop everything and stand by their side for weeks if they were in need or in danger, I clearly don't have any friends that are willing to do the same for me.  No one knows how to deal with a suicidal friend.  Everything I've heard to this point is “call this number to talk to someone,” “talk to your therapist,” “don't be alone.”  However, nobody is willing to stand by me.  Basically, every one of my friends wants me to get help in that “I'll pray for you” manner.  They want me to get help, but they don't want to be the one actually standing by my side.

The fact that I can't get a woman that I have any interest in to even give me a chance coupled with the fact that I don't have any friends who are willing to get in the trenches with me and help drag me out is just proof to me that I am hopeless with relationships.  I get hurt each time.

I'm sick of getting up off the metaphorical mat and getting knocked down again.  Each time I like a girl and give myself hope she'll give me a second thought only to have her turn me down hurts so badly.  Each time I am up in the middle of the night aching for an ally only to realize I have no one to turn to aches so deeply.  Every time I get my hopes up and stand up, I get knocked back down.  Well, I don't want to get knocked down again.  I don't want to get up off the mat.  I want to throw in the towel and not subject myself to any more blows.

I simply don't have the energy to endure any more blows while waiting until my death won't hurt you.  I pray you'll forgive me.  I know this will hurt you forever, and I wish I were less self-absorbed so that I would take that into account, but I am simply in too much pain to deal with it any more.  I love you guys, and I am sorry that it had to end this way.""

If you want any more information about me, I posted yesterday as well.

Edit: I know just like my last post, I posted and then didn't respond to answers.  The issue is that I am posting late at night when the loneliness is at its worst and I am exhausted.  Since good answers typically take time to come, I end up falling asleep.  Then I get up and feel better in the morning, not great, but at least not at my wit's end.  I also end up going to work, and thus I don't have a lot of time to respond.  Just know that I am reading everything you guys are writing and I really appreciate the encouragement."
"
Here's a link to my original post. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/e2rq1/how_do_things_get_better/

Tonight I was going to hang out with my ex.  I thought maybe we could just start hanging out once a week or so, be friends, see how things went, didn't work.  Found out she is dating a guy friend of hers that I've suspected she liked all along.  I feel sick to my stomach, I have no one to talk to.  I called a hotline already tonight but I feel awkward if I'm only calling just because I dont want to be alone.  Help?"
"untill last night, I always considered suicide as a way out for myself if things ever got too hard, (and I've been close in the past) but now I'm witnessing what it does to the ones left behind, I don't think I could.

What scares me the most is that this man was so confident, brave, appeared to be great at everything he did. I admired him more than most people I've met. It just shows that even the best can be ruined by this shit hole of a society we live in. I hate this world, but I'll cling on just to protect my family from enduring more pain than they already have to.

Rest well, and I hope where you are is better than here x"
"Well, not my only other friend, but the only one that's close enough that I would have turned to them at a time like this.  Now I kind of want to be around someone but the only 2 people I was counting on for support are the problem.

This is what I would call a stupid reason for contemplating killing myself.  But, I don't know.  I have a history.

Before I met my wife I couldn't imagine a future for myself.  I was a college dropout who had never had a steady job, a serious relationship or much of a social network to support me at all really.  The plan was ""figure something out for myself, I guess, or give up some day.""  This sounds like a sign of depression but I never saw a doctor about it.

Well anyway, things took an upturn about 8 years ago when I met her.  2 years ago we finally got married.  She got a job halfway around the world and I followed her here.  Even if I haven't been a perfect proud productive little member of society, at least I've been doing all right and keeping my chin up.

But now I'm thinking back to my little plan for dealing with a life that never seems to go down the right track.  It never left the back of my mind, I suppose.  I've always loved to quit.  If the going gets tough, I give up and go home.  This is the ultimate way to quit and for some reason the logic has always appealed to me.

Anyway, I don't know why I'm having such a strong reaction, but since she told me I've started to think about how to die.  I'm really thinking about it a lot.  I haven't consciously decided that I ""want to"", but I can tell that the subconscious part of my mind that makes decisions is divided.  Part of me wants to quit, part of me doesn't.

I think the main reason against is that I can easily imagine it killing my mother, too.  She's getting older now, her health isn't perfect, and she just loves me so much.  My parents wanted children but had to try for 10 years just to get one, me, and when I think about it, it would be unconscionable to throw that away.  I'm so pragmatic that I know *I* can't regret it, after I cease to exist, but right now just the thought of hurting my mom like that is what's kept me from doing anything.  I guess I need to think about her more, to keep the downside in my mind.

Well, I don't know, reddit.  I just wanted to tell somebody what I'm feeling right now.  I'm really pretty shocked, and I'm surprised at myself for so seriously entertaining this notion so quickly.  I think I'm pulling back from it but... I wanted to put some words down and make that idea concrete.  Thanks.  I think it helps.  I hope it helps.  What the hell am I going to do with this situation anyway?  Jesus."
"I'm not really sure what I came here to say.  I'm feeling very lost.  I feel so very alone all the time.  I can't stop crying, even when I think I'm holding it together ok, I find tears leaking down my cheeks.  I wake up in the middle of the night sobbing.  I spend hours every morning crying just to get out of bed.  I've started having nightmares again.  I am just so tired.  I'm tired of everything and I just don't want to get up any more.  I don't want to kill myself, I just don't want to be here any more.  I keep having thoughts of slitting my wrists, something I did as a teenager but failed miserably at (cut the wrong direction).  I spent most of last night thinking of how to kill myself without causing my roommate any serious inconvenience.  I figured I'd lock my bedroom door, and leave a note on the door telling him to call the police, and not to try and get in it would save him from anything too gruesome. I could put down tarp to protect the floor from blood, and empty my bank accounts and leave the cash on the kitchen table so that he can make rent until he's able to find a roommate to replace me.  Then I spent some time thinking about how pathetic, small and empty my life is, that my biggest concern about killing myself is inconveniencing my roommate.  Most people have attachments to worry about, I really don't.  I have no real friends, my family couldn't care less about me, I'm completely alone and every day that goes by I feel less connected to this life.  I have to constantly fight with myself just to stay at work, to not get up and walk out and just give up on anything.  I hate myself, I hate what's become of me, but most of all I'm just tired.

I never really thought I'd live as long as I have.  I always figured I'd fall victim to my lifestyle long before I got this far.  I almost did I guess, and idk, scared me straight for a while.  For a while I had a renewed desire to live life to the fullest, but it faded with time.  I've never seen a psychiatrist, even though I've felt this way since I can remember.  Some days are better than others, but this over powering sense of self hatred led me to do a lot of things in my life I just can't forget now.  At the time I said I didn't care, that I could separate my actions from who I was, that it was no big deal.  I lied, I lied to myself, I lied to others, and I still lie.  I'm not fine, I never was.  I thought I wanted to spiral out of control, hit rock bottom, drown in my own bullshit, but it just didn't work out that way.  Now I'm just left with the memories of all the horrible things I did, all the things I know make me wrong and broken beyond repair.  All the things that make me impossible to love and make sure that I'll always be completely alone.  I ruined myself, and I don't want to live with the consequences any more.

I don't know what I expect to get out of this, besides maybe a few minutes of peace while I'm too busy writing out how I feel to let these thoughts kick around in my brain, destroying it. 

The sick thing is, I don't want anyone to know, so I put on a happy face, I don't talk about what is bothering me, and with the exception of my poor roommate who is stuck living with me (and therefore subject to some of my more insane moments) no one who knows me thinks there's anything wrong.  They all come to me for help with their problems, blissfully unaware that I'm the worst person to seek advice from, that I'm completely incapable of managing my own life, so only a fool would want my help in managing their's.  And despite this, despite all I do to make sure no one knows how fucked up I am, it hurts that no one does.  It hurts that no one knows I'm not ok.  I don't know why I expect them to know.  I lie to their faces, I smile, I nod, I laugh, I joke, I don't open up I don't tell them.  I guess I just want them to care enough for me not to have to ask.  It makes no sense, I know, but I just wish maybe someone would care enough to see past the facade, someone would say ""I know you're not ok, and I want to help you get through this.""  But they don't, and how could they?  I don't tell them, I hide everything and then bemoan how alone I feel.  I'm pathetic, I'm a hypocrite and I'm incredibly self centered.

I know I'm not going to kill myself, because I'm a weak person.  I am in the situation I'm in now, because I'm a weak person.  I've always been weak, I've always let myself be the victim, I've always just brought shit on myself, and then wallowed in it.  I'd rather just be a passive person in life, and let the world forget me, than actively do something to remove myself from the equation.  I'm weak, and pathetic, and I should have died a year ago.

Edit: I guess some background information.  I'm female, I'm in my mid 20's.  I have a BA, I have a full time job.  Until last January, I was working nights as a prostitute.  I was attacked and nearly killed by a client, I stopped working after that.  Since then I've had panic attacks at times, and reoccurring nightmares.  To compound this, I was suicidal since I was a small child.  I first attempted suicide at age 11.  I have never seen a psychiatrist.  Despite being like this, I managed to get my college degree (though I didn't exactly have somewhere to live the first two years of college and was being ""adventurous"" with a boyfriend, sleeping in cars, and crashing at friend's houses and eventually bumming around another part of the country for a while).  In addition to being a prostitute, I'm also a thief and during my ""adventurous"" times, I stole thousands of dollars in credit card fraud.  I also broke into houses, and one time stole $200 that a woman had sewn into her bra to prevent her husband from finding it.  I used the social security number of my ex's deceased grandmother to put utilities on at the abandoned house we were squatting in.  I cashed her pension checks after her death, by forging her signature as well. I helped a friend blackmail her father.  I helped the same friend con a family of 3 out of their life savings.  I stole the wallet of the son of someone I use to work for.  He later killed himself.  Unrelated, but I feel guilt for it nonetheless.  I justified my behavior in various ways, the people I hurt were ""bad"" people, etc.  But honestly, I was just greedy and selfish.  I'm a monster and I don't know if I can live with this knowledge any more.  

One person in my life has heard all of this.  He is the only one who knows what I'm really like, all the horrible nasty things I've done.  He's my best friend and he says that he doesn't think of me like that, he frequently tells me I'm a good person and that I'm too hard on myself.  We have a platonic relationship now, though we use to be fwb.  Lately, when he's drunk, he's wanted to be more than just friends.  I've been in love with him since I met him, and he knows this, but doesn't feel the same about me.  When he's drinking (which isn't that often, but lately has been once a week), he asks me to sleep in his room, first just to ""cuddle"" but usually to have sex as well.  I'm so desperate for human companionship, for just the feeling of someone holding me while I sleep, that I usually give in.  I try to say no, but I just want to feel something, even if it's fake, even if it's pretend, I just want someone to hold me so badly, I always give in.  This has made me feel all sorts of horrible.  Horrible because he only wants me when he's drinking, that I'm only good enough for him when he's intoxicated.  Horrible because he always asks me to agree to never speak of it again, and so I'm left remembering everything, while he gets to drunkenly sleep it off.  Horrible because he's seeing other people, and one of them is a friend of mine.  Horrible because I don't want to be that girl any more, but I keep acting like her day in and day out.  When he's drunk he says sweet things to me and I feel like maybe I'm not completely worthless.  But I know it's not true, it's just the alcohol talking.  When he's sober he knows he could never be with a girl like me, why would he?  I'm a monster.

I just can't take it any more.  All I've ever wanted is someone to actually love me, to care about me.  Someone to know me, for who I am, all the good and the bad, and tell me it's ok, they love me anyway.  I know though, that no one can do that.  That there's nothing here to love.  So I don't know why I even bother any more.  There is no point to me.  I'm completely worthless.

Edit 2: Please don't upvote this too much, there are people on reddit who would recognize who I am in real life immediately, and that would be a disaster. 

Edit 3: I'm getting ready to go out for a bit.  I don't really want to go out, but my roommate is, and I'm afraid of behaving stupidly if I stay home alone.  I will be back tomorrow if anyone wants to talk.  Thank you for all the help/advice and just for giving a shit in general :)"
"I have been depressed for the better half a decade. It started the summer before freshman year in high school, I'm a junior in college now. For starters I would like to blame my parents for the majority of my stress and sick thoughts. However I could easily deal with my problem if it were limited to just that but no it goes on. I have no drive to do anything to better my situation, I am on the verge of dropping out of school because my grades suck. I just got fired from my job so even if I bring my grades up I won't be able to pay for the next semester and be stuck with 40,000 in loans with no way to pay it back and still make a living. Still, this is nothing, if it were limited to just the above I could cope. Girls find me repulsive I've never even received any type of glance let alone a kiss or even a hug. I have no idea what that love connection feels like. I have pretty much accepted the fact that I will live and die alone. Death also seems to be right around the corner for me. I am about 40 pounds underweight, I tried going to the gym but I am so weak I could barely curl the 10 pound barbell. I just stopped trying. My heart is failing. One of my valves is completely closed another is leaking which is causing a heart murmer. My cardiologist said there is no doubt in his mind that I will need heart surgery before I am 25, I am 21. I can't think straight. I don't want to complain because I feel like its just taking the east way out and looking for sympathy. This is why I am submitting it on Reddit because you don't know who I am. I submitted something like this before and got a few insightful responses but nothing helpful. I hate complaining simply because I know there are millions of people who have it worse than I do, but life isn't a fucking competition. It's not like I don't have friends. I have three ""best friends"" and I am pretty good friends with their girlfriends but this just makes me feel like shit because I am always the 7th wheel. What worse is they try to hook me up with some girls occasionally and I get horribly rejected making me look even more socially awkward than I already am. Recently I just don't even go out with them when they invite me out to dinner. I just hold them down and ruin their night. Other than them I have no social life, besides Reddit. 

The past week I have seriously thought about if I had it in me to end it. I really don't know but I know I don't want to but after reading that help page I realized my pain is out weighing my ability to cope with it. Besides my close friends and family I really don't think many people would miss me. I just depress them when I am around so I would be doing them a favor. It's not like I have anything to look forward to in my life, besides submitted more cries for help on Reddit. This isn't everything thats fucked up in my life, theres much more some probably worse than whats listed but I just gets too personal and depressing.  

EDIT: Thanks guys, I know I have a lot of work to do before I ever feel better about myself but the thought of suicide has left my brain. Im not sure if thats made me more miserable or not, knowing that now I have to deal with my life. I'll try to make a dish although I have never had much luck in the kitchen. I know I need to reevaluate my life but part of me just doesn't even want to try. I have nothing good going for me. I have already accepted that I will never be successful. I really need a therapist because I feel like I am just going to end up in a psych ward. I just don't think I will be able to function in society. I hate the thought of being on my own but I don't want to depend on anyone either. Why can't life just give people breaks every once in a while. Im a fucking grown man but I get put to tears thinking about how miserable I am and how I likely will be for a long long time to come. No one knows that I wanted to kill myself, just Reddit. I think with all the shit I've been through its enough for most people to end it. I don't think i've gone one day since I can remember without being picked on bullied or peer pressured into something. Literally everyday. If food wasn't and issue I would go buy a cabin in the middle of nowhere with no human contact. Fuck, I hate my life."
"to anyone who is either having a bad day, or even thinking about taking their own life, please feel free to send me a message on aim, it is snyper2s, i am usually online either playing video games or just browsing reddit, so feel free to send me a message, i know it isnt much, but i feel like i need to help fellow redditors. "
"Nights have always been the worst for me. Occasionally things will get bad during the day, but night is usually when it crops up.

I feel torn on being here tonight. I'm a fiercely independent person, and scrabbling around for bits of help from Internet strangers runs deeply counter to that. I feel like I'm wasting people's time, chewing up attention, being melodramatic... like there's other people out there who are in serious imminent danger of hurting themselves who deserve the help more than I do. I know I won't do anything tonight, except maybe tear up my wrists some more, but I'm not going to die yet... so why am I wasting space with this? I don't know.

Maybe it's just part of the disease, maybe it's just a side effect of the deepening blackness that has become my life, maybe I'm wrong. But if you have any question about whether to spend your concern on me or someone else, make it someone else. I think part of me just wants the attention.

For a number of reasons, I learned from a young age to be a very good actor. I can take on any number of different personae, become an outwardly totally different person at will. I abuse this skill constantly to keep people around me from knowing the truth of my situation. A few people know bits and pieces, but nobody knows the whole story - not my family, not my doctor, not my best friend.

I guess I feel like if anyone knew the truth, they wouldn't *want* to care. I feel like no matter what I do, nobody will want to be around the real me. So I lie. I'm a damned good liar. But that's just one more reason why I can't accept the idea that someone would be able to tolerate me - if people knew how much I distort the truth, how could they possibly put up with the strain of constantly wondering if I'm being honest?

I've *almost* resigned myself to the strong possibility that I will carry out the rest of my life alone, just as I am now. The problem is, I know I'm strong enough to survive it, and even be successful - so I can face that prospect and accept it, even thrive on it to some extent. But I desperately, secretly hope that isn't how it all goes down.

Anyways... if you bothered to read all of that little bitch-fest, I'm sorry for wasting your time.

I feel like a whore for even doing this."
" O.K i'm 19 years old, a male. I have been struggling with depression since I was about 12 years old. I was suicidal much of the time growing up. I have been traumatized pretty bad by incidents in my life, no rape, just a lot of tragedy. 

 I turned to drugs, and the turned on me. That was about 4 years ago, but recently i've been turning to them again. Not the cocaine I used to enjoy, but heroin and scary shit. I can't get a job i'm basically stuck at home because I have a bad injury. I don't know what to do with myself, it's so hard to look ahead when you have nothing to look forward too! I am smart, I just have nothing to do with myself and it's seriously fucking with my  self worth. 

 "
"I hate myself. I hate the way I look, the way I sound, the way I think about everything. I feel down and tired all the time now. Nothing is fun. Every time I go do something I used to enjoy, I just think, ""Who the fuck cares?"" and stop.

Textbook depression. I've already been treated for it before. I had to take antidepressants for almost an entire year. I hated it. It was the worst time of my life. The drugs were almost as bad as the depression. I was a walking corpse on the inside, but a smiling fool on the outside.

I don't ever want to go back to that, so I never ever tell anyone how I really feel, not that anyone would care. Maybe one or two people, *maybe,* but I'd feel so guilty forcing my weakness on them. As for the rest of my family, this can't go on my medical records because that would preclude me from getting into a good college.

College. I'm sick of filing all these goddamned applications. That's all it ever is anymore, day in and day out: applications to schools I'll never make it into. Scholarships I'll never get. Essays, hours of my day, what little thought I can even bring myself to anymore, thrown out in an instant, and for what? To be reminded that I'm a failure of a human being? The worthlessness and incompetence I remind myself of every second of every day?

I put up with terrible pain every day. I don't know if it's psychosomatic. My heart hurts. It feels pressured, like it doesn't have enough room. Sometimes I think I can feel it rub against my ribcage. I can't really describe the feeling in it. I went to the doctor for it, but after the initial tests came back negative, we ""couldn't afford to waste money on [my] Münchausen's.""

My home life is terrible. It's nothing but screaming and yelling and crying and hating and scarcity. I hate watching TV and seeing all those fucking ads about happy families. Why couldn't I have that? I have no pretty memories about making snowmen or taking (happy) vacations or just baking cookies with mom.

School is sucking the life out of me. I do well. I'm smart. I'm in all but one honors class. But I got bad grades in my math classes, so I know I'll never get to go anywhere good. Even if I did, I know I wouldn't be smart enough to succeed there anyway. The same schedule day in and day out is killing me. But the problem with school is twofold: the people and the environment (so pretty much everything). 

The people here continually diminish my faith in humanity. I live in a small town that, until the late 60s prided itself on never allowing a black person to sleep overnight within city limits. All that hate is still here. Everything is so politicized. Everyone is just so spiteful. There's no outright physical bullying, but hardly anyone is actually nice.

The environment, the community, it's just bad. It's dilapidated. It's a cesspool of hate. There are no jobs. There's nowhere to go and nothing to do. I have no room to grow here, I hate it here, I don't want to ever be here, but I'm so damn scared to leave. And that's assuming any schools even accept me.

I've never really had a girlfriend. There are girls I like, sort of, but I don't know. I'm too shy. That's part of why I hate me. I know I'll never find anyone to love. I'm going to be alone.

I'll live the rest of my life cold and alone, hating myself, wishing I were never born, wishing no one had ever known me, I never knew anyone, I was never anywhere or felt any of this pain.

That's the only thing holding me back: I don't want to hurt anyone else."
"I'm not really sure where to start... I feel like I am slipping more and more into a depression over the last few months and my thoughts have moved to suicide. I don't feel like I actually want to, but I can't stop my mind from thinking about it, and imagining it. I keep crying for no reason, getting really angry and having outbursts where I don't even feel like I am in my own body, and overwhelming anxiety that like the anger outbursts, make me feel out of my body and dizzy. 

I feel like I am a failure in everything I do in life, and I doing nothing but failing every day. I have trouble waking up in the mornings and sleep in badly. Alarms just put me in a foul mood for the day. I go into university where I am studying for my doctorate, but my research is going badly and it makes me feel like a failure. I also have no motivation to do work anymore. Sort of like, why try doing anything new, it won't work anyway, just like all the other ideas I have had. Then I go to the gym after the day to do weights, which I also feel like a failure at because I haven't been making strength or size gains for months. When I get home, I cook dinner for my diet I started a month ago, and do some cardio to cut fat, but that is a failure too because I can't seem to lose much. Then, I go to sleep and do it all over again. I feel like I am in a vicious cycle of failure and I can't see a way out of it.

I have seen a psychologist previously for anxiety issues (social and general). She was concerned that I may have depression last time I saw her because of my constant fatigue and lack of motivation to do anything. I think I may need to go back and see her, but I can't even motivate myself to go to the doctor and be referred back to her. It just seems so much easier to sit around and wallow, I am scared to admit to anyone the problems that I am having. I am scared people will think I am pathetic and immature and over-reacting. But I can't help how I feel. 

I have had cycles of this before, the first when I was around 13. This is the fourth one I have fallen into, I am so sick of getting down like this. I don't feel like it is ever going to go away, and I should at the very least be packing the car and driving away, anywhere, just to get away. Anything to keep my mind off just giving up and killing myself. I don't know what to do, and making a post on here is all I could think of. I'm sorry it is so long, I think once I started getting it out, it kept coming out..."
I just really need someone to talk to I haven't ever actaully felt like I could kill myself but I feel like I could actually do it right now.  I'm getting a divorce from my wife and it's all my fault.  I was depressed for a long time and I never treated her the way she deserved and she hates me now.  You can probably access the post I made previously about this if you want more details but I just really want someone to talk to
"I’ve got a friend I’ve known for over fifteen years. We have a long history, most of it decent but there have been times in the past where she has dropped out of my life for two or three years.  About six months ago she came back in to my life and needed a little financial help, which was provided without any expectation of repayment. Over the last couple of months she’s visited the hospital for various mental health related issues and attempted suicide four times I believe now.  Knowing that back story this is where I need some assistance. It is extremely emotionally draining to go through this every couple of weeks, to be the only person she wants to lean on, to have to call the police in another city and have them come commit her for a day and have her right back where things started. I feel really horrible for saying this, but I want out, I can’t deal with the additional stress in my life. I really want to see her get reliable help, and her fiancé doesn’t seem capable of caring for her in any way. She has issues staying on the medication prescribed to her as she is unemployed and apparently unable to fill her prescriptions in the city in which she lives. 
I don’t know who to talk to about providing her help, she’s been committed involuntarily before and that seemed to really help, she mellowed out and was far more stable, but when she got out she was back to the same old shit within a matter of days. 
Help me help my friend, what can or should I do? My gut tells me it’s time to cut ties and stop caring, but my mind tells me that will only end badly. 
"
[removed]
"Where do I start...? I'm a PhD graduate student who can't focus. I was diagnosed with ADD a few months ago but I guess it's not too severe since I've gotten to where I am today. But it feels like it's getting worse. I have had really bad bouts of depression since college, and most recently, this past summer. I've given up on meds. I just try to eat healthy.

Every time I have a task to do, it takes so much effort to put my mind to it. Lately, it's been really tough, even for simple tasks like posting this on Reddit. I guess I might still be depressed, yet I manage to go to the gym and eat well. So, maybe I am just lazy. I don't even know anymore. I feel like a total failure, especially compared to the other grad students around me. I always procrastinate to the point where I frustrate those who rely on me. I am afraid to apply myself. This has been getting worse and worse over the years, and especially recently. If this keeps up, I feel like I will have to kill myself.
"
"I work at a warehouse.  I take cardboard boxes that come down multiple conveyor belts, scan the boxes with a scanner, and put the boxes on various wooden pallets.  I do this 10 hours a day.

Yesterday was terrible.  In the middle of my shift, my scanner stopped working properly, so I decided to replace it with another one.  I walked from the my spot in the very back of the warehouse all the way to the front where the shelf full of scanners are.  Each scanner I tried didn't work correctly, so I had to keep walking back and forth, trying various scanners and batteries to see what worked.

The maintenance guy was helping out with a group of coworkers nearby, and they got pissed that I kept walking back and forth.  When break started, they all got right up in my face and yelled, demanding to know why I wasn't doing my job.

I told them, and they accused me of breaking the scanners so I wouldn't have to work.  This is completely false.  Another coworker I eat lunch with says the supervisor is impressed with my speed and accuracy at scanning boxes.

When break ended, I returned to my area, and tried to get my scanner working again.  When I started walking back to the scanner shelf, the maintenance guy blocked me and asked me where I was going.  I told him where I was going, and he ripped the scanner out of my hands, somehow fixed it, and gave me the dirtiest look as he returned to what he was doing.  After he went off to do something else, I asked the group why they acted the way they did, and they denied the entire thing.  They blamed it on people on the other side of the warehouse.

Time eventually went on, and it eventually became two minutes until the end of the shift.  I started getting ready to sign my scanner back in.  A previously unrelated coworker walked up to me and rudely asked if the bell had rung yet.  I told her that she didn't need to act like an asshole to me, and she claimed that she wasn't being mean to me.

Suicide Watch, I don't know why the entire workplace has started to bully me overnight after a month and a half of no problems.  I feel hopeless and have nothing to look forward to.  What should I do?"
"Hey, my name is Kristen and I just wanted to write on here to let all of you know that you're perfect just they way you are and if anyone is having a rough day, week, month, year, life - i'm here to talk and be there for you. You can private message me, or if you're more comfortable, we can even possibly talk on the phone, through text, Skype, AIM, email etc. Please just remember to smile and know that you can always talk to me!"
"..please do not do it. Some of you think killing yourself by over dosing is going to solve all your problems, but all it does it cause your family and friends a lot of pain. I'm posting this because one of my friends from high school died yesterday. He just turned 19 last week. I don't know the exact cause of death but I have heard it was from ODing. The devastation my community is in is unbelievable. Even if you don't think you have people that care about you, you would be amazed at how many people really do. And if you would like to have someone care, PM me. I am open to talking about anything, if you don't want to talk about your problems we can just chat about anything. I just want to help so I don't have to see people in as much pain as my friends and I are in."
"So... not sure where to start this. 23 year old male. American, unfortunately. In college. No SO, never had a real SO, though I've been in relationships. The odd thing is, that's never bothered me. I was suicidal all throughout middle and high school. Started seeing a therapist, diagnosed bipolar I the summer before college... I've been doing better for the past four years, early in my life I was a real bastard. Cold, heartless, more or less made of stone. I got better, made friends (not just people who were useful, actual friends. Mutually respectful friends)... now though, I'm losing it. I was on lithium, got switched to lamictal two months ago... maybe thats it, I'm not sure. But I'm feeling cold again, callous. Sneering and disgusted with everyone and everything. I find myself increasingly manic, but it's different now. I'm not just up and energetic, the irritability is *vastly* more pronounced. I haven't lashed out at anyone yet, but I know if this keeps going I will. I've ranted and raved, stark raving mad, when I'm by myself... I scream and howl about all the bullshit in this fucking planet, and how stupid and worthless human beings are, this whole damned existence... but i calm down eventually, and return to everyone essentially calm, if not truly collected. But I'm a boiling pot, just waiting to froth over. I don't know what to do... I've been having dreams of late. Dreams of killing myself, dreams of killing others... nobody in particular, just fantasy murders and deaths... I sicken myself. I'm disgusted, I hate this. I want out, before I do something that I can't forgive. Where do we go from here? Is there anything to do? There are so many people I know, who think they know me... but all they see is a mask, a charade, a cruel caricature of all that I am. I'm losing sight of just who I was, am, and will be, and I don't know what to hold onto any more. Am I mad? Have I always been? Does it even matter?"
"I guess I've been thinking about death and suicide for a while now. Since I was about 9. I'm 16 now. I feel like there is nothing inside of me. Like when people mention that things look pretty, I lie and say I think its pretty too, but really I just think it's shit, just like everything else I see. If you're wondering if a certain event is bringing me down, I can assure you, there really isn't anything specific. Every moment of every day, I'm either depressed, asleep, or high. Yeah, I smoke grass a lot. Every day. And its not because of the grass. I was just as depressed before it, and now I get 1-2 hours every day where I'm not depressed. I've never had a girlfriend. I've never even kissed. I'm not fat. I think I'm ugly but I'm not sure. I'm probably just a dick. So, that's pretty much it. I'm not really, on a last limb, begging for someone to help before I do the deed. (Although I have attempted it a few times. The first time I think I was 10 or 11. The most recent was when I had just turned 14). I'm just bored as fuck, and figured I may as well try this. I guess. And I get the feeling a lot of people say this is because I'm young. But I've felt it ever since I could comprehend the feeling. So there's a good chance I've felt it my entire life. I don't know. also, I'm only happy when I'm asleep."
"I'm not sure what the purpose of this post is perhaps some kind of catharsis or peace of mind. I will try to be thorough but concise. So should this post end up being long-winded I apologize. I am 23 years old.

The first time i tried to kill myself i was 16 years old. I was virtually caught in the act, vomiting was induced, and i survived with no discernible damage. Since then my life has alternated between profound depression,  and surprising normality. Over the years the depression has become more intense, reaching a crescendo over the last year. Since that point of nauseating depression, I have become quite numb. And I am thankful for that. I rarely feel any despair anymore. Just indifference. An almost entire lack of emotion. Yet my ability to emulate emotion to others is in tact. 

The only emotion that i occasionally feel is extreme nervousness. A nervousness that is trying to claw its way out of my head.

Other symptoms have emerged over the years.

I suffer from bouts of extreme depersonalization. Oftentimes, I’d be doing something mundane and then suddenly I would feel disconnected from my immediate physical reality. I would carry on doing whatever it was that i was doing, only my perspective would be that of a third person. I see myself doing things, but I am not actually doing anything, I’m just observing. The first time this happened to me, i was frightened. Now they happen much more often. These moments don’t scare me anymore.

I might also be delusional.

The “might” in that sentence is best explained by something that happened to me when i was around 18 years old. It was night time. I was laying in bed about to go to sleep. It was one of the bad days of my depression. Days were my heart turns to acid and feels like its trying to burn its way out. My stomach keeps sinking but reaches no bedrock. It just keeps sinking.

Laying in bed with my mind racing back and forth I suddenly become convinced that the Grim Reaper is making his way down the hallway to my room. I was certain. I can not articulate this intense feeling of certainty. I didn’t *think* he was there, i knew it.

I was overcome with fear. The same kind of blind fear i imagine animals would experience when they suspect their end might be near. I was crying. Rocking back and forth. Fearful of the very thing I had been wishing for.

The next morning I awoke and I could not tell if I had dreamed it, or if that had actually happened.

I have been thinking about and attempting suicide since I was 16. Before, I thought of it as a way to end my depression. Now, I don’t feel depressed anymore, but I seem to be unable to extract any kind of joy from my existence.

The things that i used to love to do, I do not care for anymore. I have become secretly paranoid and distrustful of my friends, devaluing all the times we had spent together.

I wish for nothing. I hope for nothing. I simply have no interest in life. Its not that I am depressed and therefore i want to kill myself.

I want to kill myself simply because I do not wish to live.

Do I not have the right to end the only thing that is truly mine?

"
"I have everything most would want. A car, a good computer, good family, a few friends. I only wonder, why is it so easy for others to leave me but I can't let go?

I'm going to college, not paying a penny for it. 
I'm doing well in college. 

I don't know what I want to do when I graduate. I don't want responsibility, I don't want an education. I don't want to be in ROTC. I don't want any of this. I just want to leave. 

The whiskey numbs what I cant get away from, expectations. "
"I guess I should preface this with the fact that I am not planning on  committing suicide.  I couldn't, I know that I would pretty much destroy my parents and sister and I cannot be responsible for ruining that many lives.  That being said, I think about it every day, how I just wish I could, allow myself this one bit of selfishness and get away from it all.  I have suffered from chronic depression since I was about 16 or 17. I get over it, I always do.  And when I am feeling better I am so excited, so glad I pushed through and so proud of myself and so grateful to be able to enjoy anything at all.  But I used to get better for months at a time, now if I am lucky its a few weeks. I have permanently screwed up my life.  When I was 18 I went to one of the top universities in the world due to my years of hard work.  I had to drop out because of depression which caused awful grades, just getting out of bed was more than I could handle most days.  Then I tried a local college. I had to drop out because of depression and bad grades.  I then worked at various jobs, finally finding one that made me happy and eventually deciding to go back to school.   I am worse than ever.  If I cant get through school because of this overwhelming attack on myself then I will never get  a good job.  And for someone like me finding a job that interests me (by good I really mean challenges me not pays well) is the only small highlight I can imagine.  I don't want to be like this for the rest of my life, but its the only result I can imagine I would so much rather end this now than be like this for another fifty years.  Yes I am young, 24, but that is what makes it SOO much worse, if I am like this now, what am I going to be like in another ten years?  My mother suffers from depression and is an alcoholic.  She isn't mean or abusive, just withdrawn, usually too drunk to do anything with.  But she has a husband who loves her more than the universe and two daughters who try extremely hard to help her.  From what I can tell her depression didn't really become a problem until her mid to late thirties.  Mine started so much younger and I don't want to end up like her, and of course I won't because I am depressed all of the time and eat all of the time which means that I won't even have  a family of my own one day to help out.  I am just so very tired.  I want nothing to with this life, I wasn't meant for it.  I am so tired of fighting through when there isn't a real point. Why can't it all just stop? I'm done, I wish I wasn't but I am."
"I'm using my actual account for a reason - I'm sick of depression being this stigma that it's just something you can ""get over"".  It's time people can put a name to a face who is begging for help.  I'm not knocking anyone who makes throwaway accounts for this purpose either - I love the fact you are reaching out.  Don't ever stop.  I hate asking for help but I know of nowhere else to go.  This is quite the story and I appreciate those who will take the time to read it.

My dad killed himself when I was 10.  Because of this, my mother went bat-shit insane for a good year or so and I was forced to raise my brother (who was 5) by myself.  Granted, my mom would still be at home and work and whatnot, but she was never really there.  We ate pizza 5 times a week, and when we weren't at home, we would rely on either my meager cooking skills (which is one of the reasons I love cooking now) or on my friends' parents, who were really the ones who made sure we were ok every night.  I've never really thanked anyone properly, but I know they know we're eternally grateful.  

I'm now 24.  I tried grad school after getting my BS in Bio (done with the classes, needed to write my thesis but lost complete interest due to my advisor being a complete airhead and not knowing anything about anything), which was a fail.  Let a girl ruin my life this past summer and, along with having to be hospitalized due to being suicidal (which I recognized and made someone take me) and kidney stone complications that lasted half a year, I lost everything.  I had to file bankruptcy due to losing my internship that paid quite well and bills were due.  Moved back in with my parents and now I get to listen to my mom ask me every day if I'm ""going to get all this taken care of.""  I keep telling her there's nothing I can do until I have my meeting with my creditors (which is tomorrow, btw, and I know this was the trigger for my episode tonight) but it's like she doesn't listen.  I can't talk to anyone else about my problems due to trust issues stemming from my childhood.  I tried a therapist, who never really tried to connect with me, so I stopped going.  I tried talking to my other family about it, but it's like no one really understands what is going on in my head.  I don't even understand, but for me, going to a therapist is like watching someone come clean your ""messy room"" and put all your stuff in unfamiliar places - I am the only one who knows where everything in my mind goes.  It may look messed up to everyone else but I know why I think the way I think.  I try to get others to understand what's really going on, but the few times I've opened up to by best friends...I just get stares in the way of ""whoa wtf are you talking about why would you think like this"".  

Three of my family members have killed themselves.  My father.  My dad's mom.  My dad's brother.  Why do I feel like this cycle doesn't end with me?  Why am I letting all the stress of the bullshit that's happened affect me in this way?  Everyone thinks I'm bulletproof because that's how I make myself appear.  I can help everyone but myself.  I don't know why I can't, but I tell myself until I'm blue in the face to follow my own advice.  I never do, even when I know it's what could help.  I stress out over stupid shit due to an innate fear of losing everything (learned behaviors are a bitch) and that was just reinforced this past summer.  I have no idea what I'm going to be doing in the next couple months.  Since I dropped out of grad school in July, I've done nothing but clean.  Trying to get my life back in order.  Throwing out all the shit I don't need or want.  Too bad it's not that easy with your mind.  I would love to be able to forget this past year ever happened.  It's done nothing but destroy me when everyone else thinks it's made me stronger.  I feel like I'm the anchor for my family and have been since my dad died.  I never had a childhood and just want to do nothing for a while, since I was never given that opportunity, but since I'm an ""adult"", I have to conform and ""find my calling"".  Too bad my calling won't make me a fucking dime and isn't respected by anyone in my family (for the record, it's Magic.  My mind just loves the way that game is played, I love playing it, and I'm ranked nationally...but it won't pay the bills).  I'm selling whatever I can just to make it by with my mom and step-dad supporting me in whatever way they can, but I hate, hate, HATE, being a leech.  Most of my extended family abused the hell out of welfare and the generosity of my family when I was younger and I made a promise to never, ever do that, no matter how bad things got.  

I love my family but I feel like I can't be honest with them about anything.  This includes my cousin sexually abusing me when I was 6, as it would tear us apart.  When I do talk to them, my mom demands I go to the hospital for ""thinking this way"" and won't back off for months.  I can't take that stress.  She complains when I'm at home, then calls every day when I'm not, ""just to make sure you're ok"".  I can't take it much longer.  I haven't killed myself because she's already lost a son to brittle bone disease and a husband to suicide.  I can't put her through that; the thought of her going through the loss of yet another son is worse than hell for me.   But I just can't do this anymore.

I rambled, which I apologize for, but that's how my mind works.  It won't shut off, even when I'm blazed out of my mind on the highest quality of green.  SSRI's make me completely numb and I'd rather feel like shit than nothing.  General CNS depressants that should help calm me down do so, but only for minutes at a time, when they are 
""supposed"" to work for at least 3 hours, therefore I've either built a tolerance to them or they just don't work.  Alcohol helps, but since alcoholism runs on both sides of my family, I'm conscious of my intake.  Talking is the best therapy for me...the problem is, I can't talk to anyone here since they have preconceived notions about what is going to ""happen"" whenever I try to talk out my thoughts.  My anxiety is crippling me and I'm already balding due to it... no one in my family started losing their hair until their 50's.  

The stress of this is killing me.  I actually just watched a Nat'l Geo docu on stress today...I know I need to control it.  I just don't know how.  I worry about everything, even shit I can't control, and it makes me feel like a failure.  Why can't I just not give a shit and do what I want for a change?  Every time I try, someone always has some comment that hits me in my soul and sends me back to square one.  I'm a genuinely caring person and would take a bullet for anyone I know, no matter how shittily they've treated me.  I've tried suiting up and going to the gym, but exercise does nothing for me.  I can't run or walk, since my hobbit feet don't allow me to go further (farther?) than half a mile before cramping up to the point it puts me in tears.  I'm no ""fat neckbeard"" (I HATE this term btw), but I've tried for years to lose the weight I need to (I'm 5'10 and 220) but I can't get below 210, so I know diabetes is on the horizon (another thing that runs rampant in my family), and it kills me that I've failed again.

If you're still reading, thank you.  I'll end this rambling with the following.  Eminem is the only other person I know that would know what it's like to be trapped in this sort of mind.  You want to know how my relationship with said-ex who ruined my life was?  Listen to ""Love the Way You Lie Part 2"".  That was it to a T.  You want to know who I am at my soul?  Listen to Recovery as a story, not a CD.  Welcome to my life.  I'm really just looking for another Redditor to talk to...I can't promise I'll be of much help to myself, but to anyone else out there who is going through anything, I'm here if you want to talk.  I want to help.  I just don't know how to help myself."
"That feeling when your stomach drops.

That feeling of uncertainty.

The emptiness of regret.

A hollow abdomen.

Burning in your eyes from holding back tears.

Ringing in your ears because you've been trying to tune the world out so long.

That twisted feeling of nausea and nothingness.

Thoughts roll on the shore of your mind...filled with nothing but pollution and garbage. 

Empty bottles clanging together...

Cadavers of yesterday aimlessly float face down...

no sign of life. An empty wasteland. 

Toxicity. 

I'm the only girl left amongst this mess. 

The ruins of burnt bridges are smoldering in the distance.

The sky is raining ash. 

The clouds open up... 

and the Sun shines down upon you for the first time in ages...

it's been so long since you've seen the light, you're instantly blinded.

Your skin starts to burn. 

And you wish another storm would come...a violent storm.

A storm so powerful, it would whisk you up and maybe drop you on another island that isn't so tainted. 

You pray.

You scream.

But no one is listening. 

No one can hear you. 

You're alone in this mess and there will be no search party. 

The fumes from the decomposing bodies choke your lungs and make your eyes water.

A very slow torture.

And there is no way out.
"
"**********Super update below!!!


It's been almost 2 weeks since I have seen my children. My ex came with the police to pick up some personal belongings yesterday. It was very difficult. I never hurt her. She honestly looked 10 years older. Her eyes were tired from crying and stress. I know, 100% sure, that her mother is pushing her to do things she does not want to do. I had 1 minute to say something to her when she came. I said, ""I am not mad at you. I am upset with your brother and family. I still love you very much and the last few months have been our best in many many years. Please think about what is happening. Please hug and kiss my children and tell them I love them and miss them.""

I have spent 8-9 hours a day trying to find a lawyer. Still waiting for a call back (I have called so many lawyers, 2-3 times each, that the secretaries are getting annoyed I think. They have told me to just wait for the call.)

 I have slept very little. I have two friends here who call me 4-5 times a day. I have family back home calling 2-3 times a day. I also have many of my close friends, from all over the US, calling me at least once a day. 

My friend, on the phone here, said something to me yesterday as I was crying and trying to cope. I was hysterical. I had the noose at the ready. He said, ""If the mother is controlling your wife right now, you need to not let them win! You have enough documentation to gain full custody of your children. You will see them again. You have not had a chance yet speak your side of the whole story. You will win, just stay focused and strong."" [( story: TL:DR American in Norway. I threw out wife's drug addict brother from my house for theft and drug use in my house, his mother wouldn't let me close the door and called the police on me. I ended up getting thrown in jail for a night, no charges, just to cool off. When I came home wife and kids were gone)](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/e4orw/alone_in_a_foreign_land/)

I felt strong after my buddy said such inspirational things yesterday. Today, I wake up and can't move out of the bed. I am paralyzed . Two weeks of call upon call upon call with little progress forward. I am exhausted in my heart, mind, and soul. I miss my children and the thoughts of suicide keep peeking into my head again. 

Is it ok if I just  lay here and take a break? I just can't do anything today. I should be able to stop and rest a little right?  The constant pressure of phone calls and letters and desire to get this problem resolved is driving me into a state of pure exhaustion. It is starting to make things worse. 

I feel like I am going mad. I feel the desire, to quit and disappear forever, growing. Can I make it through Christmas, and my Birthday alone in this big house while everything shuts down here for much of December? Can I get any peace of mind or legal help before the holidays start? What is my wife's crafty mother telling my children about me? Are they feeling confused and lost? 

Too too too much. That noose is looking so fucking tempting right now. The problems would go away and I could be at peace from all of this. 

*****I GOT A LAWYER! She understands the system and my rights. She is taking the case! I feel a wealth of weight off my shoulders right now. I am so thankful to have had all of you here for me. I know it may be rough days ahead, but knowing I have someone who will be helping me, you, and now a lawyer who knows the system, I am feeling a sense of strength coming into my being. 

I thank you all again for helping me during the darkest days and nights. You are all truly special people. Knowing that there are such intelligent and kind people in this world gives me so much hope for the future my children shall live in. Again, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 


"
"I'm feeling really self-destructive and could do with someone to talk to, to tell me what the sensible thing to do would be, or at least keep me at the computer for a while longer. I'd call a hotline or something but my anxiety means I'm not really okay with talking on the phone."
"I'm sitting here listening to Pink Floyd right now. It makes me feel neutral. But I don't feel so well. 

There is a story to it. I think about death a lot. Almost everywhere I look I see different ways to die. And I've been a bit morbid for a good deal of years, and I don't think it's all been negative. It fuels my imagination and helps me write, which makes me feel good. 

But I had a girlfriend. We broke up two months ago or something like that, because I missed my home and felt that she had betrayed me. But sometimes I feel so incredibly guilty that I feel this way that I can't stand myself, and feels like something wet is slowly crumbling inside me. 

She could be so mean sometimes, and she just didn't think about how she said things. She had Aspergers, and her own history of mental illness. Every time I would find the will in me to confront her about how these things she said made me feel, she would do three things.

1. Tell me I overreacted. 
2. Say it was because of her diagnosis. 
3. Start crying. 

She could cry to everything, and said it was her way of dealing with many things. I was okay with it, but all these things made me feel bad and like an asshole, when it was she that had started the negative circle. 

Even now, I worry so much about how she's doing and blame myself for all things that went bad with our relationship. She has no real friends besides her big family, and because of her diagnosis she is a bit away mentally from feeling like a part of them, or that is how I understood it. 

She did things to me, went behind my back with things that had happened. Like kissing two guys and having close contact with an old romance. She broke my heart and trust when she did this, but I couldn't be angry at her because she said it was because of her diagnosis. 

She said the the two guys had flirted with her without her noticing it and then kissed her. She said she felt disgusted by it, but when I asked her why she didn't leave the club then she simply said: She had been drinking and wanted to hang with her other friends. It took two or three months before she told me this. 

This other guy, the old romance, it was she that took contact. They spent half nights sitting up talking to each other on IM, while I was in the bed sleeping. She took lots of pictures for him, with her make-up on and her hair very beautiful... things she didn't do for me. It took her a fucking week before she told me, and I suspect it was because this guy didn't show any interest in her. 

She broke up with her ex-boyfriend because of this guy. And I felt I was on the same road, and would have if he hadn't turned her down. By then I felt that it was time to leave her. And I did. 

Here I am now. Thinking back on all things she did, knowing that if a ""normal"" girl had done it, I would have been pissed and been able to move on. But here... she says she didn't realize what she was doing. And that it is her Aspergers that is the reason. 

That is making me feel pity for her, because I believe her... and it makes me feel like I have done this to her, that I have deserted her, or was a bad boyfriend. I need some advice, someone who can explain to me if she is escaping responsibility or if she is right, because I need to move on. But I can't when I feel this guilt and pity, and it is slowly driving me closer to the edge, because it burns in me sometimes when I sleep, and I can't take it forever. "
"I do not consider myself suicidal, but I am finding myself thinking lately ""I hope I don't wake up"" or ""What if I got hit by a car on my way home?""  or some other sort of accidental death.  I've been abusing drugs, and can rarely stand feeling sober.  I never go to school drunk/high, but right when I get home I either take speed, smoke pot, drink, vicodin...honestly anything that will numb me.  I was just able to quit smoking, and it feels like all of my dark thoughts have doubled.  

I cannot stand being alone.  I feel like a needy child.  Basically anybody that I can latch onto I will.  **I am so fucking tired of feeling this way.**  There is a girl in one of my classes lately, and I cannot stop thinking about her.  When I text her, I immediately wait for her to respond.  I honestly can't bring myself to answer ""what the fuck is so special about her?  huh?""  I don't like this obsessive behavior I've been having, and it's starting to really take a toll on me.

I don't want to see a therapist because 1.) I can't afford it and 2.) I don't want my parents to have to pay for it.  

I don't know what to do.  Every day I hope I don't wake up."
"I've spent the last 2 hours sitting in a chair, contemplating. I finally made up my mind. I just have to go to the vet store and buy nembutal. The only thing stopping me is that I'm scared that the clerk will get suspicious and call the cops or something. I'm so close, but really afraid. I hate life, I'm ugly, disfigured, dumb (bad grades), nothing but a waste of money for my parents. I have a nice car, I am not paying a cent for college, my family is a happy one..

We all die anyways, no one knows what happens after we die. The only reason we're afraid to die is because we're programmed to be afraid, but no one knows who programmed us or to what end.. None of you can give me a real reason to not kill myself since you don't really know if it's bad or not, so I don't even know why I'm posting... Sorry if I'm not making much sense, you can ask me anything and I'll try to clarify. I'll probably kill myself tomorrow morning, before school.  thanks to anyone who replies :)

i really really want to die. not cause a fuss, or attract attention. i just want the pain to end.

edit: i guess it's already to late to get the drugs so i'll try to do it tomorrow..

**edit2: You guys are so awesome. I don't know if any of you've been in a similar situation as mine and know what it feels to have people that care, but it's one of the best feelings on Earth.. Thanks redGPz, Psy-Kosh, underture, bluegerm, Orangutan, trevorsg, potentialloser, thetimbot, BleedingAssassin and dswis! I still feel really depressed and want to die but at least now I know humanity has really good people.. It's a shame there are many others who ruin it. **"
"Reddit, I really need you right now. 

Every night I go to bed thinking I will do it tomorrow. Thinking I know exactly where to find the necessary tools. Thinking, thinking, thinking. I have had three nights in a row, dreaming of death, and waking up hours before the alarm to sit and cry about what my brain had just dreamt. It's getting more real, and I don't know where to go. 

Backstory: I am a senior female in high school. Admired, friendly, but have not created any real friends. I lost my father to cancer in December of 2008, and then my mother this past March to Huntington's disease. It eats away at my brain to say the words, not only because she is gone, but because I know I am going to deal with a great amount of the words later on in life when my brother (20) and I get tested. After my dad died, I had to move in with my best friend, (which was a house of 6 already, and I never really got any privacy or alone time to deal with the huge loss) and after that didn't work out, I was scooped out to live with my Aunt and Uncle a half hour away by myself. It was then where I will place all of my struggles. I lost my best friend, who was my only real family, because she never made the effort to see me. (Since August of 2009 I have only been visited by her once, and I have gone to her numerous times to try and keep the strings knotted.) I was dumped by my first love of a year and half, only weeks before my mother passed away. I put on weight, I had trouble making friends, and I put on this happy go lucky girl front all day, every day. My grades slipped, as did my friend base, my happiness and my will to continue.
Every friend that I did make and grow some bond with (hang out a few times and what not) moved away from me for college, because I always got along better with people older than myself. I made one really close friend who had recently become my boyfriend. Even though he wasn't quite as ""hipster"" as he quoted my desires to be, we really got along. After he moved on to college, I clung on to him because he was all that I had, although not all that I wanted. And recently, after two  months of not being a picture perfect fit, I back away from him when he was at his worst. He became severely depressed and I couldn't handle it, so I left. I thought I could find him help, and maybe for myself but instead he's abandoned me and I've found this hole, this dark and empty hole. The only real connection in my life is gone. 

And thus the above has been going on. I see a therapist, have had suicidal thoughts for almost two years now and don't have a good enough relationship with either my aunt, uncle or brother to tell them this. Unfortunately, also, my aunt is away and now nobody is around to even make sure I am here and okay, so please reddit, I don't know what I want from you. I think I just needed to tell someone. 
If I do it, I s'pose I'm saving myself from a life of possible Huntington's, misery of my depression and coping, and my inability to connect. 
But I can't help but refrain when I think about who has to find me. That is not a job for any human being."
"I can't find a reason to love myself, (Which I've heard builds confidence, but it hasn't produced any because I don't, which is a vicious cycle). Multiple groups of friends have ostracized me, and I can't ever figure out why. I can stand being a loner for so long, but years start to build... 
Does anyone have any advice or similar stories?"
"I'm in a fucked up relationship, my s.o. is insane, she refuses help, I've become co-dependant over the years, to the point that I'm happy only if she's happy. I tried to take her to a psichiatrist yesterday, this only made her worse, she cried and I started shivering, she fell asleep, I finally fell asleep but then the dog started barking woke me up and I was about to throw myself off my window. I don't know what stopped me.

It's all my fault.

Help me, I'm scared I'm fixated on the thought of dying, I'm at work now, I have to go home to see a friend, then go out for dinner, I don't want to, I want to die, I want to sleep forever and forget how sad I am. 
I'm a succesfull guy, I have money, I have love (even if broken) but I hate life, I miss my dad, I wanna die, please make this shit stop.

It's been all my life that I'm suffering.. what is the point?
I will leave everything to my s.o. so I can be more helpful by being dead than alive, she needs me I need to carry on I fear that if I die she'll be alone, my dog what will he do?

Is there a reason to live? HAve I got future? I wanna leave her but she needs me if I leave her and she dies it'll be only my fault, the only way out is to die.

I'm fixated, my only goal in life is to keep her happy, I wanna make her happy, I need help.

I wanna be institutionalized and cuddled, I need to sleep."
"What should I do about that? I'm 15. I can't run for more than 20 seconds without stopping and wheezing. I'm a skeleton. I eat a meal or two a day. I have a couple friends at school, but none outside of it. I walk around the school in circles at lunch or sit on a toilet in the bathroom because I didn't want to be seen sitting by myself. I have no skills. I have no clue what I am going to do with my life. I just got my report card and I'm failing all of my courses at school. Don't say ""why don't you just go up to people"" because I do and no one wants to hang out with me. I've tried. I never used to be like this, I used to be popular and smart. I moved and now I have no friends and I'm failing.

What the fuck do I do?"
[This](http://i.imgur.com/zrgxV.png) is my plan.
"NOTE:  I don't really think I am suicidal but I wrote this at lunch with some tears:

The sun is shining and the people are soaking, eating their lunches with joy. With smiles on their face, oh the happiness they proclaim, bright stories of the weekend flow free. And with great satisfaction they draw some reactions which reinforce their pleasure so great. But as they discuss their lives just as thus, the sun will soon fade from me--head, dropping to my knees. For the memories of mine are painfully intertwined, just as this black becomes mixed with some red. And I'm smiling to hide, such great misery inside, as I visibly bruise my arm.  My last look around from my car parked far down I council myself, ""it will all be over too soon.""  As I let down the spoon, I'm ending this tune, no longer to live life so sick.  A tear wets my face as I mutter with disgrace, ""this one is certainly my last prick."""
"Me and my best friend seem to be taking turns being really depressed. Currently I'm convinced that life is worth it largely for the little things like beautiful landscapes, watching a favorite tv show, cute youtube videos, the smell of coffee or fresh baked cookies, a warm bed in winter and a good book, etc. I'd like a site to remind us of these things every day. Does anybody know of one?"
"Updated at the bottom...


Why years later am I messed up? I have started having flash backs that are more vivid than what I originally remember. As in I'm there and can remember exactly how I felt with my vision being all fucked. Double vision and passing out waking up telling him to stop, crying passing out, wash, rinse, repeat god knows how many times, I remember waking up multiple times but I also remember waking up later alone and I couldn't even stand up.

How I felt sick and a friend offered me his couch but 'asshole' picked me up and told me he would take me home. How I wanted to stay with my group of friends but couldn't get my mouth to work right.

Most of all I remember how he told everyone that I had jumped him and been all Over him.

How I lost my closest friend because he believed him. 

I've never been so hurt. Damaged goods.

I'm to the point were I've realized that no one really cares about how I'm doing. 

I don't know what my boyfriend would do if I told him that I think about different ways to off myself anytime I'm alone. Multiple prescriptions in toxic dosages but bonus points cause they interact with each other and wondering if the heavy duty anti nausea drugs would be effective at preventing my body from trying to reject whatever I introduce into it. 

And then I'm ashamed at thinking such things because I have a child.


And then I'm frustrated and feel trapped because as a parent I don't have the option of suicide. I simply do not have that luxury anymore because it's not about me.

And so for  now while I'm rational enough I'm stuck here. And I already feel dead. Or I wish I did... It alternates between feeling numb and finding myself slipping into space or soul crushing pain in my chest where I can't breath it hurts and I find myself gasping for air at a stop light.




Updated:

 thanks for the replies. I spent quite a bit of time by myself as I had locked myself in the bathroom for 6 hours last night.

 I'm not sure what exactly happened but my boyfriend tried to talk to me and kept saying he was worried and kept saying my name and I couldn't respond to him. It felt more like I was watching myself than anything else and I didn't want to come back for lack of better words. 

He's a great guy. After he was sure I hadn't poisoned myself he sat with me and just talked to me and brought me back I guess.. Took 3 hours before I was able to say anything to him but I did eventually talk to him about what's going on and I'm going to a counselor in 2 weeks.. Well the appointment is in 2 weeks in going to call and see if I can move it up.

I still feel utterly destroyed but at least I have someone who loves me helping me stay grounded"
"Hi, reddit. So I've been drinking a lot lately, including tonight, so sorry if this doesn't make much sense. But I just sort of need to vent a little.

I've been depressed for the majority of my life. I'm 24 years old, and I've been on a large number of anti-depressants that haven't helped at all. I haven't had a girlfriend, ever, even though that's basically all I can think about. I've tried asking my few IRL friends to help (who are all guys), and I've tried OKCupid, none of which have been beneficial to me at all. In fact, OKCupid just caused me a whole lot of additional stress, since I had to worry about whether random girls I didn't know, would respond or even read my messages. All I really think about is sex, and how it will never be a part of my life.

I've been diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome in the past, from some psychologists, but I've also been diagnosed with ""You don't have Asperger's, but you're definitely crazy"" by other psychologists. I'm a very picky eater, which means I'll probably never be able to meet anyone new. Eating things is sort of the foundation of our culture, so I'll never be able to go to lunch with people from my work, or go on a dinner date with someone new.

I have about 3 friends that I talk to regularly, but they're not very understanding of my condition. I don't know if they just don't care, or if they don't really understand they depth of my depression. The 3 friends are people I live with, so I see them on a daily basis, and it's hard to bring these things up to them, since I'm afraid they won't understand. If I lose them, I would definitely be lost...I have no idea who I would talk to about anything without them. 


So, in short, I don't really know what I'm saying, but it doesn't have too many red underlines, so I guess it's at least spelled decently. I don't know if anyone wants to respond, or has experienced something similar, or if I'll even remember posting this in the morning. But right now, just sitting here typing words is better than just about anything else I can do right now.

I've had multiple suicides in my family before, but this was before I was born. I'm very afraid that I'm just sort of predisposed towards it, and even if I hold out for a long time, I'll end up killing myself eventually. I haven't seen anything that reinforces a positive viewpoint towards my life, and don't think that will change any time soon.

Lastly, that captcha was really hard at my current level of inebriation. I wonder if that's discouraged anyone else from posting in the past.

So thanks for listening, reddit, you inanimate object. Even if no one responds, I guess it was good to post this, though I might not remember it in the morning. Thank you for whatever help you can give, and godspeed, you black emperors."
"It's about time I got my thoughts in text form. The fact is, I'm depressed and confused. I plan to commit suicide. I would have done so long ago if not for the fact that I am simply going through the process of getting things done that my rational side wants done before I go.

What drove me to post this was this: I'm a graduate student in the process of exploring a potential research project in computer science. Tonight I came across a publication that pretty much covered the same technique I wanted to present as the core idea of a paper I wanted to write. That crushed me emotionally. Objectively though, I knew that the things I came up with, well, _I_ came up with them, regardless of reading a publication about the same idea after the fact. And I have a more ambitious interpretation of what could be done based off that idea. In fact, I should be proud and grateful that my idea is seen as useful by someone other than me; it means that even if I did measure my self-worth by the number of papers I publish, I would be on the right track. And it looks like other people have come across the same idea as well; it's more like a side idea that is not getting much attention, but could have a lot of benefits for end users. And overall, as for the field of research I'm involved in as a whole, there are still other possibilities. 

So why the depression if it is not such a big deal even taking a narrow view of the world? I think I know, from reading books that have to do with evolutionary psychology. It's because there's a side of me, the primitive, mammaliam/reptilian side, that from my childhood has only known neglect and despair. The rational side of me knows that things aren't bad at all and there is much to be grateful for. 

But unlike everyone else I have no support network or mentor I could turn to in difficult times. This has utterly convinced the primitive part of me that it is worthless and suicide is the best option. It has also had its toll on my rational side as well, in the form of wasted time working on the wrong things. It is not even that I am refusing to discuss my work with others; almost no one at my school understands or cares and I have to turn to the internet to get advice about my work. So in a strong way, I am all by myself. 

At this point I am only counting down the days until my rational side loses and I commit suicide. I think this will happen in a few years at best. I want to cry, to mourn for the potential that will so surely be cut short; but at this point it is difficult for tears to come out.

No truer words have been said than ""It is no measure of health to be well-adjusted to a sick society."" I _cannot_ adjust. Because of a combination of past experiences and my reactions to them when I was not as rational, at present I am highly incapable of liking anyone. At a basic level I do not believe in the idea that someone would care about me for who I am. Everyone who has done so to my knowledge has only been friendly because they wanted to use me in some manner; it is so easy to go with the conclusion that they are only acting friendly toward me because they want to use me to get something they want; moreover, because it equally well explains any beneficial action towards me as any other hypothesis but also has a lot more directly supporting evidence, I feel there is really no hope for the hypothesis 'person X is nice to me because they truly care about me as I am.""  **If there is some way to set up an experiment that may distinguish between these two hypothesis I'm all ears.**

In total: My experience with my parents and during my early childhood has hammered in: The world is a cruel place. No one is to be trusted. People will be polite to you as far as it benefits them, to look good to everyone else, so they may in turn fulfill their narcissistic desires stamped upon them by society itself. Everyone else has their shit together. Everyone else has a close friend or significant other to to turn to in difficult times. I have only myself, and am grateful that I still have a rational side. 

And the damage is permanent. I believe in my negative models about as strongly as I believe that 1 + 1 = 2; you can talk all day about how people can learn math and have it be internalized but it applies to social interactions as well. Humans are learning _machines_; it is unfortunate that it is as easy to learn that life is worth living as it is to learn that it is not. And for me, the 'worth living' part is just irrecovably behind in the race; it is as if a bicycle is racing a jet aircraft, for the relative amount of evidence I take in daily that suggests one or the other.

My dislike for myself and other people especially feeds on itself in the graduate school setting. In a strong sense, I am sure that my colleagues have corrupt value systems in my eyes. My rational side says: I came here because I want to do science and this place provides resource to facilitate that. But what gets me down is that most people don't want to do science; they want to do science as far as it gets them published papers and faculty jobs in which they have secure incomes and can buy houses and cars and win the 'rat race.' I detest that lifestyle and deeply believe that humans have a lot more to offer. 

Realizing this: why the depression about reading a publication that caused me to _lower_ my estimate of the probability that I can publish a paper and thus get statistically closer to being the kind of person that I detest?

 It's because I am in my 3rd year as a Ph. D student. Consider the concept of 'publish or perish;' that my chances of staying in the program are contingent on my publication rate. Don't publish papers, then funding magically dries up and I have to go. Because I feel that my worth in my advisors' eyes and in the school's administration is in terms of my publication rate, regardless of how much I believe that the measure of my progress as a student researcher is in how much I learn about doing research, I am _this close_ || to being kicked out. 

I suppose, now that I've written about it, it's not that big a deall; I will commit suicide in the next few years anyway, so I can get by on my savings for a while and still be able to do the research I care about. 

I suppose that gets back to my conundrum: rationally I know that I have a lot to live for and that I am not even close to even realizing what the limits of my potential are, but the way things are going emotionally and socially, I am aware that my rational side is going to lose and I will die of a self-inflicted injury. 

Is ""liking myself"" really just an advanced form of faking it, that does not fool my mammalian/reptilian brain in any way whatsoever?

I've heard ""live for yourself"" more than I can remember. But what if humans (or just people like me) really do need support and validation from others to function?

It is often said in this forum to ""go out and be social."" That has never worked for me; it is too easy to read in malicious thoughts and intentions from others, and to be disgusted at their fundamentally corrupt value systems. Going out and being social has hurt me more than it helped. 

I am trying to cope. I have been exercising (some running, mainly powerlifting) for a year and a half. I would not know where I would be if I did not go to the gym. I have been immersing myself in my research topics. The funny thing about these topics (and in my case, computer science) are that they have become a refuge. Highly abstract applied category theory in programming languages, for example, is hard to learn, but you know what. It doesn't judge you. It doesn't pretend to like you so it can further its own ends. That's because it isn't human. And that's why, sadly, I have had much more fruitful interactions with non-human entities than human ones as of late.

And recently I have been searching for more tools to prolong the duration for which my rational self is in control. These days I am trying to take up Stoicism (a book about it: http://www.amazon.com/Guide-Good-Life-Ancient-Stoic/dp/0195374614). I feel that it is the best strategy for holding off my primitive side until the abuses and slights become too much for it and I kill myself. 

But I get a strong sense that fundamentally, I **do** need other people and I **do** need external validation. It is too bad that the experiment to prove or disprove this takes at least one human life---mine. I would like to be able to cope without needing these things, but can I? It seems that I must live the rest of my (very likely short) life without connecting to anyone else. "
"No offense to anyone here, I know it lies with me...because I don't really appreciate beauty anymore. But I've talked on these sorts of things before about suicidal thoughts and nothing can get through to me anymore. Same with talking to proffessionals...I don't talk with family or friends as I don't want to freak them out. But people seem have to stock answers which they roll out, either things can change, try and appreciate your life, think about your family. Every day I feel more resigned to the fate that next year I'm going to have to die. I have to wait because I want my sister to finish school. If I was truly selfless I would wait the 3/4 years after that, so she could finish college without having my death on her mind. But I honestly don't think I can last that long. I need to speak to a doctor or mental health person, but I think they're sick of me. I'm scared at their reaction of me quitting college once again. I don't need to be guilt tripped right now. I just want to lie down and rest until I can die next year. "
"I sit here, typing this just an hour after my boyfriend of over 2 years has just broken up with me. Our relationship was mostly online, but we chose to go to the same university in order to have more of a life together. Instead, it's here that I sit alone in my room, an endless flow of tears (and the first time I've ever hyper-ventilated) making a deal with myself: Change myself or kill myself. 
My breakup come about as my boyfriend realised that we were incompatible, leaving me to realise I'm not compatible with anyone. We'd had a break previously and we got back together, I was hoping for a new relationship. I tried hard, but I couldn't change. This is a new city for me, I have no one here to help me apart from the two people I've driven away from over-burdening them. Despite being here for 2 months, I've not been able to make any new friends by myself. Now I'm far to afraid to try, because I don't want to be a hassle to others, I don't want to weigh anyone else down.
I need a direction, I need help to change. I've already tried my hardest doing it by myself, but surprise surprise, I'm shit at it. And now I have no-one left to help me. What can I do?

EDIT: Going to try and get some sleep now, thanks for the help so far.
EDIT2: Out of bed now, it was hell until I dropped off to sleep. The sleep was such bliss, I'd forgotten everything. I want to be able to sleep for longer...   

EDIT3: I can't express my gratitude enough for you folks, but you have definitely helped me. I no longer feel as though I'm on the brink, ready to fall. But I still feel near it. I've booked an appointment to see a doctor about the depression, and I've started spending more time with my flatmates. I guess it takes time for the edge to vanish into the distance.

Again, many thanks!"
"I don't know if it's appropriate to post this here, since I don't currently plan on killing myself. I'm still mostly logical, and I know killing myself only makes things worse for my friends and family.

Brief story:

Earlier this year, in April, my fiancée left me for one of our common friends. As a result I had to find new friends, as I basically had none left I could comfortably socialise with. My next relationship, which felt good, ended after a month when my girlfriend cheated on me. This was in June. Since then, the feelings of loneliness have escalated to a point where I almost can't stand them.

My ex-fiancée was very intelligent, possibly even more so than me, and we shared many meaningful discussions about almost anything. This has set a standard for me, and as a result of that I feel I can't really relate to anyone else. My friends often seem stupid and/or irrational, and every time I try to discuss films and music, they just comment on the looks of the actors/actresses/artists. I'm effectively alone amongst friends.

As a result of all this, I barely find any joy in my daily life. I'm intellectually starved, and I harbour deep feelings of crushing loneliness. I need to seek help before things get out of control.

As I'm writing this, I'm not sure I should post it. I realise this is not a brief message anymore, but I really need to get this out of my system as no one else around me seems to notice my anguish.

Damn it all, I'll just post this and see if someone responds.

Thanks in advance!

**UPDATE**: Thank you very much, all of you! I already feel much better, and I could't imagine the amount of support I'd receive. You guys/girls are the best!
"
"I've worked so long to become a doctor, and I have all these loans to repay. And I have a husband and son. I do this work, and I just suck at it. I'm not fast enough, and I don't know enough. I cry at work frequently, occasionally in front of my colleagues. I feel awful all the time. And I leave my husband at home with my son, and my husband is so tired because he has insomnia, and I can't stay home to help. I can't just quit and do something I'm good at, because then I couldn't pay off our loans. I'm our only source of income.

If I killed myself, my student loans would be canceled, and my husband could move back to where our families live, so he would have help with our son. I'm a shitty doctor and a shitty mother.

I keep trying to figure out where I could find a really tall building that has access for me to jump off of. If I kill myself, I need it to really work. I think I'll take a bunch of different kinds of pills just in case I survive the fall, because they'll be so distracted dealing with the trauma that they won't notice that I'm dying of other toxicities. Maybe?

So the main obstacles are finding the building to use, and then getting all the pills. I bet I could get the pills, considering my job, but it would be hard to hide it, so once I commit there's no going back.

That means I'm a good ways away from actually doing it. This can't be something impulsive, because a failed attempts would be worse than death. If I could just feel okay most of the time, I'd be fine with giving up this plan. As it is I feel like the worst person, most of the time, and I'm constantly letting everyone down--family, patients, colleagues.

Prior to today, my lowest moment was when I left the house for work and had to made a very deliberate decision to head to work instead of trying to drive to a very tall building and kill myself. Today I had an even lower moment, when my son had been napping for longer than usual, so I worried that maybe something was wrong, and then I thought maybe if he were dead I could take a break from my responsibilities because everyone would understand if I freaked out and couldn't work after my kid died."
"Have been for some time.  Nothing has worked.  Pills... Therapy... etc. I have tried and tried and tried but in the end I cannot find a reason to go on.  I have fucked over those who mean the most to me.  I've left them high and dry.  I have thrown it all away.  I will never be able to come back from what has happened to me... to what I have become.  I am damaged goods... a sympathy case who has lived in torment for too long desperately trying to find a reason to go on... I beg of you to give me one.

Totally conflicted..."
"I'm a grad student in engineering. I've been very depressed since college. This summer I was diagnosed with ADHD after a severe bout of depression. Suddenly, my life and thought patterns began to make so much more sense. Focusing and anxiety have been dominating my life for as long as I can remember. 

I started taking Strattera for a few weeks this past summer but then decided to drop it and opted to eat very healthy (almost zero processed foods) and exercise regularly. I'm now in the best shape of my life. I feel better, but I'm still just as unproductive as I used to be. So now my lack of productivity/focus is depressing me and frustrating those in my lab. 

I'm glad that I have been physically healthier, but I'm beginning to wonder if I should go back on the medication for my attention issue. I'm reluctant because I've been eating so naturally and medication would be really against the grain. 

Does anyone have any thoughts or similar experiences?"
"I don't think I'm suicidal at all. Sorry. Maybe a lot of people think like me but rather than commit suicide; i just want to stop existing. Maybe everyone i know wants to stop existing too but basically i just want to not be me. I want to be not here. I hate this planet. I just want it to end. Help me.


To be honest, I'm afraid of the day when i am suicidal and i grow the pair to do it. It's frightens me. I never want to be that guy."
"I am fifteen. I am supposed to graduate high school early. Even if I somehow finished all the school work, my school requires a senior project. You pick a topic usually about what you want as a career. Unfortunately I forgot to develop a personality or interests. I have one year to find a topic for that project and I can not do that. For a while i went on the decision I would wait the year, and if I came up with nothing I would kill myself then, but I don't wait that long. I'm tired of dealing with everything I do. I can't think of a reason to prolong this. The only reason I have is I'm helping a couple seniors with math, but they are both so far behind they probably won't graduate on time anyway. I'm not really contributing anything, why should I keep going? My options seem to be failure or death. Death seems to be the best option. "
"I am a man without hope nor ambition; I crave nothing and I desire nothing. Having been so incompletely capable of writing myself out of existence, I am completely alone; I am a failure even in trying to snuff myself out.

I am 22 years old and I have chosen all of the wrong choices throughout life: I have chosen to major in a profession ( English with emphasis on Education ) without any bright future for an inordinate time to come. I harbor opinions and beliefs which only serve to alienate me from any whom would call me friend and sever those few connections which I have left.

I am unwanted; not even the most desperate of industries desire my help. Since the recession, I have been unemployed and without ambition. Having tried many avenues of employment only to be turned away time and time again, I am without any ability to make myself wanted. 

I loathe relationships and I abhor romance; having suffered at the hands of a scornful lover for five years, ( having broken off the relation two years prior ) I love no one. I grow livid whenever anyone offers me compassion and I do anything I possibly can to avoid such situations. I hate love.

I have seen my country crumble towards ruin as long as I've been alive. Since 9/11, I've seen the vice grow tighter and tighter upon the people with little chance of respite. I have seen the worst of criminals go free to continue their reigns while the best of society remain within the clutches of tyranny. I have seen no one in our government punished for their atrocities; I have seen everyone in our society suffer due to their villainy. I am furthest without hope in that regard.

I have tried to kill myself twice, but have turned back and cowered from release: the first with alcohol and sleeping pills, the second by the blade of a knife. Twice, I've cowered; twice, I've returned to the horrors of life around me and the emptiness which dwells within it. I have been the cornerstone and rock for many of my friends throughout life, but I have completely lost my way. I am failing in school due to my inability to help myself and I feel that it has lost its importance due to the whole of the world around me.

I feel the clutch of the abyss, but I feel that no one feels it nor would care to do anything about it. I've hit rock bottom; I can go no further. I am without any of the things which compel people to live: ambition and passion, fire and ice, kindness and vitriol. I've lost all capability to be, and without it, I am nothing.

I really don't know what to do anymore. I don't know anything anymore. I am completely and utterly lost.

( EDIT: I'll try to hold on. I ache insufferably, but I'll hold on. Perhaps it is just a facet of life --- that to feel pain is to live --- so, I'll hold on. I'm not sure for how long I'll hold, but at least I'll try, if only out of cowardice. I'll try to write once more and try to find some way, any way to pay off all of my debts. I don't really know what to say to the kindness of strangers, being that I am standoffish to the subject for the most part, but for lack of words, I'll say, ""Thank you."" It's all I've got. )"
"I'm not suicidal.  I thought hat I was for along time, but, whatever it is that it takes to commit suicide, I just don't have it in me.  I honestly think that I'm just too much of a coward to go through with it.  I tried mixing muscle relaxants with alcohol before thinking that i might be able to do it by ""accident"", but it just landed me in the ER talking to a social worker.  I have the medical records that say that I was coherent and highly logical, but I wast extremely drunk at the time, I only remember about five minutes of the 3 hours I was there.

I'm a heavy drinker and an Iraq vet, but I honestly don't think that either of those are the problem.  They both exacerbate my problem, I'm sure, but I want to get at the root.

I hate life.  Not just my own, but I honestly hate the fact that life itself exists at all.  We're nothing but a cosmic accident.

 ""No Life.  No life at all, but giant steps, ninety feet high, scoured by dust and wind into a constantly changing topographical map, flowing and shifting around the pole in ripples ten thousand years wide, ell me, wouls it be greatly improved by an oil pipeline?""

I'm a terrible, terrible person.  The only emotions that I know are null and rage, an dI take it out on the few people that are left in my life that I care about.  I'm emotionally abusive, especially towards my parents.  I avoid contacts with other human beings as much as possible.

The catch is - as much as I know that this is a terrible way to live, I enjoy it.  I  honestly feel that I thrive in my solitude.  But I'm hurting a lot of people along the way.

edit:  This is not sustainable.  I need help.  I want help.  but ""I've never trusted psychiatrists, and I was just a few blocks away from the Ft Hood shooting last year, and that was done by a ft hood psychiatrist so I don't trust any of them anymore. How in hell am I supposed to listen to someone's advice about my shit that might go apeshit crazy themselves? There, in my mind, is no way to verify credibility."""
"Hey /r/SW. I'm not really sure where to start, so sorry if this gets a little rambly. I've had problems with depression and anxiety since I was 12 or 13, and there's been ups and downs in dealing with it but now it seems like I'm at my absolute lowest. I'm trying to get over an alcohol problem because I have a feeling that my months of constant binge drinking either brought on or severely exacerbate the panic attacks that I've been having. 

I have no friends anymore; I used to be pretty good friends with my ex, but my constant depression/anxiety drove him away. I can understand this, but what makes it so much worse is that the few times we do hang out, he's always talking about how much more fun [mutual friend] is than me, how she doesn't do [thing I do that he doesn't like], how they're going to Hollywood or wherever to have fun and that he *guesses* I can come *if I want*. He only invites me to hang out when he doesn't have anyone else, and whenever I do go I end up just feeling worse and worse about myself. 

I've never been more depressed in my life. I burst into tears for no reason, and I can't really picture any sort of future for myself. I'm failing my classes, I don't make enough money at my job to move out of my parents house let alone move back to my home state where I was at least happy. I feel like there's no way I can get another job or even make it through a job interview with the anxiety I have now. I hate where I live more than I can possibly say, there's no woods I can disappear into for a few hours whenever I want to think, I have no one to talk to, I don't feel ""at home"" at all and I feel like it's slowly draining all the happiness and personality out of me. 

A couple months ago I found a suicide note I wrote when I was 18, and a few times when I was drunk I had to physically resist the impulse to just jump out of a high window. At the time it scared me, but now, honestly, the thought of killing myself is the only one that comforts me. I can't take the constant anxiety, the not being able to do things I love like concerts, travelling, hiking because I don't know if I'm going to break down, the fact that I feel absolutely hopeless about my life and have no idea what I'd want to do with it even if I didn't feel this way. 

I used to be able to tell myself, what's the point in committing suicide, even if you're generally unhappy then there's still things to enjoy about life, but I just don't feel like those things are worth it anymore. "
"I've been in a depression for about two years and it intensified over the course of the last year to the point where I'm completely apathetic about life. I've been legitimately considering suicide for about a year and a half and have kept putting it off due to procrastination and the subtle thought that things will get better.

However, they've only gotten much worse. I'm currently 18 years old and enrolled at a community college. All of my friends are off enjoying themselves at ""real"" colleges. I also hoped to go off to a real college to restart my life, and I think this missed opportunity was the final straw. I feel like I'm missing out on so much.

I'm forced to stay behind with my parents. My mother is emotionally abusive and manipulative, as well as an alcoholic. I constantly feel bad for her because I know she wishes she could make things right, but she's screwed up so much over the last decade or so that she doesn't care anymore either. The house we've lived in for 10 years is going to go to foreclosure in the next two weeks because my mom doesn't have a job and can't pay the mortgage.

My dad remarried over the summer and completed his process of no longer caring about my family. He has always been emotionally distant and never seemed proud of anything I did. He always wants more. He cares more about his new wife, whom he has known for a year, more than any of his kids. He has refused to give my mom a loan to try and keep the house while she searches for a job, even though he extended such an offer a year ago before he met his new wife.

This makes me feel very lost and having no family to talk to. I also have no friends I feel comfortable sharing my thoughts with. All of them are mostly old high school acquintances. If I hadn't slumped off into depression in high school my grades wouldn't have tanked and I wouldn't be in community college. If I do really well over the next two years I can get a guaranteed transfer to a state school, but it's too late, my grades are already plummeting because I don't care and plan on killing myself before Christmas.

As seems typical for these posts, I'm a virgin who's never had a girlfriend either. I work a retail job with long hours and low pay and can barely afford to eat since I live with my dad (who doesn't care about my wellbeing) after my mom kicked me out (yet she constantly says how much she misses me, but won't let me come back). I also can't afford a therapist or doctor or medication or whatever you will prescribe.

I have no family or friends to support me, a very stressful and tiring low wage job, poor grades at a school I never wanted to go to, and little hope for my future as my world crumbles around me with foreclosures and the like. I just want to stop procrastinating and put an end to it. I'm pretty sure this is the course of action I will take but I'd like to hear some alternative thoughts before I finish it."
"I don't even really know what to say anymore.

A big part of me hates complaining about things, for a number of varied reasons. So it's hard to come here and just whine and bitch for no real purpose. Unfortunately, I feel like that's the best recourse I have right now.

Everyone I know is either asleep or too busy to get involved. It figures that the one time that is really hard for me (nights) has to overlap directly with the time when the fewest people are available to be there. When it's easy for people to help, I don't need it; but when it requires going a little bit out of their way, they won't do it, and naturally that's when I'm the most desperate. The feelings of despair and abandonment just feed themselves on this irony.

I feel like I lack the energy and desire to continue fighting. I'm still cycling between deep depression and hypomania, often within the space of a few hours. It's so exhausting. Worse, it's virtually impossible to treat with medication - the drugs take far too long to kick in and address only one half of the equation. The best I can do is ride it out. There's no hope for eliminating the symptoms entirely; I'll be stuck with this pattern for the rest of my life.

Sure, I may have periods of stability and lucidity; I may go for months at a time with no problems, as I did earlier this year. But looming in the back of my mind is the constant reminder that someday I'll have to go through it all again - the aching, the anger, the fear, the rush, the buzz, the high, the cutting, the self-medicating, the long nights of trying to talk myself out of hospitalization or even being fully committed.

I am so very tired of this. Even as I sit here, wide awake against my wishes and full of energy, I'm drained past the point of being empty. I haven't just given it all I've got - I'm in debt. And I have no idea how to find my way back to stability and normalcy.

I've started making my final plans. I'm working on a checklist of all the loose ends I want to tie up before I go, and all the people I need to write to. I know how devastating it will be when I finally check out. I'm under no illusions that this will make things better for anyone but me. Call me selfish if you want; if ending the most miserable state of existence I can fathom is selfish, then so be it - I'm an asshole. But isn't it just as selfish for everyone else in my life to demand that I stay in this state forever, just so they can avoid the pain of losing me? Who is really making the more selfish demands here?

Some of my friends need to know what they've done to help - because they *have* helped. A few others need a swift kick in the ass for being more or less useless. My family is probably the hardest one; despite their misguided attempts to drown me in religion as a cure for all this, they at least care enough to *try* something. I want my doctor to know that I think he did his best with the material he had available, and that I don't think of this as a failure on his part at all.

This is entirely my own decision.

I don't know why I'm even posting this. Maybe it's to struggle for some last illusion of having someone here to fight with me. Maybe I just don't want to disappear into oblivion when the time comes, and this is my way of leaving a trace of who I am and what happened to me.

Maybe it's just a totally self-indulgent smear of pathetic ink at the end of the otherwise forgettable page.


I think my biggest regret is that I'll probably wake up again tomorrow."
"Okay, I'm sick of this. I have been depressed for so long...I've made half a dozen posts on here before asking for help.

I'm tired of feeling this way. Something's clearly wrong with me. And I want to get help.

I don't know if this is just some weird partly sunny feeling amidst all the clouds or what...for months I have been planning and tying up loose ends for an eventual attempt to leave the planet on the best possible terms (under these circumstances).

The past few days the survival part of my brain has been working better than usual...still not great, but I'm now considering taking drastic action in order to save my life. And I do mean drastic. I have a lot of issues that I'd have to work on in order to return to any resemblance of normal. By getting help, I would essentially be forfeiting my current life as I know it.

I just need one last push. Maybe some help working out the best way I can do this logistically so that perhaps I wouldn't have to forfeit so much of my life in order to do this. Or advice on the best way to ensure that I get all the help that I need. I feel like this is the right thing to do at the moment but I'm also really scared..."
"Hi all. 


I don't need help urgently but this has been worrying me for a little while now, and my trip is approaching fast. **TL;DR in bold.**

**Six months ago a good friend of mine (let's call her E) was hospitalised after a traffic accident.** Her **long-term partner (let's call her A, also a friend)**, who she had not seen for a few months (A lives overseas most of the year), flew back as soon as she heard, but **E died a few days later.**

We were all very upset, but A would talk a lot about suicide and the un-fixable lack of meaning in her life. Our group of friends tried hard to look out for her – hanging out in groups, trying to avoid drinking, etc – but when she said things like that we weren't sure how to react. We were all feeling awful, but no-one was in her situation.

A went back overseas soon after, where she thankfully has an established group of friends &amp; colleagues. We've kept in touch, but always just chatted about inconsequential stuff.

**I'm heading O/S to where she is next week, for a 3-week holiday, a lot of which will be spent hanging out with her.**

**A called my girlfriend (who is also a friend of A &amp; E) the other night, after midnight, while I was out. A was upset and had been drinking. She may have mentioned suicide, and kept saying to my GF ""please don't tell [seeingmyfriendnextwk] that I'm like this"".**

**What's the best thing I can do to help my friend? How should I respond if she talks about suicide?**

**edit:** Forgot to add that A used to be a volunteer counsellor for a suicide hotline a few years back, and consequently says that she ""knows all the lines people use"".

(Obviously a throwaway acct, since the friend knows my regular username)

Thanks for reading."
"Hi Reddit.  I've been hanging around here for many years now and know very well that you have a generous heart and an interest in alleviating emotional suffering.  

A psychologist friend based in Hartford, CT (Dr. Richard Shulman) has run a nonprofit organization, Volunteers in Psychotherapy (VIP) for many years.  The premise is beautiful:  VIP offers people completely free and private psychotherapy without strings attached.  The 'catch' is that the recipients of services must volunteer with a charity of their choosing, matching service hour for hour (I believe).  Anyone can qualify for this service (is my understanding) but it is local to Hartford only at this time.  

Though clients don't pay VIP or affiliated therapists for services, VIP does have expenses they must meet in order to function.  They raise the necessary funds in part through grants.  The Ashoka Changemakers - Amgen Foundation has recently announced that VIP is one of 10 Finalists (out of almost 300 applicant organizations) for their ""Patients - Choices - Empowerment"" online grant competition worth $10K.  There will be three winners, chosen by way of online voting, and *anyone* can vote to help them win.  

Voting is now available online through December first.  Please vote for VIP to win this grant: [http://www.changemakers.com/node/92428](http://www.changemakers.com/node/92428)

To learn more about VIP, please visit their [website](http://www.ctvip.org/), and/or listen to this [podcast](http://www.mentalhelp.net/poc/view_index.php?idx=119&amp;d=1&amp;w=9&amp;e=28824) where Dr. Shulman talks about VIP.  

Please feel free to cross-post as you see fit.  I have posted here because it appears to be one of the larger subreddits addressing mental suffering; not because it is the definitive place this post should fly

Thank you!"
"This is a throw-away specifically for posting things that are difficult for me to post.

I'm going through a rough patch in my life. I have no friends (actually zero, not just a metaphor), no social life, I feel incredibly uncomfortable about myself but I've always been quite strong.

I was walking home thinking about some things which I've been going through recently and I realised that I have self-censored myself and who I am for so long that I simply don't know who I am any more. I felt like I was lying at the bottom of a stifling ocean looking up at the sun. Being crushed by the weight of my own walls.

I've been depressed before when I was younger, it runs in the family. This feeling I have now is different though, I've always felt that suicide is not an option, tomorrow might be the best day of your life, theres only one way to find out. But right now I do not feel strong, I am weary and I realised that I actually wanted to be under a lot of water suddenly.

So I am posting this here to say that I have become a risk to myself, I am going to make a doctors appointment this evening. Going to go for a walk, clear my head and then I'll post some more. 


**Back-from-walk-edit:**
So I guess I should give some info about myself and what the deal it;
I'm a 25 year old guy, I have two university degrees and I am currently working as a programmer. 
When I was 11 my family and I moved to Holland, I lived there until I was 18 when I moved to England to study. When I was 23 I moved back to Norway to work, and that's really where I am today. I live in the 'burbs' as it were, I work in a small company and all I really have right now is my work and the internet.

I sometimes find it hard to make friends without an 'in', how do you approach someone and make friends with them without first having a reason to talk to them?

My depression, I don't know where to start really. I don't feel like I know myself, I feel like I've missed out on something crucial. I'm fiercely independent, even when I know I shouldn't be I have to actively force myself to accept help in any way, which is why I'm having such problems writing this. I posted something over on r/asktransgender (hence the throw-away-account-name) because honestly I think there is a lot of luggage that I need to sort through.

I am not happy with who I am, I am not happy with where I am in life and I am not happy with my prospects for the future. I know that there are many many doors open to me, but that's not what it feels like.

If I am anything it is rational, which is why I am posting here, I recognize that I have somehow strayed from the beaten path, but I think I rationalised away the things that made me me if that makes sense.
I think I used to be happy once, I used to be different. I guess my depression can be summed up as; I do not know who I am any more, I do not know what I like or where to find joy. I am acutely aware of my own mortality, and while I am not afraid of dying (I do not see the point since you'll be dead afterwards), I don't like the idea of suffering, or knowing that ""soon it will be over"". 

I am probably the least interesting SW poster in the history of SW, but I felt obligated to post due to my recent thought patterns and I appreciate all the goodwill from everyone here, you're a fantastic community.

**At work edit:** I feel an overwhelming need to cry, and I don't know why! "
"I'm planning to leave tonight. I have my pills ready beside me. Keep me company while I fade, Reddit. "
"So, I think I'm done.

I think I've followed all the advice, done everything I can. I'm not the usual demographic for these posts. I'm not even sure why I'm posting here, except that I believe in doing all the research before making a decision.

I'm thirty years old, and have been pretty successful professionally. I'm well-educated, decent-looking and outgoing. I give back to the community in a lot of ways, and I've been a good friend to many.

However, I think it's possible to be so broken that you can't be fixed. I come from an extremely abusive home, and lost the person I knew best to suicide when we were in our late teens. I never, ever felt loved and held out hope that I would one day find a family of some kind, if not a partner, then a family of choice. That has not proven to be true. I've been in therapy for many years, and have tried medication. I get exercise, I'm creative; I feel like I've exhausted the options. I was unhappy, so I quit a bad job, I've traveled the world. I've had some great lovers. I've accomplished a lot.

And it is utterly and totally meaningless, in the end. And I've been trying to climb up out of this hole for my entire life. And it turns out there's no way out, not for me.

I guess this is just me trying to sort out everything, checking off all the boxes."
[removed]
"I could use some advice or whatever. I've tried to get over my ""depression"" (I hate the word) I've really tried, I tried ignoring it for 3 years but then it got so unbearable the only way I could sleep was hoping I would never wakeup. So I tried getting help, I told my family, I went to the doctors, they eventually gave me medication (citalopram) but I ended up taking 30 of them after a while and was in hospital for 2 days and after that I never dared going back to the doctors again. I don't think any sort of councelling would help because I can't talk to people.
I've told everyone I'm fine and it's all ok and I thought I was for a few weeks but it's crept back up on me and now I just want out more than anything. What can I do. I feel like I've tried everything.
Thanks for taking the time to read/help. Thankyou

Edit: Thanks for all replies so far, reddit really is here to help isn't it :)"
"Ever since I can remember I made mediocre grades, not once getting straight A's. I chalked it up to being lazy and not doing the work, but that's not the case... i'm just not as smart as my parents always made me out to be. Now I'm in college and am failing 3 of 4 courses... I get depressed and don't feel like going to class, which probably makes my grades worse, but even when I actually tried in the begining I couldn't manage to understand any of the material, and it seemed like everyone in the class got it except for me. I don't know what to do anymore, this school does not even offer the major I feel like I could actually be alright pursuing. I feel like i'm not good at anything, and before you say EVERYONE is good at SOMETHING, it simply isn't true with me... I honestly can't find one thing i'm good at. Even the one thing I do with my time, constant video games, I am not very good at. I just feel like it would be so much easier to not be alive and not have to deal with any of this stress anymore..."
[removed]
"A couple of days ago I randomly felt really happy. I was excited about trying to figure out a possible career (I'm a sophomore in college). The last couple of days I feel nothing but bored. Who cares if I find a career?I don't know what I believe in spiritually at all. I don't know how the hell I could ever be 100% sure of believing in creationism (the social norm of my country - USA) or even atheism. Honestly, every single part of this world just seems like complete bull shit to me right now. I don't even feel like happiness is real. I feel like its a fake consciousness society wants me to think I feel in order to survive. Why? Why do I need to be alive? Why does anyone need to be alive? Maybe I could go to school and become super smart and write fancy articles for some fancy magazine or newspaper. I could have opinions and back them up with impressive arguments. But why? Its all just complete bull shit. None of that stuff is going to make me happy. Nothing really makes me happy. I want to hop in my car and and just drive it off the bridge into the river. Why? Because I hate sitting here and having thoughts like this. I just want them to go away. The only thing I don't feel apathetic towards right now is suicide. I have feelings like this all the time and have never voiced them. Thought I would give it a try. I won't do anything. And I apologize for the horrible grammar in this... I've also been having a hell of a time articulating myself. 

Edit: Also, I'm not going to take any stupid medications for some ridiculous mental disorder society decides to brand me with. Been there, done that. It doesn't really work. Just fucks with my head more. "
"First a little about me I guess. I'm here for help, so...yup. I'm 20, and I'm flushing my life down the drain. I am in my third year at an extremely good (one of the best 10 in the world apparently) engineering university, but I'm way too apathetic now to put in any effort. I spend a lot of my time randomly crying or ignoring what's bothering me by watching lots of movies or sinking hours into MMOs.

I come from a very supportive family, both of my parents are university educated too...I don't even have to pay for my own education. Things are easy, things are good. I don't try to talk with them anymore, they call me and ask me to call back. I never do. It's too painful. I know they feel really terrible about how I'm wasting my life.

I'm in pain. Not for any amazing reason. Just that I feel alone. Even though I'm not. I have no self-esteem, I can't identify what I've done that I'm proud of. I wish I could be friends with my doormate, she's really pretty, but then I hate myself for wanting to be her friend just because of that. My teeth are all yellow though because I haven't even bothered trying to buy new toothpaste for the last 4 weeks. My room is a rathole.

Anyways, I feel going deleting everything I've written so far here. I'll badger on though.

My point in the end is that there is really nothing unfixable about me. I'm just too weak and lazy to fix my problems. I know no one in this world even gives a crap whether or not I fix my problems, except for my parents, and I'll like to kill myself just for my parents really. At least that way they will eventually get over it.

I'd really like to write: ""So what's the easiest way to kill yourself?"", but this is not exactly the sub-reddit and a Google search will tell me that anyways. Instead, please give me your meaningless kind words. Maybe one of them will shatter my world and put me on a better heading.

Most probably not though. Anyways, I'm thinking jumping out in front of a subway train has got to be pretty effective. Those things pack a punch.

**EDIT:** Was just thinking about it a bit. It would be pretty cool if someone loved me or something. But that needs me to love myself first. Which is not happening. I'm not going to any more classes too. Fuck that shit.

**EDIT:** I also hate the way I look. "
"I do not know what is wrong with me. I feel hopeless, that I am a failure, and I am going to die. I started going to therapy for the first time a few weeks ago, been to about 3 sessions, not useful. All we do is go over the many different ways in which I suck, she says nothing, does nothing, it makes me feel worse than if I went back to not talking to anybody. 

How does therapy work, how do I get a good councilor? How do I be happy? Please help, I have nowhere else to turn......."
"I'm American, currently in Italy and I don't really speak Italian.
Does anyone know of any English speaking crisis help in Italy?

I really need to sit down with a samaritan and talk. Preferably check into somewhere safe where someone can watch over me. I'm all alone and I'm afraid of doing something I might regret.

Can I just walk into the local hospital? Or will they turn me away? 
I feel physically sick and on the verge of a million panic attacks.
Would it be a bad idea to call an ambulance? 

I just don't know what to do...

EDIT

I just spoke to the local Samaritans hotline and talked to a very friendly man in English.

Apparently the local police will give me a ride to the hospital.

I really hope this is the first step to getting well again.

Now I just have to force myself out the door. I'm terrified :("
"I don't know why I am bothering to write all this.  Do I think it will help?  No not really.  I guess it makes me feel like I made a final effort.

I have been depressed for years.  I have been on every drug at every dosage.  I have been to therapists.  I have tried Yoga.  I have depression, lupus, and thyroiditis (or something like that - they have not completed diagnosing).  I have worked hard to get through school and get a ""real"" job.  But I am so freaking depressed that I can't get out of bed to come to work.  I have been 'counseled' at work and am in danger of losing my job.  No one seems to understand the absolute struggle it is to get out of bed.  Someone actually told me I ""use this as a crutch"" to be lazy.  There is nothing left to try - I am tired of feeling like this all the time and having people act like I am just making shit up.  My favorite is ""You have so much going for you - why would you be depressed?""  
I just moved 8 hours away from all my family.  I have no support.  I just can't do this.  

EDIT:  I look forward to actually doing it so everyone can say ""Oh gosh, I guess she really was sick!"""
"I will preface by saying that I feel like a middle-schooler when I say ""I hate myself because I'm not pretty enough."" But, /r/suicidewatch, I'd really like for someone to hear me out.

I am not ugly. In fact, I would probably be considered cute by quite a few standards. I have a boyfriend who I know for a fact thinks I'm pretty. And yet I will never think it is enough.

When my boyfriend browses the internet for Zooey Deschanel or Katy Perry or any other beautiful star to peruse their pictures, my heart drops. For example, if there is a picture of Zooey that he hasn't seen, he HAS to see it. He loves everything about her from her acting, her music, her looks, everything. He even used to joke to me that she would ""sing into his cock like a microphone"" before I broke down and told him that it made me feel awful every time he mentioned it. I can never measure up to these girls. I will NEVER be that beautiful, no matter how much I exercise or how much surgery I go through. Sure, I'm cute, but I can't be THAT cute. I can't do that for him. The thing is this: I want to be the prettiest girl in the world to my boyfriend. But I can't, because there are women who are infinitely more beautiful and talented than me.

I guess this boils down to a self-worth issue. I've tried to work on seeing myself in a more positive light, but I run into a problem when I realize that the only time I have this issue is when my boyfriend is in the equation. I'm fine with myself until I think about how I want him to see me. He has absolutely nothing to do with my wanting to be ""pretty enough"". I do this to myself because of some deep-rooted urge in my soul to be pretty enough for him. And when I say this is rooted in my soul, I mean just that. It feels almost primal.

The other night after work, I sat in my car in the parking lot and sobbed for about half an hour. There was a huge building across from me, and for that 30 minutes I considered turning on my car, slamming my foot onto the gas pedal, and crashing into the building. I had plenty of room to build up speed. I thought about the reactions of the people I would hurt by doing this, including my family, friends, the people in the building, and most of all my boyfriend. They would all be devastated, but soon it would only be a minor heartache, and eventually nothing at all. This was the first time I've seriously considered committing suicide, and I've been thinking about it ever since.

I feel like the only girl in the world who feels this devastated by my boyfriend being bombarded with images of beautiful women. I don't know what to do anymore.

TL;DR/ The equation:
Beautiful women &gt; boyfriend LOVES these beautiful women &gt; I am not as beautiful as these women &gt; boyfriend wishes I were more beautiful (complete fabrication in my own mind) &gt; I will never be beautiful enough

**EDIT:** Thanks. I think I just needed someone to hear me out without accusing me of being immature and blowing me off. I have looked up councilors at my University and will contact them tomorrow before the holidays to ask them who I should talk to. Again, thank you. It is really comforting to know that other people have felt the same way, and your kind words have helped me to feel better."
"I tried to slit my wrists last week. I downed a handful of clonopin, took a few swigs of vodka, and found a knife that my roommates had missed hiding. It was dull, so I started hacking away with a shaving razor. I didn't get deep enough, and, soon enough, I passed out.

I was hospitalized for a week. I was miserable. Things in my life... they suck massively right now. My life is changed forever.

But while I was there, I saw a lot of people who were hanging on to lives that seemed even less worth living than my own. People who could barely function, could barely even talk without going to sleep. People who could never remember their names, or who were hearing voices telling them to kill people. Guys who would shit themselves and not realize it, but who would sit there at group therapy and talk about how sad they felt because they didn't want to be in the hospital, they wanted to be out in the world having relationships with people.

It was depressing... and it was eye opening.

A lot of these people were there because they had SERIOUS psychological disorders. There was no way they would ever, ever have a normal life. They would remain in mental wards and institutions until the day they die. There was no hope for them to have what we would consider a ""normal"" life... yet they still had people who cared about them, could still name things that they liked about themselves (even if it was just, ""I'm nice to people""). I came to really care about these individuals.

And I realized what a fool I was for being so conceited as to think that my absence from this world would not affect anyone else; that the problems I was facing were enough to rip me out of the lives of those who cared about me. I thought about how devastated I was when my aunt committed suicide, or when my best friend suddenly passed away.

I thought about all the low-income, struggling students that I most wanted to teach, to change, to help... and how, without me, they might not have that chance. Even just the homeless guy on a park bench who might want somebody to talk to--that I wouldn't be around to sit down and have a conversation with, to brighten his day.

SW, I was here that night. It was a throwaway, I think. My whole world has crumbled to the ground. But the truth is, your life does not end here. Don't let your current state of mind fool you into thinking that EVERY SINGLE INCH of your life is worthless. Even the stupid little inch that you don't think matters is important. This world is a fucking terrible place, and not staying around to do your part to make it better is an insult to the rest of us. There ARE people who care about you. By removing yourself, you are leaving behind more pain in the world. By using the resources that you have (us, and look in the sidebar), you can improve yourself. You can't make the sucky stuff go away. But you can change the way you react to the sucky things that happen. Shit isn't going to stop happening. Awful, horrible, life-shattering shit goes on every day. That's why we need you. We need you to demonstrate your strength in the face of the absolute worst adversity you have ever seen. We need you to bring your stories to the people who need to hear them, and to let them know that it gets better.

You are a wonderful, individual creation. You might not realize it. You might take it for granted. But where you are right now is the most important stage of your life right now. You can forfeit and waste all of your potential, or you can take a step in a new direction, push on--as *painful* as this step can be--push on, and help others push on, because we need you, because you need us, because we all need each other more than we actually realize.

I love you, despite all of your shortcomings and flaws. I love you all, no matter what reasons you have that you think I shouldn't. And you can discount what I say, and you can insult me, and you can be cynical and angry all you want, but that's not going to change how I feel. You have such potential. Your vision is just clouded right now. Please at least consider what I have said. Please, stretch your mind just a little bit to the possibility that these words are true. You are not a waste. Your world has not ended. Your world, your most important chapter, begins with you making the choice to press on through the most difficult time.

Let my anguish have some meaning. At least let the hell I've gone through do something for you. I am thankful that you are alive.



**Edit**: Thanks for your comments; they mean a lot. I say all of this, but I'm still fighting every day. Hugs to you all."
"I get comfortable in bed, wrap something around my neck, and contemplate tightening it, and he invariably comes prancing in to cuddle up next to me and purr. "
"Sorry if I sound a bit incoherent right now, I'm still tearing up. Today I came back home for thanksgiving from college and I visited my dad in the hospital, where he has been for about 2-3 weeks due to his depression. When I saw him, I saw him brighten up and say, ""I miss you man"" When I looked at him, I noticed he lost a lot of weight, and he looked fragile. He looked weak but he could get up. From that point, I had to do my best to hold back my tears and I smiled and told him how college is going really well and I'm doing great in class. I noticed he kept looking down sadly. The nurse brought him food and he barely ate. My mom encouraged him to take a bite or so and he did then he felt full. I didn't realize the real impact of the situation because when I heard my dad going to the hospital and gradually feeling better each day, I underestimated the situation. But when I saw him with me own eyes, I felt horrible. I felt responsible for this. So many things have happened to him. He lost his job over the summer. I moved out of the house to college (I called him and my mom everyday to keep in touch). The divorce also happened but my mom is the one actively taking care of him and I'm grateful for that. But I just felt horrible seeing him sit on that green chair, looking down with a gloomy expression on his face. When my mom asked the nurse if he could go home for thanksgiving because I was only back for the week, she said she was sorry but my dad had to stay. At this point I started to tear up but I still held back. What made me lose it was when my dad and I had an alone time and he started telling me ""my life is over. Tell mom she's a great woman and a great mother and tell your sister I love her and I love you but my life is over"" I kept reassuring him that he has a long life ahead and he's just hitting a bump in the road. He will be okay, he just has to think about the positive things. Try to live without regrets and we all make mistakes and we are not perfect. Then he started tearing up and asking God to forgive him. I started to feel guilty because I feel like the fact that I moved 4 hours away from him for college catalyzed his depression. All the accumulation of bad things that happened caused his depression. When I came back home with my mom I ran to my room and started crying. I feel like a horrible son. I remember how I disappointed my dad several times in the past. I remember how I told my mom ""why did you marry daddy"" when I was probably 6 and I was pretty pissed about something but I don't even remember anymore. I want to take it all back. I want my dad to be happy. I feel like I'm at fault for this. I would never tell my dad this because I don't want him to feel like he's the reason I'm blaming myself. I just feel horrible about the situation. What can I do to help my dad? I want him to be happy again. I don't even know who to turn to."
"I've been checking this subreddit all day at work, feeling really chewed up inside. I feel like a fake, because my life isn't that bad and things aren't terrible, but I feel like life is pointless. I really want to end it, I know we have the technology, I have this fantasy that someone will tell me ""It's okay, just sign here and we'll take care of the rest"" 
 
Also I feel like i can't end up in the psych ward at least until Friday for my mom's sake."
"Repost per redGPz's advice. Thank you, friend.
---
I've had a chronic illness for the last 8 years - symptoms include extreme unrelenting fatigue, terribly distressing digestive issues, muscle pain, constant headache, confusion, blurry vision, sensitivity to strong smells and feeling as if I'm 'daydreaming' constantly.

Depression and anxiety disorders have been ruled out multiple times by multiple doctors. So have common digestive disorders such as Crohn's, Ulcerative Colitis, Diverticulitis, Celiac's and others. Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lupus, MS and other autoimmune disorders tested negative. The only vitamin/mineral I was deficient in was D, but I've taken nearly 250,000 IU's (yes, you've read that correctly) in the last year without help.

The only diagnosis I've received is Chronic Fatigue, teetering on Fibromyalgia.

Several doctors have taken me off any form of pharmaceuticals, including aspirin due to severe reactions to medication. I've tried a HELL of a lot of alternative/holistic treatment which helps very temporarily but doesn't last.

I owe thousands of dollars trying to support myself through this illness (can't work much because I was too sick) and I'm too tired to keep trying to pay it off - it's been there for years and hasn't moved. It's only $4,000, but after years of trying to pay it off only for it to 'stay' feels insurmountable.

Please, somebody tell me an encouraging story about your chronic illness or direct me to a humane way of ending this. I don't want to do this any more.

Edit: Obviously a throw-away account.

Edit 2: Thanks everyone for your responses, I'm sorry I was MIA for a few days - massive blizzards where I'm at and I was having difficulty getting onto Reddit. I appreciate everyone's responses, kind words and encouragement! Thank you!"
"My girlfriend has PTSD, Bipolar, BPD, Panic Disorder, Anxiety Disorder, Eating Disorder, etc... all due to being raped as a child and teen.

She is currently doing DBT and her therapist says that her being independent is important. Now i have no problem with that, its just that some nights she can actively think about killing herself (like tonight) and maybe even do it if I'm not there, so my question is can i leave her alone with friends for a few days ?

Mediaction: Prozac 40mg and Seroquel 150mg (dosent seem to be working) tried (Effexor, Wellbutrin, Risperdrol, Depakote) before, didnt work either or turn her into a zombie
Friends: Best Friends since child hood, however only know about the depression/bipolar not PTSD, etc.."
"I can barely type or think straight right now so please bear with me as I type this. I have been battling depression/anxiety for while now but I have gotten counseling and learned to. I am a college student at a major university. I am on academic probation for the second time meaning if I fuck up again I am through here, and I would've wasted 4 years of my life. 
I write now I am staring at a quarter complete paper. This paper basically will determine if i get kicked out for good or not. I am just out of strength to continue on. I know this sounds trivial and petty compared to other people's problems here but the mind is a powerful thing and to me right now its telling me its the end. 
I have always been embarrassed about telling people about my depression so all my friends here don't know about it and I could never call any of them right now. The two people I can tell are my ex and my brother.
I called my ex and basically told her I was feeling really bad and I needed someone to come over. She was already in bed and said she didn't want to. 
Called my brother who is also in town, he was out drunk with his friends, and basically told me to man up and deal with it.
I guess in both cases I was being to vague about my problem but once again I can't bring myself to actually say. But it just makes me feel worse when the two people that I thought really cared about me won't respond to ""I really really need you to come over now, please""
I am not one to cry wolf so I don't understand why they won't come over. I just need someone here with me, they don't even need to talk to me.
I know this is a cry for attention and I feel like shit for it but my mind won't tell me anything differently its saying you are a failure."
"My grand dad did that.  I won't let my mother lose her father and her son to the same thing.  But I am completely fucked right now.  Everything in my life is wrong.  I've failed out of college, I've gained 20 lbs back off of the 50 I put so much work into losing, I can't find a job, I'm still hung up on an ex.  I'm lower now than I've ever been.  I don't want sympathy or ""it'll get better"" crap, but I would love some links to motivational videos, cute pictures, or any other crap that brings you up when you're down."
"I lost the love of my life.  I went to college for a crap degree and now have $82,000 debt.  I have a terrible job that pays next to nothing.  I live with my parents.  I also have no real friends and I haven't dated in years.  Women laugh at me...

I've tried to get another job.  I've tried dating.  I've done everything in my power to fix things.

My life revolves around working my awful job to pay my loans.  Taking shit from my parents, and being a joke to my family.  They literally make fun of me to my face for having a useless degree and so much debt.

I am tired of working for absolutely no reason other than to pay off my student loans...  I know lots of people have student loan debt, but I was lied to by my parents.  They said they'd pitch in.  Now they laugh at my debt.  FUCK THEM!!!!!!!!!

Yes, I tried to do some programs that would allow me to get a better job, they always turn me down though.  Teach for America is one that I thought I'd definitely get.  Nope.  I have to do customer service for $8.82/hr.  FML.

Does anyone have some advice before I go through with this?  I'm not a dick.  I wont do it during the holidays.  I just realized tonight that it has to happen though.  My situation has been awful for years."
"When feeling like crap, I looked a bunch of things up. The following resources helped me the most.  I now have a new attitude and find that my thoughts are no longer self-defeating and as negative. I hope that these help someone else.

http://www.ted.com/talks/srikumar_rao_plug_into_your_hard_wired_happiness.html

http://www.thehappinesstrap.com/upimages/Introduction_to_the_Happiness_Trap.pdf

http://www.robbinsmadanestraining.com/mponda.html (woman was left with nothing after divorce - rediscovers herself)

http://robbinsmadanescoachtraining.com/?p=430 (halfway down the page; woman who mistrusts men breaks free)

http://www.robbinsmadanestraining.com/jimview1.html (suicidal business man finds joy)

http://robbinsmadanescoachtraining.com/?p=148 (withdrawn food addict is empowered)
"
"I am a selfish, undeserving person. I find myself surrounded by family and friends who love me unconditionally, but I deserve none of it. What I do deserve is to be taken and maimed and tortured until I break and can appreciate the beauty of this world.

Until I break, that will never happen. I am toxic. I am ruining these peoples' lives. I look around and see people struggling every day, people who feel they have nobody to turn to, nobody to love them. They are deserving of what I have. I am wasteful. 

I am so tired of being disgusted with myself. I feel that it's time to end the selfishness with one final act.

I don't know why you're even reading this. I leech off of people who care. What a waste."
"I had been having suicidal ideations since this summer. I have no friends and no one I felt I could really talk to. I swallowed the rest of my bottle of klonopin, and after blacking out for an hour and then feeling very dizzy I decided to tell my mom because I knew then that I really didn't want to die. She rushed me to the ER and when we arrived I was so dizzy I had to hold onto her for support because I was stumbling around and slurring my speech -- I don't remember much of that, other than what she told me. I was monitored in the ER for 24 hours.

I was then transferred to a different hospital in the city to stay in the psychiatric unit. I was there for 5 days and did intensive therapy all day and slept well for the first time in years. I was released yesterday and am going to enter an intensive outpatient treatment program on Monday to make sure I stay on the right track. Trying to take life one day at a time.

Since a young age I have struggled with depression, social anxiety, agoraphobia, and an eating disorder. I had an abusive father growing up but my parents are divorced now and I don't speak to him anymore. What he did during my childhood still affects me greatly, though.

tl;dr I have daddy issues, overdosed, went to the ER, stayed at a psych ward, and now have an appreciation and hope for my life.

**Most importantly, what I want to say is:** if you are reading this and you are having suicidal thoughts, please, *please* get help. You are more important than you realize. I felt like I didn't deserve help, hell, I felt completely worthless. Now I am finally beginning to see that my life has meaning. Don't give up."
"hi, im 21 and have been depressed for a long time, about 6 years. I was cutting for about 4 years when I stopped now i do it intermittently when I feel the 'need'. I always found it relieved the pain, like it was just flowing out. I've never seen doctors or anything about it before a week ago, i thought it was 'weak'. I got over that with the help of my bf. I was put on antidepressants (citalopram) last Wednesday, and have been doing fine (bar the nausea). 

However, the last 2-3 days I've been craving (is the only way to describe what I am feeling) cutting constantly. I find myself wanting it so badly I fantasise about it, dream about it. I cant talk to my bf, i don't want him to worry too much about it."
"I'm been suicidal for just over 6 years now and I think I have finally reached my breaking point. Currently next to me I have a half full bottle of Benadryl, a full bottle of advil, and some kind of anti-biotic I took from my bathroom cabinet. Right now my intention is to just take all of it and wait for my body to fail me... I've been to counseling and it just makes me feel worse. I feel like my life has been a pointless waste of time. I don't even know how I've made it this far. I've gone through so many just fucked up situations and have no one to talk to anymore. That's why I turned to reddit. Is there any kind of hope for me? or am I just better off dead?

EDIT        To everyone who read my post and left me a reply I just want to say thank you for all your kind words. I made me feel good to see that there are people out there whom I don't even know that believe in me and don't want me to give up.. I called one of the mental health clinics here in my town and they found a psychologist who will see me for a reduced fee. I never would have taken that step if it wasn't for you guys. You all helped save my life and helped me to see that even though times are hard on me right now, I still have so much to live for. If anyone still wants to talk to me feel more than welcome to send me a PM. 
Thank you for being in my corner when no one else was redditors, I wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for all of you."
"I can't take this anymore. I know I sound like a typical whiny teenager, but I have come to the end. 

My mother abused me physically and psychologically for all of my life. My father was never really home. School is going well, but that's about it. I have Antisocial Personality Disorder (not officially diagnosed), and am probably cyclothymic. 

My first suicide attempt was at the age of 9 when I took half a bottle of Tylenol. Nothing happened. I have contemplated suicide several times now, but after being home for Thanksgiving, I've realized how much I'm not needed in this world.

Thanks, Reddit, for everything you've done. I have sodium pentobarbital with me that I will take at midnight, CST. 'Till then, please, give me something to talk about.

EDIT: To the individual who PMed me saying how surprised he/she is that ""scumbags"" like me get into medical school and subsequently deleted his/her account, please be considerate. This is really not a forum you should go around trolling in. I'm sorry if you weren't accepted, but if you had asked for tips I would've gladly given you several. This community has brought tears to my eyes as the only people who give a damn about my existence on this Earth; learn from your peers. I'm not saying be nice to me, but don't make it harder than it already is."
"I am so tired of being alive in this world. All I've wanted for the past years was to get going through college. I tried, went to three community colleges, and just felt like I was wasting my time. The first time I failed because I was at a point in my life where I wasn't decided in what I wanted to do with my life. I had been working 14 hour days before this (my father had kicked me out) and my father called me 3 days before the semester started saying he would pay for my college. So, I quit the job and went to college. I was doing good at first, but was forced to enroll in 3 bullshit classes since all the ones I needed to take had filled up. I dropped all of them, late enough that the grades were removed, but not late enough to refund the money. Since this he refuses to help me go back to college. I went back on my own to another community college, in a different city living with friends. I took all online classes (since I had quite a jarring experience the first time). I was late on registering again (I was originally going to go back to the first college and had already had my financial aid and classes registered) and ended up with an algebra class I had already taken in high school (screwed up on the placement test, it had been a while since then), a logic/philosophy class that wasn't really what I thought it was going to be, and an English class. I ended up dropping the English class a little too late because the class was taught on Second Life and I ended up dropping because of technical problems (and the class screamed BS to me). That left me with two classes which I worked on for the rest of the semester. Did decently in my math class, but ended up accidentally failing the logic class because I missed the final exam (didn't find out that there was going to be one until after 3 hours after the test was finished). Another failure in my book though. I  tried against most recently, taking another 3 classes in a new city and state. I did alright at first, but ended up dropping all but my composition class, because I had a falling out with my mother, and I decided I needed to focus on a job just to eat. Then, I was assaulted by my cousin (my roommate at the time) and ended up moving back in with my mom. I did my best so far in composition class, but doing good in one class isn't enough to prove anything to anyone. About 2 weeks ago, I had another falling out with my mom right before I was about to finally get job. I had moved down to her city on the condition that she would find a job for me (I don't care what anyone thinks about getting a job yourself, she promised me she'd help me and didn't do a damn thing about until over 3 months had already gone by) and then she ended up kicking me out the day after I went in to talk to the guy hiring, and I moved in with another cousin. So now, I'm homeless, jobless, no longer talk to either parent (I don't really care about this, they've walked all over me my whole life), can't get back to college, and am just about to give up and walk into traffic or something. I had hopes for my life, and they've been crushed over and over again. I want to get a job so I can put myself through college and start a business, but I have no desirable job skills, and honestly, I'd rather die than have to work at McDonalds or Walmart for the rest of my life. I've always considered myself a pretty intelligent person, and everyone in my family constantly treats me like I'm a know-nothing asshole, and I'm tired of being treated with no respect. I don't talk much and people treat me really shitty about it. It doesn't help that I'm living in the ghetto right now either, where intelligence is worth about as much as dirt. I've been programming since I was like 11-12, but haven't gotten anywhere to a point where I could work on real software. This is partly to blame to my perfectionism, which makes me shoot for unrealistic goals and then get let down when I can't make them work. I get pretty good at it when I have a lot of time to concentrate and read through books and stuff on it, but it all gets lost due to my living situations (like now for instance, I'm living on a couch and can't get a moments peace to myself). The same goes for my graphic design work, but I can't get a chance to work on anything long enough to build a great portfolio (that and even if I did I'd need to get a website to put it on and get that all setup... its just one thing after another piling up until I can't even breathe. I also have severe depression and anxiety, but I'm hesitant to deal with doctors, and couldn't even afford to go see if I could get medication right now, and couldn't pay for it for very long either, which would probably make it worse when I ran out.

I don't want to hear about how things are going to get better, because I don't see a way out at this point. I don't see the point in going on anymore when I'm not living a single aspect of the life I want.

But maybe... maybe someone can talk some sense in to me. I guess I'll at least try to listen. I won't be too rash in my decision, I've waited years and I suppose I can wait a little bit long. But time is definitely running out, and I don't see myself making it another year."
"I've seen it happen with friends, and have been there myself. It breaks my heart to see people in the same state that I was, and to not have any hope or optimism for the future (when there absolutely should be).

You want to chat? Absolutely. Advice? I'll try my best, or find the right people. Just message me.






"
[removed]
"text.  optional.  life.  optional.  30, f, posted here before.  and i went home for thanksgiving.  and my dad is like i love i love i love you HAVE YOU CONSIDERED TRANSFERRING SCHOOLS?  WE NEED TO TALK.  no, i havent considered that.  i am barely hanging on to a masters program.  my parents gave me everything i threw it away.  again and again at dinner it was pointed out how i had everything, how they were great parents.  im not allowed to show any emotion now.  because i am still at their house.  leaving tomorrow supposedly, but what's the point.  my spirit is dead.  would my death devastate them?  of course.  but then again they might finally understand some tiny part of my life and i woudnt have to listen to the endless fake praise and real disappointment.  my boyfriend is trying to comfort me over IM.  i feel bad for him, obviously, what can he do?  nothing.  i cant be cheered up.  im not making any promises to anyone.  fuck this.  seriously, fuck this.  i hate the holidays.  worst of all id be homeless without them.  there is nothing to look forward to.  i have failed and it is all my fault.  yay parents thanks for accepting my mental illness.  im so glad i once made you proud.  let''s quit while im... ahead?  ha."
"Alright. I have had a history of depression since I was ten years old. I have been to four different therapists in the last three years. I have been on four different anti depressants in my life (I'm not on one now). I really am going to end up fucking killing myself. I have told my ex girlfriend and my so-called best friend this. She never helped me and my friend's response to me was that I was being morbid. What ever the fuck that means. Needless to say she hasn't been my girlfriend for two months now and me and my friend don't talk anymore. I have no friends. I sit at home all day. I have sat at home for so long and I can't get out. This fucking laptop and my playstation are all I have. I play playstation and talk to people over the mic. That's the only socializing I do now and even that is getting harder for me. I can't go anywhere because I have no money and going on walks gets lonely. The closest place is a gas station down the street. I pick cigarettes from ashtrays at that gas station because I can't afford to buy cigarettes and it's the only thing that makes me feel like I have a reason to wake up as pathetic as that sounds. When I do wake up the first thing I think is why do I even wake up. Every single day that is the first thought I have. I tried to find a job and now I'm considering trade school but I can't go if I don't figure this shit out. I went to college for a year and dropped out at the beggining of this semester becasue these problems started getting worse. I have told my father but his only fucking conclusing is stress. I have told my sister and she says she will help but she hasn't. I told her I wanted to see a doctor but she hasn't helped me with that either. Lately everything has been getting worse. I'm starting to become afraid to leave my house. Everytime I do I feel like people are watching me. If I'm in a room talking to somebody and that person is looking at me while they talk I start to freak out. I go out of my way to avoid people and gatherings. I feel like everybody is sizing me up. I want to see a fucking doctor so fucking bad. I am willing to help myself but everytime I tell somebody close they just blow me off. I haven't had any contact with people my age since me and my girlfriend broke up two months ago almost three. Not even my only friend. I just wake up and sit at home. I feel detached from reality. When I say detached I really mean it. Everyday I feel like I'm going crazy. I can't afford to see a doctor. Please don't tell me everything will get better. Tell me what the fuck to do. I'm willing to help myself but what the fuck am I supposed to do. Give me a fucking direction. I'm almost more afraid of hurting somebody else then myself at this point. I used to just be irritable. Now I'm afraid that I might hurt somebody. I feel like it's more than depression. I start wandering the house at night just walking back and forth. Sometimes I don't even realize I'm doing it untill I stop. I keep saying something is not right with me to my dad and he doesn't believe me. 

I want to be fucking functional. I have an education fund set up but I need to be more mentally stable then I am now. I can't be afraid to leave my house. I can't get into this fund for anything other than school so I can't use any of it to see a doctor because the whole fund has a moderator. 

"
"I've been depressed since as long as I can remember. I've gone to the psychiatrist and gotten meds but I always end up not taking them. He's an asshole who doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself this guy.That's besides the fact now. Killing myself crosses my mind every single day, I can't remember a day that has passed when I haven't thought about it at least once. I've told my doctor this, all he says is here, take these. The only reason I haven't gone through with it is because of my parents. The last thing I want is for them to feel the brunt of it. My mother is the same as me at this point, she was crying tonight talking about how she feels unloved and all her problems stemming from her father, it really upset me. 

Tonight my brother called me to tell me that he was staying out and to tell my parents that he was staying out because they weren;t answering. I said okay. As I walked up to the house the thoughr crossed my mind, Maybe they killed themselves, maybe they died somehow. I love these people but at the same time I felt if that happened, I myself would be relieved because I could finally do what I need to do. I want to wait until they die until I do it but I feel I can't wait any longer. It's going to be at least a decade and I can't wait that long. I have no idea how I feel, it's a numb feeling if anything. I just wish sometimes I didn't care about them so I wouldn't feel bad about this. 

As cliche as it sounds, I myself am nothing in this huge system of life throughout. I don't see myself going to heaven or hell when I do it. I see myself becoming nothing, just ceasing to exist, and It gives me a great feeling when I think about it. 

I'm a college senior who is doing very well but I still see nothing for me, I don't want it. I drink myself to the point where I don't know who I am because it makes me feel at peace. At the same time I'll put myself through it inhopes I can pull a Nicholas cage in ""Leaving las Vegas"" and drink myself to death. 

The way I feel is too much to put into words at this point. I'm writing here because I am reaching out for help. Everyday for me is a day I don't want to live and it's getting to the point where I think I know what needs to happen. I've tried before but this time I don't think i'm going to go for chance and eat drugs and lots of alcohol like I've done before. 

"
[removed]
"Shameless advertising but advertising nonetheless... if nothing else please just understand that I am trying to get people to know about my new subreddit.  It's something I study a lot and do a lot.  I am a basket-case, I admit this and the doctors in in patient agreed.  I have a lot of problems and I'm dealing with them appropriately.

I know suicide.  I've attempted it a few times, all but once while in the mental hospital.  It obviously seems like the best way out at the time, but if you really stick with life... do what you love etc etc...  Things can and will get better.  Carpe diem.  We don't know enough about life to make a logical informed decision to just kill yourself.  Be yourself, be happy, and tell everybody who gets in your way to please step aside.

If you can, learn to love and laugh.  If you can't, learn to cope without friends... once you can handle loneliness you can probably handle making more friends.

I'm done with my rant, please I just want to help people like me and any advice on how to do that is welcomed with open arms.  Or critique my subreddit and I'll try my best to fix it.



/r/catharsis

Tell your friends ;)

Edit: THIS ISN'T FUCKING SPAM.  Seriously though... I just want to help myself and others like I said.  I use this subreddit all the time, but it is a very hostile environment if you step out of line and say the wrong thing.  But sometimes saying angry things is what you need to do, no?  That's the niche I want to fill with my subreddit, just tell me how to improve and I'll try my best.  I'm not a good person yet, but I'm trying my hardest to change."
"No matter how bad you are feeling right now, if you manage to hold it through for some time, you'll see that it gets better. This is the story of every individual who has been suicidal. In most cases one actually feels silly when one looks back to the suicidal phase. Just hold on. We are here to listen to you so that you can make it through. So engage your shields so that you can get through this temporary phase. Good luck soldiers."
"Six years ago now I was arrested for driving under suspension for the 3rd time. I was shocked at this because it was the first time I had been pulled over for anything like this I've been to the dmv well over a couple of hundred times since then. Every time it's been some new document I've needed from the municipal and bring them to the dmv. They file them and then tell me which one I need to get next. It's all for tickets they've said I've gotten which have been paid.

Now they are saying that I've got ""something"" in North Carolina, and this is after they asked me if I had a drivers license in North Carolina before, that won't let me get my license back.

I've never been to North Carolina before. I live in Oregon. All the dmv could do was give me a print out of a screen shot that has my alleged North Carolina driver's license number and a phone number to some office in Raleigh that is now disconnected. They said there is nothing anyone can do in Oregon and I need to either go to North Carolina or get in touch with someone there that can get my the paper work I need to bring back to the dmv in Oregon.

I'm at a dead end. The dmv here has no more information than this. This paper they printed up and gave me has no information other than this North Carolina driver's license number and a disconnected phone number. The only other thing than my SS number which they've written as 999-99-9999 is a column that is labeled ""State Requeste"" then under that is ""ERN AVEN"".

I contacted North Carolina's dmv and they told me that North Carolina driver's license number is not valid and they told me they really can't help me unless I have a pin number. I asked them how do I set up a pin number and they told me that I had to be a North Carolina resident to get a pin number.

5 Years ago I contacted the Police about checking into my identity being stolen. I also talked to the judge about it. The Police have done nothing really to investigate it. I've also hired a PI to look into it but it was unable to turn up anything.

The cops tell me that I'll have to take it up with the DMV.

I tried contacting the news and have written several emails and registered letters to our local representatives. The news seems to be uninterested and our representatives just say they will look into it. Lawyers seem to do the same. They act all enthusiastic about helping but they make you do all the leg work. When you get stumped they stop returning your calls and just send you a bill for $3000 for all the phone calls.

The DMV here says there is nothing they can do about it. No one will tell me what I can do to fix this problem.

This problem has ruined my life. I live under my work in old office space. I can't do anything with my life at the moment. Work has decreased to the point where I'm not getting paid hardly anything. I have run out of money and do not have a clue how I'm going to live life other than being on the streets when we go out of business. 

I'm ready to die. Since none of this can be fixed and I can't advance my life any further, I'm ready to die. I would worry about what others would think or feel about this but after watching my last family member die a couple of years ago and they way he was treated. I know no one will care and it will burden no one. 
"
"I'm a 17 y/o male with NVLD (Non Verbal Learning Disorder), and I don't deserve the amount of support I've been given. I grew up in a relatively wealthy family as an only child, and am set to get an inheritance from my grandmother who is very ill. I don't deserve any of what I get, I make so many little mistakes and because of my disorder and piss poor planning, repeat many of them again and again. I've been expelled from 2 different schools, for cheating and arson respectively, am grossly overweight and it's all do to my lazy, awful demeanor. I have no close friends, no plans for the future and there is no way I'm getting into college with my record. I wasted my family's time, I just want to disappear and have all of it go to people who truly deserve it."
"Reddit,

My 23 y/o best friend is slipping away and I have no idea how I can help pull him back from the edge.

The background story is a novel unto itself, but the most condensed version I can provide: he was my best friend in high school and then we had a falling out.  I was crushed by said falling out but too stubborn to let him ""win"" so, like stupid teenagers do, I prolonged pointlessness.  We were horrible to each other behind our backs and feelings were hurt and related friendships tested etc etc.  We ended up going to the same college but didn't see each other much.  As I started growing up a bit as I progressed in college, I made it a point to try righting my past wrongs and apologizing for assholish behavior.  Eventually I apologized to him and decided I wanted to try to renew our friendship because it was really special to me and, if I don't outright have feelings for him (fucked up I know), I just found I couldn't stop caring about him no matter how much we'd both moved on to new social situations.

Anyway, we became decently close again but it's not like before and probably won't ever be.  But he had changed a lot since we were previously friends.  He became a pothead and while I'm far from a prude and 420-friendly myself, I mean the kind of annoying pothead who defines himself by that term and pretty much solely concerns himself with weed and talking about weed, etc etc.  Even still, he takes so much pride in being a stoner even though, at times, I fear he is nothing but a stoner.  I don't give a shit about recreational drug use, but his weed habit has more or less rendered him useless.

I didn't put together until a little while ago that he does that because he's a total escapist and doesn't want to face reality.  Because he fucked around so much in college and made such a point of not giving a shit about anyone or anything, he did not pass all courses require to graduate and still cannot pass some basic courses.  As a result, he feels really stupid and worthless and powerless and just further attempts to escape instead of seeking help or a tutor or professor and continues to fail and continues to hate himself for it.  Vicious cycle.

This has been slowly getting worse for a while now, to the point where now he insists on being alone 24/7.  I've tried being there for him with every ounce of sincerity I possess, I've called and written him and left him four years' worth of e-mails and try to do everything in my power to be a good friend even though truthfully he's not a very good friend to me.  He used to be such a happy kid and now all he talks about his how he thinks his parents will outlive him and how he wishes he wasn't alive, even though he says he doesn't have the guts to kill himself.  I did get him to promise, at least, that he would call me if he ever even thought about it and talk things through with me.

Against everyone's advice, I'm trying to save him.  But I don't know how.  Everyone reminds me of how hurt I got last time I got close to him, and they're probably right.  But I feel like...if I don't save him, nobody will, you know?  His parents are useless.  His friends have mostly moved on because they paid attention in college, otherwise all he has left are the kinds of fuck-ups falling out into rehab.  He doesn't have anyone left but me and he doesn't seem to want my help.  But I'm the only one, I think, who can help him.

All he does now is stay in his room all day, get high and avoid human contact.  He's convinced there is no point to his life because he's worthless and cannot get a degree.  He's accumulating a ton of debt by staying in these courses he has no intention of trying to pass, which depresses him more I feel.  When I try to suggest jobs and such, he seems to think everything is beneath him and he would rather kill himself than take any of the numerous jobs I've had through the years (my parents have made me work, and work hard, since 15...his parents have never attempted to set any boundaries or parent him even once thus he has zero work ethic and thinks jobs like retail positions are degrading or something, which of course makes me feel bad when considered how many of those positions I've had even though I'm a college graduate.)

So I know it's a fucked-up, and this is a story that takes six years to tell, but I'm scared to death that I'm the only one left to help and no one else can or will.  I love my friend, I really do, but on the same hand I realize I shouldn't or shouldn't get involved because he doesn't really seem to care about me or check up on me or anything of that nature and I'm just setting myself up for failure by staying close to him.  I actually tried to ""break up"" a few weeks ago and stay friendly but cut off all possible contact, but that didn't take because in being friendly and asking how things were, I stumbled upon this whole short-of-suicide mess.

How do I help him?  I have no idea anymore.  I spend too much of my time worrying about it, too.  I was in tears when he was hinting at suicide, and it kills me to know he's all alone and avoiding everyone else.  What should I do?  Again, I know it's a long story, so more details are available.

TL;DR My friend stays in his room all day getting high and thinks about dying, doesn't want to talk to anyone, thinks his life is over at 23 years old.  I have no idea how to help.

**EDIT 1**: If it makes a difference and just to clarify, I'm a dude.  He's a dude.  We're all dudes, yeah.  Not really trying to make this a Kinsey scale deal though.  Just trying to get some advice on getting help.

"
"I am tired of my direction-less existence. I basically exist purely to satisfy myself and my selfish desires. I am attending university, and yet I have been to almost no lectures out of pure lethargy. I don't need to be reminded how pathetic this is, I chide myself constantly for not appreciating just how amazing a lifestyle I have the capacity to lead. That doesn't change the fact that ultimately I feel like a fraud, a failure and a disappointment.

I have tried all the things that people usually recommend on here; I attend a gym pretty regularly, although I was in decent shape to begin with. I tried going out to bars and clubs, but I hate the atmosphere and the huge crowds. No matter what I try and do there is this crushing sense of guilt and anxiety, mixed in with I suppose what might be a fairly ordinary existential frustration that I have no real purpose here anyway.

I have no passions, no drive. I am fairly certain that I have no libido, because I have never really felt anything beyond pure physical attraction or friendliness towards anyone else, and relationships I've had have all lasted no longer than two weeks, due to boredom. The only thing that has saved me from killing myself up to the present is the idea that I am going to die eventually anyway, so I might as well wait around. However, I find myself consistently thinking about how I could just step in front of this or that bus or take a heap of sleeping pills and how easy it would be, but the way I see it, suicide is a coward's way out. The issue is I am getting more cowardly by the day.

I don't want this to continue. It is pointless, crippling and ultimately a waste of everyone's time. Would you recommend I speak to a psychiatrist? I really think that antidepressants might do me some good, I just want to not have to deal with this pain anymore. I would love to experience things without the shade of anxiety, even if I am consciously aware that it is chemically induced."
"I know a lot of the responses to people on here is that they are a great person and have so much to live for, etc...I know that, I am. I just don't care anymore. I don't want to be that anymore. It's just too painful to be living and the only time I am able to stop sobbing and calm down is when I think of taking a bunch of sleeping aids and other pills. I have no one to turn to. The only person I would is gone from my life now. I just don't want to be here anymore."
"Ive thought about suicide since i was a child but theres been a significant increase in how often i think about it. When I was kid i wanted to do it in moments of anger but I never had the balls to, now I just ""play"" with the idea a lot. I don't want to commit suicide but I think about it all the time. At which point should I become worried that I might actually become suicidal? I really dislike talking to people about my feelings and am hoping if I'm patient my depression will go away (I'm 19 so i still have hope, I still have goals, and dreams).

edit: I read some of the other posts on r/sw and now i feel like an asshole for posting here, i guess this belongs in r/depression
"
"This is my 4th post in the suicide watch and honestly I feel so pathetic everytime I write in here, but honestly I don't feel I have anything to live for, every day for years I've been feeling like this and just waiting for the day I'd get better, I've taken so many types of medicine and different types of therapy and I always just end up here, there is no bright future, lately I just realised how pointless my life is and how insignificant I am, I won't be missed but yeah, that's all really. "
[removed]
"Pretty much sums it up right now.  I am so tired of everything.  I'm 24, living at home with a dead end job, no degree.  Most days I can't do anything more than go to work, come home, and sleep until I have to go to work again.  There is not a day that goes by when I don't want to just end it all, more than I really want anything else.  And I know I can't; even if I had the energy to kill myself, I couldn't do it to my family, or the few friends I have.  But I have lived with this for so long, and I am so tired of fighting to stay one step ahead, to be just barely borderline functional, and I don't want to do it anymore.

I don't know what to do, and in desperation I guess the anonymity of the internet is a comforting draw.  I've been in therapy, I've been going on and off since I was diagnosed in the 3rd fucking grade.  I failed out of a regular high school and had to go to a therapeutic school after two hospitalizations.  College happened for two and a half years, managed to get maybe two semesters' worth of credits overall.  I couldn't handle basic school, there is no way I can see myself being independent, with a career and a future and a time when maybe, just maybe, I don't fall asleep hoping I don't wake up.  

So I guess I don't really know what I was trying to say here.  I wouldn't say I want to die, but I do not want to live anymore.  I am tired of life, I'm tired of fighting, I'm tired of the crying, the constant fear, the emptiness.  I want it to be over.  Eventually, I think I'll get there."
"I have been feeling suicidal for a long time. Tried to remain very patient, get help, let people convince me not too and I am loosing my patience with the lack of results.

I think I am going to eventually end my life, but I can never be sure if I will endure the next hour, hold on for another 3 months or what.

I am actually feeling stupid about coming back here on a regular basis because it's been long enough and I still haven't ended my life. I actually feel like real chicken shit when the psychiatrist told me the statistics and knowing I'm the one who perhaps doesn't have the balls to go through with it.

I don't want to be forever posting in this reddit about how I'm getting no where and was wandering if there is some kinda of system to report in as still alive."
[removed]
"tl;dr
* Feeling intensely depressed. Been seriously contemplating suicide.
* Ashamed of my sexuality. Downplay it. Don't feel like I can be ""out."" Making me lonely. I have to be extremely discreet with my family over my sexuality. Hate this.
* Being depressed has been fucking with my academic performance. Great start to the term, shitty ending. Been riding my good performance at the beginning in some classes. More self-hatred ensues.
* Just a general feeling of being a weak-willed, emotionally weak, piece of shit.
* Email me or talk to me on MSN: soupnotsoup@hotmail.com

So, obviously, I've been dealing with intense feelings of depression and thoughts of suicide. Depression and anxiety runs through my family. I've seen a psychologist for a full psychological evaluation a few years ago and he concluded that I don't have clinical depression. I think that I, as most people would, downplayed just how intense my emotions would get at the time. This is how I saw it: Everyone has ups and downs. I'm just going through what everyone else goes through.

I don't know if that's true though.

I'm experiencing intense negative self-talk: ""You're a piece of shit. You're worthless. You're pathetic. You're weak."" Among other things. Like many other people I've been seriously entertaining the thought of killing myself. I don't know if I would actually go through with it, but that's beside the point.

After searching the Internet for good sources of support I came across this little niche and it seemed like the most accessible to me.

**Here are the things that have been bothering me:**

I dealt with a kind of religious and sexual identity crisis about six years ago. I became an atheist and shortly after that came to terms with my sexual feelings (sexual confusion) and had to deal with the anxiety over that. I identified as gay for a while, but I've never truly been ""out."" For a while I became pretty cynical about even pursuing relationships with other men because of the stigma attached to anything under the LGBT umbrella. The stigma that would be associated with this would get in the way of the lifestyle I want to live. I can really understand how a lot of politicians from conservative social circles must feel about their sexuality: they're either ashamed of it or they're cynical about people and choose to be deceptive.

I'm 21 now and I'm having to confront my sexuality again. I've kept myself completely out of romance, sex, and dating for my entire life. At first it was because of my religious commitments (sexual and spiritual purity), then it was because of my sexual confusion and fear (I'm so inexperienced. How can I catch up? How can I compete with all of these people who have been playing the game for years?). Now... I'd really like to work on this part of my personality, but it's making me feel so much self-loathing. I don't know what to do.

I live with my mother. She's wonderful, but she's very conservative. While she has known about my sexuality for years, I've been extremely discreet simply because it's such a difficult topic to talk with her about (recently after seeing me look at LGBT things she told me that she hoped it was just a phase). I hate this. I can't openly pursue a relationship, and if I found myself in a relationship, talking about it would be ridiculous. I'm very good at arguing with most people and could easily hold my own in an argument with her about sexuality, but the strain on my relationship with my family would be very difficult for me. My family is TINY. I'm an only child that has lived with a single mother my whole life without contact from my father, so, unlike a lot of other people who have other close family members, I only have one family member to really rely on.

Finally, although I'm usually an excellent student (I have a 3.9 GPA), I've lost a lot of focus this term and haven't been keeping up. A lot of sleeping in hating myself, contemplating suicide, and feeling frustrated. I think I'll be alright in the end, but I can't help but hate myself for being weak emotionally and mentally.

It's very difficult for me to talk about any of this with anyone. I've never told anyone that I've contemplated killing myself (first of all that would make them dump tons of stigma on me, second people don't know how to deal with mental illness and will say ""snap out of it,"" finally I want to have control over myself and not have people jump in and try to run my life for me). Usually I just try to ""man it up"" and keep my feelings to myself. I'm pretty aware of how socializing works. I want people to like me, so I avoid acting depressed or talking about my feelings with people.

I don't know what to do or where to turn. How can I help myself? How can I get help? How can I get support related to my sexuality? What can I do? Feel free to email me or add me on MSN: soupnotsoup@hotmail.com"
"Sometimes, I just enjoy letting my conscience out on an unfathomably long leash, letting it stray to the darker sides of my mind. I have no reason to be upset. Despite a few divorced (and both remarried) parents, who are all ferocious, demanding grade-mongers, life is going pretty well. I have a somewhat reliable group of friends, and a fantastic girlfriend, whom I seem myself with for a very long time. But thoughts of suicide run rampant in my mind, from time to time. I can't help but feel that everything I'm building up to will all be lost, and nothing will ever truly matter. These feelings don't last too long, but certainly long enough. I keep asking the same question at least once a month, if not more often.
Side note: I'm 17. Is this normal? Do I ignore it and dismiss it as meaningless hormones or something? Do I tell anyone close to me? Do I seek any help? I'm not even sure if it's a serious problem.
Thanks in advance."
"Sort of a ""SWSurvivors"", but with a less horrid name? A place for people to ""check in."""
"I spoke to my mother today and asked her how she would react if I committed suicide. She said she'd join me. At first she said we should do it tomorrow. Then I told her I wanted to make one final effort to express myself to the world--that I wanted to try to pull off a ""real life [John Doe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meet_John_Doe#Plot)"". I said I wanted a week or ten days, but that after that, no matter what happened, we'd do it together. I've been writing for a while, but no one's been reading. Maybe my death will make someone read my words. Here is the latest entry to my (anonymous) [blog](https://sites.google.com/site/confessionssite/ConfessionsofaLoser/confessions#today). I was full of rage and hatred when I wrote it, so it might not inspire much compassion in anyone. Now I'm just exhausted and all that's left is the pain. I'll be writing every day for the next week or so until the end. So far, I haven't received a single email. A response or two might make my death feel a bit more meaningful. Thanks.

**EDIT:** I've decided not to do it for the time being. I don't even know why. One thing that keeps going through my head is a quote from Samuel Beckett: ""You must go on, I can't go on, I'll go on.""

I'll up my anti-depressants, start exercising again, and try to keep busy. Hopefully, in time, I will learn to tolerate the sense of absolute alienation from the rest of the human race.

In the meantime I will keep writing. My dream is to start a movement. I believe I have understood certain things that could redeem humanity. If I'm right, if my words spread, I will undoubtedly be killed like everyone else who ever spoke for love and freedom. I would rather be a martyr than simply run away from the pain.

Thank you all for your words of encouragement. Every upvote, every single word of support helped."
"But I am terrified of actually dying, because I am scared it will be painful AND because I do not know what happens after death, and I do not want to go on to another existence even more painful than this one. Anyone else feel the same?

""I don't wanna die. I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all...."""
"Family. It's what we are. Each one of us. Suicidal? Hell yeah, why not? Because I dunno... lots and lots of reasons.

Each one of us suicidal folk are members of a suicidal family. What is family? In our case, family is made up of each and every single one of us with the desire towards self-elimination. In real life families are all sorts of things. Some good, some bad. I barely have a family myself, and what I do have is hardly my own. But in the end it's the culture we choose to live. We have created a suicidal culture, one that wants to live rather than die. One that chooses life rather than death.

Maybe it's about time we as a family stand up for each other. We all got issues with our own families, we all got issues with our friends, we've all got the feeling there is something wrong with our brains, we've all got the struggle to survive on a day to day basis, we've all got unfullfilled wants and incomplete needs. We've all lost the will to live, we all want to hurt ourselves. We all want to disappear. We all feel like a waste of flesh. We all feel like there is nothing left. We're all struggling against the darkness and unknown. We've all lost our purpose in life. We all feel alone in our struggles.

But dammit, y'all. I for one aint going down like that. I can barely face my grandmother for the abuse and trauma she put me through, but I can forgive her for not knowing any better way. I can look at my daughter and say not only will I live, but I'll make it a life worth living. I can tell my friends I appreciate whatever support they got, so long as they can forgive me for not being overtly sociable, and if they got problems with that... well I'll still be friends even if it aint reciprocated. I tell my brain straighten up and fly right, 'cause there aint nothing wrong with my gray matter no matter what technical term a psychiatrist might use. I'm me, and I accept that. I can suck it up and eat food on a regular basis, go to work, exercise, stop drinking, and do the things needed to make it through the day and go to bed knowing it's a day well spent because I'm still alive. I can hurt myself, but I can forgive myself for doing so and look to something better. I can even forgive the ones closest to me that hurt me, whether actively or through neglect. I can find out exactly what my wants and needs are, and prioritize my needs first and research and apply the best methods for accomplishing my goals. Disappear? I can't be stopped, I'm solar powered. As much as I'm a waste of flesh, I can be all that and a bag of chips to the right people at all the right moments. Everybody needs help, and I can put other people's needs above my own. Even if it's just for a moment to make a moment that makes that day worthwhile. Helping others is a worthwhile endeavor. The darkness is there. It's a part of life, and instead of fighting it I can accept it as a part of nature. Half of nature. There is still that light, which though I've been afraid of, needs not be feared.

I still don't know what my purpose in life is. But in the meantime, I hope this helps inspire someone to put the blade, gun, pills, noose, or booze down and get to steppin.

I aint gonna lie though. Shits hard. Shits damn hard. Shits so hard my colon gone pop. But I can't let it stop me. Y'know that whole, ""it gets better"" campaign? Yeah, I dunno much about it either. But it's true. It does get better. But the only way things are gonna get better is if we start doing it.

The first step we all must take as a family, is to be proactive. Being a lazy worthless SOB I've been my whole life, I can assure you I feel you when you say it's too hard. But I'm going to go do it. Because there is an end in mind. A vision of a world where people don't run around offing themselves when things get too tough. A world where people don't stay up all night crying because they can't deal with life. A world where people like you and me can take a moment out of there day to take a deep breathe and say... ""I'm happy.""

Shit dog, think of the children. I remember being a small child just willing myself to rot and die. It's not cool, it's not fresh, it's not dope. And I don't want that for my child. I don't want that for all of you and your children. We're all in this together.

I've come to accept suicide not as a means of death, but as a way of life. And as far as life goes... nothing... and I mean nothing... can be thrown at me that I can't handle. Because I've struggled against the wailing and gnashing of teeth from the depths of Sheol and found myself broken, battered, and beaten. But nonetheless alive. After you stare into the abyss long enough, you start wondering what's behind you.

What's the worse life can do to me? Seriously. What? Kill me? Hell's bells, I can do that myself. I aint gonna though. Pray for strength and be stronger. Pray for life and live longer. Pray for a life worth living, pray to have something in life worth giving.

If I've no other purpose in life, I'd like to think that all of you... all my homies, this suicidal family of ours... I'd like to think I've contributed in a positive way. I'd hate to think I may have made things worse, but you never know. Maybe I have said something that set someone else over the edge. I aint gone beat myself up over it. I'm gone pick myself up and drive on.

Death comes to us all. No longer am I in any hurry. And when shit gets to be too much for me... I'll do my best to care of myself and what needs done. I got problems, 'bout time I start looking for solutions.

Everybody. Stay strong in the struggle. Much love, and please live."
"About a year and a half ago, I quit my job.  I had only been at the job for 5 months before I started getting depressed and suicidal.  I quit with the full intention of using up my savings and killing myself.  I had planned on going out on a big spending spree.  That never happened.  Instead, I did nothing.  I spent a year and a half waking up to browse the web.  That was, is, how I spend a lot of my time.  

I'm almost completely broke.  I won't be able to pay for rent, or anything, after January.  I've made no real attempt to get a job - I've only applied to 2-3 places in the year and a half I've been unemployed.

There aren't any options for me.  I don't have much hope for getting a job in such a short amount of time.  Even supposing I did get something, I'd be miserable.  Right now, the only jobs available to me would be low end jobs.  With my horrible employment history (having taken a year off of work... had a job for 6 months... then another year and a half off), and lack of references, I don't see much else.

I know friends and family will me.  I don't have many friends, and I barely hang out with the few I do have.  That doesn't mean much when I consider how miserable I'll be having to work, with nothing else to enjoy in my free time.  I'd go to work, be miserable.  On my days off, I'd browse the web.  That'd be it.  I see no other point.  It wouldn't really matter if I killed myself or if I died in some other way- my friends and family would still miss me the same.

It seems like I made my choice a long time ago.  Now see no other way.  I won't have money for rent - no shelter, no food.  I can't live like that.  I can't live unless I have some way of supporting myself."
A few weeks ago I tried to kill myself.  I was scared of dying but I really didn't want to be alive any longer.  Things haven't changed.  I only regret not using a gun instead.  That's really all I wanted to say.
"I was brought into the country illegally when I was 5. I am now about to turn 25.  I recently lost my job due to lack of work, I had to move back home.  Now I have no job, no money, no car, no way to get work as my ID will soon expire and I have no way of getting another one.  On top of all of this, I have recently discovered I may have testicular cancer, but with no money (I have 60 cents to my name, and my family is poor.) there's no way I can get a better test done to know for sure.
I feel completely alone, even when surrounded by people.  I have been waiting patiently for this DREAM act thing to pass/fail, but I don't think it will pass. Not with the way things are going these days.
I feel like I am just delaying the inevitable, and every day it gets harder and harder to motivate myself.  I tried everything, drugs, just ""talking it out"" with people, meditation, exercise, volunteer work.  It all just makes me more depressed because I see people who have a better chance at life just piss it away.
Since thanksgiving I have not spoken to any of my friends, I feel they can't understand and most of them live too far away from my shithole town.  I have always been the ""life of the party"" type of guy, but I am always just lonely and cynical inside.  No one knows how bad it is, I tried to talk to one of my close friends about it and they where of no help.  I don't know how anyone can help anymore.
I know how, and I know where. I am just waiting for a when.  My birthdays coming up, and I don't want to even think about doing anything.  I am too bitter at people to feel better about anything.  I feel like my life is over anyways.  It's not even a question of *will I* anymore, it's *Do I say goodbye to people?* or *Where do you do this so you can't be found easily?*
I just want this pain to end.  That's all I want."
"It started a few weeks ago when I broke up with my most recent ex. We weren't exactly that good of a match, she was a depressive, possessive, clingy woman and I simply wanted to stop being depressed all the time and to have my own space. I loved her, but I just wanted some space, something she would not give, so I left, not without telling her she could make someone else very happy and that she was a wonderful person. She took it horribly, swearing at me and turning her friends and my friends against me. I'd regularly get hate mail from her friends, telling me I'm a horrible person for leaving her and that I would not be able to make anyone else happy, or that I don't deserve anyone. I tried to let it bounce off of me, but hearing it over and over got to me. I tried being friends with her. I tried to be nice to her. One night, I tried confiding in her how I've been feeling as of late. I told her that I've been feeling suicidal lately, and she ends up turning it on me, telling me it's all my fault. I tell her how that made me feel, and she told me my feelings don't matter. One of my friends called her and told her to stop bullying me and to leave me alone. I got a letter today telling me that I'm a child for not ""standing up for myself"". I called her to clear it up and to tell her I didn't want to have her leave me alone. I wanted to be friends, but she was still making me feel like I was less of a person. The conversation mostly ended with her telling me that I'm less of a person than her, that she's a better person and I should go kill myself.

It's piling up, SW. I don't think I can handle any more pressure. I try to cut her out of my life, but every time I feel like forgiving her for making me feel this way, just because at some point I was in love with her. I just want to stop the fighting, but she won't have any of it.

**Edit:** Thank you. After getting all of these heartwarming comments, messages, and words of comfort, I feel I can continue on with my life with hope for the future. If I could, I'd thank you all in person, but simply saying that you're all amazing and ever so helpful will suffice. I love you all."
"First of all, I feel bad even posting here, and somewhat guilty because I'm always the person people rely on and come to for advise.  I've constantly been told I'm too smart for my own good, which seriously hasn't helped my case much.

First of all, my family is falling apart, literally in the hospital and near their deathbeds. This freaks me out for few reasons.  When I was young I had an eating disorder and played with pills. Over the last few years, I've managed to recover completely from my eating disorders but I am still addicted to caffeine, nicotine, and drink 3-4 nights a week (which is great improvement from my college days). 

The reason I do this is mostly out of self hatred. Mostly because of my past and getting into debt over school, and not having a stable job. 

I just feel like shit over keeping all of these secrets.  I have no one to really talk to besides my best friend lives so far away and a person I  met on the internet.  I mean, I really have no one in my life. 

I rarely leave my place, which I live in with my mother.  This makes me feel shitty too. I don't know and she isn't a stable person at all.

I'm just freaking out tonight because I feel like none of this will ever stop.  Especially the part about my addictions that no one really knows about except my best friend who lives too far and my mother who does nothing about it.

I don't want help and I don't feel like I need help.   I just want the feelings to go away.  Like everytime I stop drinking, for however many days, all I can think about is drinking.  Nothing is more satisfying to me than drinking. I wish I wasn't sober at the moment.


**Edit**: I'd just like to thank you all for your loving, kind and supportive words.  I've always loved the reddit community but you all are seriously the greatest.

Feeling better today. Tomorrow I'm seeing my SO, who knows I've been stressed out lately.

Reading my own words and seeing my thoughts in front of me has reminded me again that I am human. And that it's better to be alive and human, than to die having lived up to my ""standards"". I'm not sure where I've gotten these ideas in my head from. Perhaps, an inferiority complex I developed when I was young.

Last night was strange, as something peculiar happened.  You know those moments in life, when something happens and you realize you are exactly where you are meant to be and doing exactly what you should be doing? It was like that.

Thank you again, everyone. Blessings."
"Without going into too much detail, recent events have caused my partner to purchase a handgun for protection from another individual.  Ever since I held it in my hand, I have had at least one or two daily thoughts of how easily I could load it, put it to my head and pull the trigger.  I would be free of all this pain and suffering, not just my own but of those around me (suddenly everyone is getting cancer or having mental breakdowns or losing relatives).  
  
But the really horrible thing is, I have been thinking about suicide for so long now that I actually WANT to make them all suffer.   I no longer care if my partner falls apart or who has to take care of all my loose ends anymore.  I have reached the point at which I HATE EVERYTHING.  I have all this rage and frustration and anger at how stressful and uncertain my life has become, and I feel completely powerless - except for that gun.  I want to hurt them, kick them when they're down, make them all suffer more than they already are.  Because I know - I KNOW - that's what life is, and there's nothing they can do about it.  I don't care if they hate me.  I don't care if they don't care (and most of them probably won't).  I'm using parental logic - I don't care about people's feelings, I JUST WANT QUIET.  If I have to blow my brains out to get it, then so be it.  
  
It's just a matter of time.  It's stupid, but the only reason I haven't yet is so I don't ""incovenience"" my co-workers.  But I have three days off this week..."
"It's really not a question of if, but when. I am the happy go lucky guy at work you say hello to every morning. I'm that guy that is invited to every party, but never shows up. I'm available when needed. I exist for everyone but myself and I just can't take it anymore. Due to my never ending quest to do things right the first time, there will be no attempt. I will pick the most statistically successful method; possibly more than one simultaneously. But this isn't about me, this is about my family. What can I do to make this transition for them as financially stable as possible?"
"I don't think I can see myself taking my own life but I think about death all the time. I am terribly scared of the after life and that's really the only think keeping me alive.  Whenever I'm in my car I think about hitting a tree and similar scenarios are always playing out in my head where ever I am.

I used to struggle with drugs but now only alcohol. My depression doesn't stem from my alcoholism, my alcoholism and previous drug addiction stem from my depression.  

Even though I know my friends and family care about me I don't really care about them or anyone else.  I've always felt withdrawn and it's hard for me to feel compassion for other people. On the outside I'm a pretty happy guy and I don't think anybody would suspect I have depression issues but it's really starting to get to me.  Like in the title I don't necessarily want to die but I feel like I'm just burning time until I die.  It's like that line from office space that literally every day is the worst day of my life. I don't wanna do anything anymore I just want to sit around and get fucked up on drugs and alcohol until I die. I've come really close to having a relapse.  

On paper my life should be great, and I feel like a whiny person for posting here when so many other go through so much suffering and still manage to find hope when I have so much but can't seem to be happy or even content. 

Reddit I really don't know what to do I'm at a loss and I don't want to take depression meds.  I'd rather just continue to self medicate then to turn into a zoloft zombie.

When I examine the facts of my life I know I should be happy but I'm not"
"Just knowing this place is here full of a few people who care enough to help out others keeps me from losing hope and taking suicide as a route out of hardship.

So thank you, maybe one day I won't have to look here for hope, but rather, look here to give it."
"I lost my SO about a little over a year ago and since then things have been hard for me. Not in reality, but in my head. I miss knowing someone likes me for who I am. I just want someone to be there when I get home to say that I did a good job that day. Anyone just to say ""hi, I think you're the greatest person I know because you're the shit."" Anyone. I don't care. Someone to tell me the decisions I'm making are right. I feel so lost without any support. I started dating my SO when I was 16 or so (I'm 25 now), and they were always there my entire grown upish life. 

My social network is small and the people I know are more depressed than I am or alcoholics. Its not small because I don't try, but small because I am no fun to be around now days. I volunteered with the same people for 2 months and managed to make no friends, but I understand why. Its because its not fun to hang out with someone who is depressed, but my depression I think stems from my loneliness so its vicious. I also took a literature class at a community college, but no avail. It seems so hopeless.

So I have had trouble making new friends and I just had to move to a new town and I am not doing well at my new job and it feels like everything in my life could fall apart in the next instant. It feels like my life is held together by bandaids to problems and they're all about to break. I feel like I'm losing grip with reality and things just seem too large to handle. I'm having trouble getting perspective and I don't know what to do and I'm lost. 

I'm too embarrassed to see a professional because I have no real problems. They're all in my head and some days I see them clearly and laugh. Some days they seem so large all I do is sleep to avoid them. When I dream everything is okay again, but I dream of better times which I feel are so far in the distance that my heart says they will never come, even though my brain knows better; if that makes sense.

So can someone tell me I'm ok? 

Anyway, I'm off to sleep so no need to worry about me, but I would appreciate some kind words if anyone has some.

"
"I'm not **truly** suicidal, so I feel a bit bad posting here. I don't think I would ever kill myself because it would destroy my parents, but I think the rest of my family and friends (the three I have) would get over it pretty quickly. I don't mean to sound all ""oohh, I'm not important, no one loves me"" - it's just that I really do think that, other than my parents, everyone would be able to continue their lives without being heavily effected if I were no longer in this world.

At any rate, I was directed to hereafter I divulged some information about myself. I have lurked here before under a different username, but felt I should create a new one, specifically for this. In general, I really don't feel like *killing* myself, per se, it's more that everything just piles up, and I feel like I need to escape from it - albeit, permanently. I don't necessarily want to die, I just don't want to deal with life anymore. Maybe this is weak of me, I don't know.

That said, I really don't know if I actually want to die. I used to self harm through cutting, and I still self harm through other, not-so-dangerous ways, and this has led to me sort of ""accidentally"" trying to kill myself. That is, I was cutting while I was in severe emotional turmoil (extreme self-loathing, feelings of worthlessness, not knowing where to turn, etc), and found myself cutting deeper and deeper because the small amount of pain was no longer helping. Somewhere within this emotional rage, I decided I just didn't want to deal with any of it anymore, and began to cut with the intent to bleed as much as possible. I think I just wanted to pass out, but I knew full well that it could kill me.

The blade I was using was not a very good one (fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it - you all will likely say fortunately), and I exhausted myself before I hurt myself too badly. I wrapped myself up with the intention of continuing later, but ended up passing out on the bed and waking up the next morning. The realization that I could have - and possibly even wanted to - kill myself terrified my more logical self. I haven't used a blade to cut myself since.

I'm sorry if this is way too much detail, or if I'm not supposed to talk about that stuff here, I just felt like this was relevant to how I'm feeling. Sorry if this is at all confusing, as well, I will try to answer any questions to clear anything up..."
"Everyone around me has always agreed that I am a very good, moral person and would never do anything to harm another human, much less one of my friends, yet here I am.  What I was just told is very disturbing and I do not know how I will be able to wake up in the morning and look in the mirror.

I'm a young male (about to graduate college in less than a year) and thoughts of ending it all have become increasingly frequent, starting about 6 months ago.  My life has been a consistent shit storm since I was very young, watching half my family lose the battle to cancer, being cheated on by nearly every girl I get close to, and losing my closest friends for various reasons.  The thought of suicide has always disgusted me though, not to mention the impact that would have on my family and friends.

What happened: A few days ago I met up with some friends, drank a bit, then went out to the bar.  We all get fairly intoxicated and return home after a typical night of fun (I was drunk enough to not even remember leaving).  I go to bed with one of the female friends I was with, who I have slept with before (no sex, just cuddling) and start kissing her, ask for a condom, then proceed to have sex and fall asleep.

This is all fine but her recollection is that she woke up to me having non consentual sex with her.  She apparently still had her tampon in, and says to have told me no, which is not anywhere in my memory.

People that take advantage of girls are utter monsters in my eyes.  I recently got out of a very destructive relationship that had me thinking about suicide before, so I have several ways in the back of my head to go about doing it that would be extremely easy.

What did I do? How could I look myself in the eye again? I work to the best of my ability every day to make the people around me happy.  Now my best friends say they can no longer be around me.  And it is financially impossible for me to attempt to start over.  All I have to do is make it look sufficiently enough like an accident to make sure that my family can collect the life insurance that covers all of my debt.  

Im sitting here shaking because I cannot even begin to comprehend how this has happened.  And even if the people I know and care about were able to get over it, I don't think that I would ever be able to put this out of my mind.  I have always been extraordinarily confident in myself, but now I feel as if it would be best for this world if a person like myself were not in it."
"I'm 20 and in college. Dropping out at the end of this semester because I hate my major so much and am sick of wasting the money. Right now all I have to look forward to is working for minimum wage in retail. 

Working is how I spend all of my time outside of class as it is and still am unsure if I'll be able to pay my rent each month, so I never have any of those fun college experiences that one might expect to have.

I've lost all of my friends except my shitty boyfriend. Not because they abandoned me but more so I isolated myself from them. After spending all day going to class and working with people I just don't have the emotional strength to spend time with them. I'm an introvert in the sense that I find a lot of social interaction to be emotionally draining. It doesn't help that they are all engineering students with bright futures ahead of them. I can hardly tolerate listening to their conversations because it just reminds me of what a waste of time me coming here has been and how I'll probably never amount to anything nearly as great as they will.

I can't think of a single time in my life that I have been truly happy, not even as a child. I am usually able to function normally, so long as I don't think about my life. But every so often I can't help but think about my life and my future, and I am overcome with an overwhelming feeling of despair and just want to bawl my eyes out. For example, right now I'm sitting at work trying to hold back tears."
"so I'm not necessarily looking for a bunch of random people to tell me it'll be ok, or that I am a good person, I just think maybe this might be the place to get this off my chest... and it always starts this way, my bf and I have been together for about 4.5 years, about 3 years ago, he, at age 29 had emergency open heart surgery, our whole lives changed, as you'd expect, he stopped working, totally understandable, at the time we were living with his mother (we were broke, she was in bad health and couldn't be alone, it made sense) about 6 months after his surgery, she had a planned surgery witch she didn't make it through, so for the past almost 3 years I've been trying my best to keep the bills paid, food on the table, pay for his meds ect. all while dealing with my own disabilities... its been hard, but I could manage it if... if he wasn't emotionally abusive, childish, greedy, and lazy, I would have left a long time ago except he has no one else to take care of him, so I stay to make sure he is ok, but then last month he had a heart attack, witch to me felt like a prison sentence, most of the time I don't want to be in the same room with him, when we fight he calls me everything from stupid to a whore, bitch, cunt, you name it he's said it and all I want for him is to be taken care of and he wont help me help him, so then I get to thinking about how can I leave? no one else will make sure he stays alive, and the thoughts of leaving make me feel like a bad person so I start thinking the only way out is death, and sometimes, more often than not I feel like maybe I'd rather go there, then stay where I am, I'm just wondering, am I stuck? am I a terrible person for not being able to handle this? should I leave and if I do, will it make me feel worse? I just don't know what to do anymore and the longer I wait the more appealing it is to just not be around anymore...."
Or is it simply the most reasonable option afforded to what appears to be a sick and dying person on a sick and dying planet?
"I typed up this response to you post, but you deleted before I could send it :/

""Your friend is probably freaking out right now, and just doesn't understand that suicidal ideation can be present with no imminent threat of suicide. You can have thoughts and not be on the brink. Now, it's what you do about such thoughts that counts.

Don't be afraid :). Talking with people is a big deal, and a huge step. Now comes the question, have you talked with the *right* people? I don't know. Maybe yes, maybe no. Time should tell. Hopefully they won't just shut off, hopefully they can be there for you now that this has become a reality for them. But I don't know. Don't worry, don't sweat it. No matter what happens, it'll be alright.

Have you considered professional help before? It's not perfect... really, it's quite flawed. And it might take a while to find someone really worth going to. And to find the right medication. But when you do... well, it get's easier. Look into it, what have you got to lose? Hell, surely it beats suicide, right?

Do you want to talk about why you're feeling this way? I'm listening, if so. I understand if you don't, I've always had trouble opening up. Feel free though, now or at some later date. SW's always around."""
"Looking back on it all, there are so many things that happened gradually. I don't remember the day I stopped believing in God, I don't remember the day I stopped idolizing my parents. These were gradual things that happened over years. I do remember, however, the day I grew up.

It was a normal September morning. I was sitting in my 6th grade English class. I was a, more or less, normal 11 year old. My teacher turned on the classroom TV, and I saw the plane hit the World Trade Center, an image that is still burned into my mind. It was on this day that I accepted, that if someone really wanted to kill you, they could. It was on this day that I grew up. It was on this day, that my wall went up.

This wall helped me keep everything out. If I let nothing in, nothing could hurt me. If nothing mattered, nothing could hurt me. But I had to keep up appearances. I had to laugh, cry, smile and frown at the right times. These emotions appeared real to everyone else, but they were hollow.

After years of faking my way through emotional situations, that's what I've become, hollow. I still laugh and smile, cry and frown, but there's no feeling to it. I go through every day faking these emotions so no one will suspect I'm empty inside. The only thing I've felt in the past nine years is the pit in my stomach from an adrenaline rush, when someone gets close to unraveling my lies.

So I go through life faking everything growing more and more hollow, and more and more tired. Each day I wake up more tired than the day before. Each day I go to sleep hoping for something to change, for sleep to finally take away my weariness, but it never does. Life is becoming a death march, each step leading me towards death. Yet still I feel nothing. With each step the load becomes heavier and I grow more weary. I can't help but wonder where it will end. Will my body or my mind give out first? How long can I hold out?

And still I grow tired."
"A few weeks ago I posted to r/depression it can be found here
http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/e3h3h/please_advise/


since I made that post shit has only gotten worse.  I didn't get my probation paid off, then I got arrested for a warrant I had out for me even though my fines are up to date.  while I was being arrested the cops searched my pockets missed the small amount of weed I had on me and put me in the back of a paddy wagon, while in the back I moved the weed from my pocket(still don't know how the cop didn't find it on the first search) to inside my sock.  Got to central booking they searched me found it in my sock and now I have two probation violations one for not having probation paid off and one for having that small amount of weed.  All I wanted was to get off probation and start a career in the military and try to fix my life.  but now I have a feeling im gonna get atleast 12 months in jail.  that will only further hurt getting back on my feet. I haven't slept in three days now, whenever I lay down my mind just starts racing about how badly fucked up the situation has gotten and then all I can think about is how to get out or end it.  I keep getting so mad at myself for being put in the situation, but every fucking day something just gets worse.  Please someone tell me there is something I can do,  I feel like Im not going to make it past christmas this year.

please I need help I don't want to go on the run, and I don't want to kill myself but really those are the only options I can see at this point and that just makes me even more upset, its a fucking endless cycle and I feel like I am never going to get out of it."
"This is a throwaway account.

I will not kill myself today, but I've been fantasizing suicide as an escape for years now. I recently learned that I have many of the symptoms of narcissistic personality disorder, but not enough to be diagnosed with one. One of the issues with this is that I can be very self defeating. I have everything I need in my life, but I still yearn for more. Although that gives me strive to become something great, the expected version of myself almost never aligns with the real version of myself. I have been away from my parents for nearly ten years now, studying abroad. Now I am a senior in a very prestigious university about to re-enroll for their masters program. I now find it very difficult to communicate with my parents. (They are in Korea) I am culturally distant from all members of my family. I call my parents twice a week but only as a formality. I feel like i'm lying every time I say ""i love you"" before I hang up the phone. I know they love me dearly, but I just cannot relate to them anymore. I hate going home because I have no friends there since it's been too long since I left.

For years, I've been trying to be nothing else but myself, and now I can not find anyone I can relate to. In Korea, I tried meeting new people, but there is too big a cultural gap. Here, in America, I am a bit at ease because I tried my hardest to break through the glass ceiling that was put on me as a Korean guy from Korea. I am now culturally comfortable enough to do stand up comedy, be in a band, make music, be in a fraternity, and have fun in all sorts of social settings. Even then, the only people I kind of care about are the members of my fraternity in America, and, sadly, even with them, it is still tough sometimes. They talk about how their childhood was, how they foolishly fell in love with their high school girlfriends, how they did childish things as children, and what kind of possibilities laid before them in this country. I missed all that. I never fell in love. Never had a girl say ""i love you."" Sure, I've been laid many times, but that doesn't mean anything. Every girl I sort of date, I get really sick of one way or another. I spent most of my childhood trying to stand up on my own, dealing with ignorance and racism. I never had a mentor, so every awkward social moments I encountered because of my lack of cultural knowledge, I had to deal with on my own. My parents never understood what I was going through. One time in high school, a girl told me ""Being Asian is like being fat, girls don't really like that on a guy."" I let myself define myself around that statement as a kid.

I really don't know why I am rambling about how I have progressed until now. I guess i'm trying to justify myself by saying my problems are a lot more complex than yours (the readers), but who am I to judge? Right now, I should be happier than I have ever been. 10 years ago, I would not have imagined me being where I am, but I just feel empty. I feel detached from the world. I am more active than most people on my campus, but I feel pretty worthless. I have already accepted that no matter what I do, it will not make a difference in the course of the universe, but my goal is to leave this world a better place than the one I have entered. However, now that I have a journal paper very close to being published (it's on fluorescent nanoparticles for cancer detection if anyone is curious), my suicidal thoughts justify themselves by saying that I already have repaid my debt to this awful world. After my masters, I absolutely have to go back to Korea to serve in the military. It is mandatory for all male Koreans. I am about to waste a big portion of my life because of something I did not do. Something some assholes did 60 years ago. This leaves me no purpose to do anything after my masters. I plan on killing myself by throwing myself off a balcony after my masters. Today, during class, I contemplated that thought again, and said ""why not do it now?"". I came home, and read some stuff here on SuicideWatch, cried a little, got distracted by the peking duck I ordered, and decided against suicide. Just as the tears came out (I cry once every like...5 years btw), Farewell Wenches - Supreeme came out. I don't know if you guys know the song, but I recommend you listen to it if you like hipster-y rap music. Now I feel better, but I admit that I do need help because I still keep suicide after masters as an option. I still feel that I might be able to press the reset button, and be born as someone better off than I am, if I jump off a balcony. It's a silly thought, but I really wish I could start over again beginning from birth under different circumstances. I am very sorry that this writing is all over the place. There is a lot in my mind right now, and it's very difficult to write a suicide note in an organized fashion. I apologize if you think ""wtf, this guy has everything he wants, and he STILL wants to kill himself?"" but I assure you, my feelings are real and I really wish I could stop these bad thoughts. Even though I surround myself with people, I still feel really lonely.

EDIT: I'm feeling so much better now, thanks to you guys. I'm now just hanging out with my fraternity brothers and having some Modelo. Knowing who I am, my bad thoughts might come back later (hopefully not), but when they do, I'll be sure to check here."
"I feel like the only reason I want to have a girlfriend is because I feel so lonely and depressed all the time. I keep falling in love with every pretty girl I meet in college. But I am really shy and medically depressed. i suffer from panic attacks and that is connected to my depression which i have had for the past 2-3 years.
I have come to the realization that finding ""love"" would not make me feel better and that I would never meet anyone if I continue to have low self-esteem and self-confidence in myself.
All I want to do is learn simply to be happy on my own. I want to have self-confidence and to have ""thick skin"" so I would no longer get hurt by what little things people say that make me feel socially awkward.
How can I learn to find happiness when your alone. I do not have many friends and I have trouble meeting new people. I just want to forget about aspects like relationships and love and be happy alone.
i am done wishing for self-confidence and positive attention. It only makes me feel worse. All I want to do is forget about it all, get that weight off my shoulders, and just love myself. I do not know what that means or feels like but I suppose it is the best way to solving my life problem.
All I want is to be happy because I am worried that my college is going to advise me to take a ""Leave of Absense"" due to the fact that the school psychologists and teachers believe that I am on the verge of turning suicidal or something that I would be a danger to myself. I do not know if I agree with them and I do not want to leave college after my first semester of my first year. So I really need help. I do not want to go back home. It would be the ultimate failure for me

UPDATE:  

I am feeling really really bad today.  

Even though the past two months i have isolated myself a lot due to my academic ""crash"" where I got so stressed and overwhelmed from my classes that my grades plummeted and i stopped eating and would only sleep. I had the belief that my new group of ""friends"" i made in college that I hung out in the beginning of my college experience were still including me.  even though i stopped eating with them and when college clubs started i did not come to meetings, i thought i was still in the clique.  but today i figured out that they started a secret santa and did not include me.  I am the odd man out so i am at a lost.  i only blame myself for losing these new friends.  even though I still feel welcome to come eat with them now, i feared that because of my rare appearances that I was losing them.  today i feel like i have lost them or at least i feel more outside than ever before. 

also one of my professors wanted to meet with me after class.  she apparently was notified by the college of my problems and she told me that she would accept my late assignments, that I have not done because i was in seclusion during my dark time.  right now i am getting help from the college so it is no longer the dark time but it is painful to deal with my parents and the administration who are trying to help me. i feel helpless and unable to help myself..  i told my teacher that I try my best to get in any assignment i had late (even though i wont because i do not have the time before finals week) but I gave her an answer that really put my problems into words.  I said that I did not feel like I just fell off a horse and all I have to do is get back on and try again because I feel wounded and damaged like I just drove a car into a wall and now I have to get back into the same car that is now wrecked and I am injured but I must drive again.  that seems like my problem, my life is a broken car that I smashed and I am injured but forced to get back in and drive it.  
"
"One good thing I've learned from this is self awareness; I do recognise things can get a lot worse if I don't get some things out my system. No one seems to want to know. GOD FUCKING DAMN why is this world so judgemental. Apparently being suicidal is selfish. And I need to get help. Ok, so I try and get in contact with my mental health team (can't directly contact psychiatrist). They haven't called me back; they discharged me a couple of months ago. They don't want to know. What do I fucking do? I am serious about this. Why does no one believe me? I don't want to freak anyone out, but since this is anonymous, I am planning my suicide, very seriously, not some impulsive overdose. I won't go into methods here but I've spent a long time researching. And I'm trying to hold on a few months for the sake of one person. And it fucking kills me what I'm going to do to her and everyone else close to me. But what the fuck am I supposed to do?

This is the fucking reality of many suicides. They may try and get help, get dumped and then commit suicide, then get calledfucking selfish. "
"What makes an individual important enough to spend time doing all of this?
  
Edit: I'm not trying to imply that it isn't worth the time, I just felt really down today (and this last month) and didn't know what to write in my post."
"I really don't know what else to say other then that. She has a part time job she enjoys, gets fantastic marks in school, her family life is also good. She is feeling overwhelmed by the amount of work she has though, I tried to help her figure out how she could do it all (It's really not too much) But she can't see it the way I do and shot down everything I had to say. She's worried about letting people down and said she was tired of life. Now she's telling me she's going to go die.

Any advice would be GREATLY appreciated. Thanks.

Edit: Thanks for the great advice everyone, I've talked to her and used alot of the suggestions and I'm happy to say she is in a better mood now. Thanks again!
"
and you know what... That turtle had more of a right to live than I do... and it still died. I'm going to die anyways. It's not selfish to take my own life... it's selfish to force me to live like this.  
[removed]
"Coming up on the two year anniversary of SW and I'm looking at some of the recent posts and am so suprised to see so many downvotes on postings just asking for help or sharing feelings. Please save them for spam, opinions or songs and articles you feel inappropriate."
"So I got kicked out of my parent's house for a multitude of reasons. There was some physical abuse. And emotional abuse. I tried killing myself twice and had a well-established plan on making sure it would work the third time. Alas.

I graduated highschool and my parents suggested I stay back a year from university to earn money. I was accepted into three of the top universities I applied to. I took an online course. My father would routinely disconnect my internet, scream at me, and my mother would hit me on occasion. On top of this great stuff, I kind of had the troubling realization that I'm gay which is just fucking wonderful. 

I've pretty much been contemplating suicide daily, cutting my arms dangerously close to my wrists, etc.

So I'm crazy.

Well I've been staying with my boyfriend for the past few months, and am at a standstill:

- I have tapered (entirely) off of Cymbalta which was causing me to be horrendously suicidal.
- I cannot afford my Vyvanse due to my total lack of money.
- I lost my wallet with all of my I.D.
- I am ridiculously skinny.
- I know no one in the city I'm at.

So is taking fifty 50mg Tramadol a good way to off myself? Or could anyone suggest an alternative to suicide?"
"I can't believe I'm back here again. I thought I was getting through this.

Today I found out the company I work for may have to start laying people off, due to us being on the verge of losing the bigger of the only two contracts we have. I'm the obvious first choice to let go. I have the least experience, and have not been with the company all that long, While the only other guy who is in danger of being let go has a college education, and has been with the company twice as long as I have. He also has a much better relationship with the owners.

That is the least of my concerns right now.

This is the part where I whine like a bitch about my ex. If you can bother sifting through my earlier posts on here you could probably see the whole story, from before we even started dating, to the turmoil during the relationship, to the eventual break up. If that doesn't give you an idea of how much this person has fucked me up, I don't know what will.

Anyway, yeah, basically I found out through Facebook that she's already moved in with some other dude. I found this out today. Here's the weird part: last night she was in town, and I wanted to see her son (I bonded pretty heavily with him during the time we were together), so we made plans to go out to eat. Well, long story short, we never end up eating. Instead she spends the entire hour or so asking a million questions: ""Do you miss me?"" ""Do you have a girlfriend?"" ""Have you had sex with anyone else yet?"" ""Do you think we could ever work at some point in the future?"". The entire time she is trying to make out with me, and grabbing my dick.

I didn't give in at all, I stood my ground, told her I missed her a little, that I didn't think we could ever work, and that after tonight we shouldn't really speak to each other again. I'm fucking proud of myself. She pulled up next to my house to drop me off, I leaned in the back seat, kissed the baby goodbye, told him I'd miss him. She said ""Well, we'll be back in town next month."" I said ""Well, you won't be seeing me."" I promptly got up and walked in to my house, all the while she was yelling for me to come back. I felt on top of the fucking world. This was less than 24 hours ago.

Then today I find out she's with someone, and apparently happy... I don't know why it bothers me so much... I mean, I always knew she was already with someone, I found out from her mom. But seeing her talk about it on her Facebook just irks me the wrong way for some reason. The fact that she can be such a two faced bitch... It's just wrong. It's not right, and it blows my mind that someone can be so cruel. Not only to me, but to the poor sap she shacked up with.

I don't even know what I'm looking for here. I guess I just feel like today, my world came crashing down around me in the matter of about 3 hours... 24 hours ago I had what I believed to be a secure job, making alright money, for alright work. 24 hours ago, I believed my ex was still hung up on me (Not entirely sure she still isn't), and wasn't happy... Which for some reason made me happy. Maybe I'm just cruel hearted, or maybe I was just glad to see the bitch was getting what she deserved.

I guess I can still take solace in the fact that she lives in a trailer park, surviving off welfare, and is now essentially white trash.

I don't think anyone will read all this, I hope someone does, and can identify with my situation...

And before anyone says anything, I did delete her as a friend on FB, but she sent me a friend request, so I clicked on her and she doesn't have her profile on private, so I can see anything she posts... Part of me thinks she only sent me the friend request so I would see those things she posted."
"     where to even begin... I don't even know why I'm posting this, maybe its because I'm desperately trying to find a reason to keep pushing along day after day, maybe I'm really just crying for help, maybe I just want someone to validate me now as I'm trying so hard to grasp at any thread as the tapestry of my life unravels.       
     Lately I've been thinking more and more about ending it. At first it was just fleeting thoughts of how I would do it, what method would be quickest and easiest. Then I started reading forum posts about suicide, half looking for ideas on how, half looking for reasons not to. Sadly enough, as I read strangers telling other strangers text book reasons for why they shouldn't kill themselves I came to realize that those reasons did not apply to me. 
     Most people say you shouldn't kill yourself because of how your family would feel, how selfish it is to end it and make them suffer, but that's just it, i want to die because of my family, i want to make them suffer as they have made me suffer for so long. I've hated them for as long as I can remember. My sister has serious mental issues, her whole life she has been a hypochondriac, her whole life my mother has coddled her and endorsed this behavior. At some point it evolved into shameless greed, she feels like she deserves the world because she's sick, even tho she is the one making herself sick. She's pushed my family to the brink of bankrupcy so she can live like a queen, a perfect house, with a perfect dog, a brand new car she can't afford, knowing my family will break themselves to provide for her, and yet its not enough. She is constantly miserable, always suffering from violent mood swings, she makes everyone around her miserable. One second she will befriend someone, then the next shun them, all the while the same people come to me to unload their stress from the situation. Every day someone tells me how horrible my family is, how horribly they are treated by them, this has been going on for 13 years. 
     My mother is her only friend, and the irony in this is that my sister hates my mother with a passion, whenever my mother isn't there to listen, my sister complains constantly how horrible she is, despite the house, car, and dog my mother has provided for her, despite the taxing costs of providing this all to her. she is so incredibly selfish, she can never see beyond her immediate wants, she has no empathy, she doesn't even care about her own mother.
      I used to care about my mother, but somewhere along the line, i stopped caring when it became apparent that i will always live in my sister's shadow. It will always be expected of me to sacrifice so my sister can have more. When i realized my sister was the favored child, and that I was just a scapegoat to take blame for every fight, I stopped caring about my mother. I stopped caring about my 'family'. My sister's prevalence in our family is so blatant it disgusts me, every couple months my mother and sister go on vacation, they never take me, never even ask, but even more insulting is that they never tell me they are going until one of them hands me a piece of paper outlining my schedual for taking care of her dog while they are away, or for taking care of the business, they never ask ""can you take care of my dog?"" or ""is it cool if you come in every morning this week while we're away?"" its simply expected that I will do it. This is but one example of how my family treats me, consider it the metaphorical 'tip of the iceberg', my discontent towards them runs far deeper than this, this behavior is prevalent now only because it happened again recently.
     I know most people will tell me to simple cut ties and leave, live my own life, and believe me, I've debated doing so, but the prospects are weak. I am a high school drop out. I do not have much potential for supporting myself if it weren't for the fact that my family owns a business. I am bound to this business, as I would surely fail without them. Why did I drop out of high school, you ask? when I was 16 I made enemies with a drug dealer in my school, his parents were lawyers. After numerous fights and hostile encounters we ended up having a parent teacher conference, his parents threatened to sue the school, and I was told I would be expelled, so I left before they had the chance. Less than 2 years later, the drug dealer I had conflicts with threw himself in front of a train and ended his life. 
    So where does that leave me? I have to work with my family, because I am undereducated and can not find proper work without them. I am paid less than my sister, despite the fact that I work at least 15 hours a week more than her, and when she's 'sick' I work even more, but it has been explained to me that she 'needs' the salary so she can pay her bills. Ironic, I have been as fiscally responsible as possible with my meager salary my whole life, i carry no credit card debt, i find a way to pay my bills in full and on time every month, but lately its been increasingly difficult to make ends meet, and yet she spends well beyond her means. She 'needs' to be paid more than me because she has overwhelming credit card debt, and loans she can't pay. So I work more, earn less, and reap no rewards except being left out of every vacation they take, get treated like shit every time they fight, deal with every discontent customer because they can't 'handle the stress anymore', play counselor to every employee that's about to quit because my sister treated them like sub-human filth. 
     I can't take it anymore, I don't see a light at the end of the tunnel any more, I can't even dream of a way out. My mind is plagued by dark thoughts now, I feel like I am living in a shadow, or rather that I am simply a shadow, an image cast on the ground beside them, it is expected that I will unconditionally follow them, and act as they decree.  I hate myself more everyday for allowing it to continue, but every time i try to assert myself and my discontent for the situation or the way my sister acts, I am shunned by my mother, told I am making her life harder by fighting with my sister, but I simply can not tolerate her any more.
    This is my life, this is every moment of my being, this is all I have. My friends tell me I am smart enough to leave and find a job elsewhere, but every time I try I fail miserably because I never received a piece of paper from a university confirming my ability to perform at a given task. I want to go to school, but I am paid so little by my family I can't afford to, and even if i were approved for financial aid, I highly doubt my ability to cling to life long enough to obtain a degree, I couldn't see myself pushing thru the stress of school while working with my family, as I am already to the point of seriously considering suicide. 
    Am I insane? Am I the one acting irrationally? Is this the way of life, should it be expected of me to cater to them in this way? Is this how 'normal' families act? Why do they fail to see how miserable I am? Why don't they care? I try so hard to do good by our business but I've never been given anything as simple as a 'thank you' I never go anywhere or do anything because my whole life revolves around them and the business. I want to live my own life, I want to make my own path, I want so desperately to garner respect from my peers, but every day I am simply pitied by them because they can see my situation as I do, but yet my family fails to see. I am nothing to them, I wonder if they will even second guess themselves when I'm gone. Will they realize the error of their ways when I leave? Will they realize how they treated me for so long when its over? Or will they dismiss me as being mentally ill and continue their ridiculous lives? 
     As I write this I am becoming increasingly relieved, with every minute I spend away from them I feel slightly more content with life, almost like I can see a future ahead, but I know tomorrow I will be bogged back down into this darkness, I know tomorrow the same ridiculous events will play out and I will feel the same again, this happens every day, this cycle is the norm to me, every day I fear going to work and dealing with them, because every day there is some drama. Every day I am made to feel like shit, every day I am walked on by them, and every day when its over, I go home, and the longer I go with out seeing or talking to them, the happier I become. But every night when i go to sleep, I fear what the next day will bring, I'm so tired of it.
     To sum it up in a TL;DR fashion, i feel trapped, enslaved by a family that shuns me. I'm constantly treated as a scapegoat, I can't find a way out, and I fail to make them understand my unhappiness. I am nothing, just a tool for them to operate their failing business, and clean up after them. Its been this way for so long, I used to think I was strong, I used to think I could be the bigger person and let it all roll off my back, but a decade later, I've been worn down, my pride is broken, I have nothing, I am nothing. 

edit: great the formatting on my post is all fucked up, making it annoying to read and i don't know how to fix it"
"I'm having a really tough time this week. I'm depressed and suicidal and today I had a meltdown in front of my parents.

Someone to talk to would be nice. I can't reply often because I'm at work, so send me PMs."
"My background: I'm a college student with diagnosed Major Depressive Disorder. Over the past few years it's become progressively worse. It's now at the point that I can barely leave my room or focus on any work. I have therapy and even fluoxetine, but they don't help. I have images of my body, maimed, pass through my head several times a day and constantly have the thought ""You don't deserve to exist."" I'm so tired of dealing with this disease and feeling alone, even though I am not. A few friends even know I have MDD, but all that's done is burden them; they can't help me. Why should I continue this damned battle with my demons if one failure on my part is all takes for things to permanently end?"
"I'm 25. I'm just getting by financially. I haven't had a friend since I was 13. I'm pretty sure my depression started around there, and its just gotten worse since then. I don't know what to do to be happy. I have no hopes or dream anymore. I don't even enjoy food anymore, I have to remind myself to eat or I'll go the day without eating.

 I'm not a suicidal, and I don't want to die. It's just that I haven't looked forward to the next day in many years.

 I believe that my feeling of worthlessness are valid, since I fuck up everything I try. I keep trying at college, jobs, hobbies but fuck up every time."
"Ive had the worst week of my life, lil background before we go on; Ive posted on here before, about nearly losing my friends due to a break up and contemplating suicide due to it, you all helped me out amazingly, and I thought I was getting better. Ive recently been having emotional problems, quick mood swings from happy to extremely down and glum, these come and go and usually have a few week gaps between them, they have recently been happening more often however... I dont think Im mentally well but Im too afraid of what people (my mom especially) would think if I went to the doctors about it.

Then this week starts, I find out my friends have been bitching about me behind my back since Halloween, and one (who I thought was my best friend) has only finally told me now, the rest are now ignoring me. So within a month or so, I have lost the people closest to me in my life and Im possibly stuck with some mental/emotional problem, Im only 17 with very little life experience and have extreme problems making close friends, they were the first true ones and this has happened... So. What else do I have to live for? In my opinion... Nothing."
"Hey, so over a month has past since I last made a post here when I was feeling extremely suicidal.  Not much has changed since then, just things have gotten worse.  Within that month I have attempted twice, both by mixing benzos, sleeping pills, and alcohol.  Both with the same result.  My cutting has been off and on.  With me cutting on Tuesday after not cutting for like a week maybe less than that.  I have been seeing my therapist still but not much has helped.  She just doesn't seem to be helping, and keeps telling me that I am not trying hard enough, and to keep doing CBT despite it not helping with my main symptoms.  I stopped my medication probably like the middle of August maybe.  And I have been on well over a dozen medications.  Here is a list of medications:

* Citalopram
* Clonazepam
* Diazepam
* Duloxetine
* Escitalopram
* Fluoxetine
* Fluvoxamine
* Haloperidol
* Lorazepam
* Olanzapine
* Quetiapine
* Risperidone
* Sertraline
* Trazadone
* Venlafaxine
* Ziprasidone
* Zoplicone
* Zygess

So, what are my issues/symptoms.  From previous posts that I have made here, you might remember probably not though.  I am a 20 year old male, that is diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Major Depressive Disorder (Linked to my OCD), and Borderline Personality Disorder.  I also believe I have an undiagnosed psychosis issue, as I routinely and constantly have intrusive paranoid thoughts, delusional thoughts about people reading my minds, and that the government is controlling my thoughts and OCD.  Along with those thoughts, I sometime believe that objects are talking to me, and that I hear things.  I feel that I am slowly slipping back into a psychotic state, because I am having an increasing difficulty telling my thoughts apart.  The reason this is so unnerving to me, is that the psychotic thoughts generally involve me hurting myself.  For my OCD, the only thing that is a major concern as I generally don't care about my other OCD symptoms, at least not to the extent of my main obsession.  The obsession that really drives my crazy, causes emotions of guilt, and anger at myself is having extremely violent mental images of hurting myself or others.  These thoughts in turn cause me to be extremely depressed and are a major reason why I am feeling extremely suicidal.  

I know that I should be in a hospital for my own safety.  But, in the past I have been hospitalized 4 times.  Two of those times were against my will, brought in by the police if that matters.  However, all 4 times I have general come out worse then when I go in.  I just end up lying so I can get out of there as quick as I can for a variety of reasons.  The major reasons because as stated it just doesn't seem to help me, I tend to have more anxiety/paranoid/psychotic thoughts.  My average length of stay is usually 1 month, during which the first 2-3 days I am essentially catatonic and black out.  Followed by the next days/weeks seeing psychiatrists and therapists everyday.  Nothing really helps, it is mainly just re-telling everything over again, them giving me medications.  Then due to me just not getting better, and finding things getting worse I end up lying saying that I am feeling fine, and usually within 3-5 days I am out of there.  So, me going to a hospital just is not going to happen.  And as cliche as it sounds, if I were to be picked up by the cops it just wont end well.  

This leads me to question why am I here?  The obvious answer is I want help, because I don't want to die.  I just want to have these thoughts stop, and I need answers other than hit gym, give it more time, or pseudo-science bullshit.  But, even knowing that I have OCD I know that things wont stop, that they will always fucking be there.  So, I guess what I want is not possible.  Maybe I need a better way to cope with these thoughts, or for something to fucking work.  But as I have mentioned CBT hasn't been helping with these thoughts.  So the idea of trying to distract myself and re-focus is not helping with the main symptom.  Nor, do I even know what to do with the psychotic thoughts, since all the psychs/therapists I have seen tend to think that I am just paranoid and shit because I smoke cannabis.  Which, honestly to me is not true, because no matter how many times I tell them that when I smoke, all my symptoms are pretty much taken care off.  Or that when I stop smoking/drinking for 3 months, and they are still happening, they dismiss it and say well if they are still there within a year or so then we might have too take a look at that.  I am basically at the end of my will to live and to keep trying to get better, but eventually things get too overwhelming.  I know that suicide is a solution to a temporary problem, but when your problems are pretty much there for life, and when I don't ever have a true relief from them it becomes more appealing despite me knowing that I shouldn't do it.

I think that covers it really.  "
"i tried ending it the other night. I took a bunch of pills, of all different sorts, and went to bed.  The next afternoon, I woke up in my bed and it looks like i vomited everything up without realizing it.  

My body knew how to take care of itself on its own.  

This is the first time I've ever actually tried to commit suicide, and I'm thinking of ending it tonight with a knife this time.  So, this time, my body can't stop me.  

I'm about to fail out of college, and there is nothing I can do about it.  I can't live with myself, and see how my family and friends react. I've known about this for over a week, and I just can't let my parents see me fail like this.  I dont know why I am writing on Reddit, but, obviously, I'm scared.  I want to run away, and go somewhere completely new.  But, most of me would rather take the easy way out and just end it now.  

"
"From now on I will never declare suicidal thoughts. Locking me up in a mental hospital makes me feel worse. Suicide is the symptom, depression is the root cause. I now feel like a caged animal, [thanks for the advice](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/e5xc1/letting_people_know_what_im_thinking_good_or_bad/) &lt;/scarcasm&gt;"
"(throwaway acct, obviously)

I was going to submit this to /r/AskReddit, but I moved it here because I know that I could take pills and have it be painless or or steal my roommate's gun and make it happen quickly, but I don't have the cojones to do it. I simply can't do it and I feel like that makes me more pathetic than the people that can ask for help because they KNOW they can do it.

I'm at the end of my rope. I've been looking for a job for almost 8 months now. I'm watching my friends get engaged, married, have children, graduate college, all of the things I feel like I should be doing by now. I can't take it anymore. All of those suicide-watch things say you need to concentrate on the things you're good at to build self-worth, but all I'm good at is video games and manual labor and I can't get a job doing either one of those things. What makes things even worse is that I can't even sublimate my pride to take a service job like hotel housekeeping or food service. I've had a real job creating and making print and internet ads and I can't go back to what I did before I got there. I KNOW that the economy is shit and that I should be happy to have ANY job, but I can't go back to high-school wages without feeling like a complete failure.

It's only recently that I've started noticing my roommates talking about moving out after our lease is up. They've mentioned it to me, but never talked seriously about moving. Between news I've heard from mutual friends and their own attitudes towards new places, it's increasingly apparent to me that they want to move out without me once our lease is up (February 2011) and leave me high and dry. I don't know what I've done to piss them off to this point, but it hurts like hell that they'd do this to me.

So what's the point? I have no job, the people I thought were my friends are planning on leaving my with no options, and my parents have basically told me that I'd better not come back home or else. What's the fucking point of living any further. I'm looking for any answer.

Caveat: I will likely only come back to this throwaway to let you know I'm okay in a few days. I have a lot of liquor in me right now (trying to feel better), and that's all I'm willing to commit to.

EDIT: Hell. I don't remember the pass to this acct, but I'll make another throwaway called thro1t4w4y to respond tomorrow morning. I am in no immediate danger, but these thoughts have been persisting for the last 3 nights and I have no idea how to deal with the,."
"I slept for 12 hours the other day. Today? I slept, woke, and slept again another 3... and kept wanting to drift away more.

I don't have a job. I'm living on the sufferance of friends. My only claim to fame is that I was about to pay a months rent. I just had my phone cut off so the interviews, the callbacks, I was hoping for? Well, gone now is that hope.

I have no money. I have a degree I will do nothing will. I can't even get a job in a fast food restaurant.

I drink to make myself numb. I masturbate out of pure boredom.

Night comes earlier and earlier. I feel trapped in my house, surrounded by people and very much alone.

And the only reason I don't make any serious attempts at suicide is that a friend died recently, too young, and she deserves better than that kind of disrespect.

Doesn't mean I don't think about it, though.

Often. More and more often."
"So, I want to try to keep this short.  Basically, I had a dream from middle school through high school (that would effect the rest of my life).  Unfortunately, I didn't accomplish that dream.  I don't want to go into the details of what it was.

But the reason it bugs me is it wasn't my fault that I didn't accomplish it (I know everyone says that, but this case is true).  The dream was basically ruined by someone who was in a power position over me.  And there was no alternative paths to take to avoid him.  Second, I know for a fact I could have accomplished my dream had i not taken one path over another (which led me to meeting this person who ruined my dream).

Now, I'm left with no reason to live.  In fact, when I made my determination to reach my goal I said I would accomplish it or die.  Well, I'm here now without my goal.

Not reaching this goal has effected my life in major ways that are unreversable.  The only way one could fix the situation is with a time machine.  When I say this has effected me in a major way, it basically means my life story would be DRASTICALLY different than it is now (I can't emphasize that enough).

I'm basically left in a void now.  Almost like my life is basically over.  I'm simply waiting for death to see what (if anything) comes next (at 22 none the less).

I know people will say simply move on and find other interests.  But, when I say this was my goal, I mean it was my ONE MAJOR GOAL in life.  It wasn't a small goal or some simple childhood goal.  It meant something.  I have no other passion right now like I had for that goal.  And I could let this go if I knew it was my own failings that caused it, but unfortunately I know that isn't the case.  And I could let it go if I could rationalize it off as something that clearly I couldn't have accomplished, but that isn't true either.

I don't know what I'm looking for in a response anymore.  Maybe I'm just throwing this out there to see what comes up.  

"
"I'm scared and just want an easy way out. 
No point trying talking me out of it. 
I just need the most peaceful way so I won't know what's happening. The only thing I can think of is carbon monoxide right now or skydiving and not pulling the cord."
"Sorry for the wall of text, tl;dr at the bottom.Also sorry if this is the wrong subreddit. Just to give out the obvious stuff - I'm 24, I've been what you would say is depressed for almost a year now. For half of that I'm in an internship in a foreign country. After trying to make it work, my GF of 3 years decided that she knows our relationship is falling apart, but doesn't know or doesn't actively want to fix it. On my side I did everything i could possibly do, above and beyond what was expected of me. But that's not what i wanted to talk about.

What is really important, is that I have come to the conclusion, that 
#1 I don't feel ANY pleasure from anything i used to do.
#2 Pleasure, or any feeling at all is an illusion, an instrument to keep me alive. 

#1 Is pretty self-explanatory. I'm an IT guy, and I used to be an aspiring sysadmin. I went thru Atari 8bit -&gt; Amiga 68k -&gt; PC (Linux) -&gt; Mac. I knew everything there was to know about each piece of hardware I owned, for some even too much (i could do simple ASM on my Atari). I was into the demascene, wrote my simple 3D engine. I was THE Unix guy to go to. I could type a config file for a x86{,_x64} kernel for a laptop i never looked at. I knew almost every debian package i had installed on my system. Then i switched to Gentoo, so that i could understand and control every aspect of the system. Then i switched to the Mac, mainly because of my hatred of X, but i still had a Gentoo VM. After that got boring i bought myself an Android phone, and even participated somewhat in the xda community, committed a couple of fixes here and there, even one to the Cyanogenmod kernel. And no, IT wasn't my only passion. I played the drums and the trombone, and loved it, i wrote stories (i used to love greek mythology, and the greek theatre), i tried freerunning from time to time. And i enjoyed parties and social gatherings with my group of friends.

And then I went to college (IT, network engineering, equivalent of bachelor). For those of you from the US, European college is a tad different because it's not necessary to leave home, and it's way more studying then partying (tho some might disagree). At any rate, i remember it as a lot of work, a lot of failures, which later were overcome with success. And those felt good, REAL good, like i just bested myself.
And then the 4th year came. Only 3 courses during the whole week, which amounted to 3 days where i had one course, and the rest of the day off, and the rest of the day where i had nothing to do. This is the exact point where things went to hell. During the previous year, i ALWAYS had something new to do, something to check out, some new service to try and get up and running, just to see how it could be done. Just to learn. And of course i would be doing that while the next exam would be in 2 days, with me doing no studying. I was drunk with passion and ambition. And it faded. And I don't know why. I had so much time now, why wasn't i interested now, since i had so much freedom to do all these experiments? I don't know, but i still yearn for this. It was the LAST THING THAT GAVE ME PLEASURE. Well, that, and her. The last semester drove me down, but at least i could lean on her. I loved her, she loved me, and since she was in the same college as me, studying almost the same thing (i was network eng, she was database eng), but a year younger, so i helped her with her classes, and in return i could experience this feeling a little bit longer.

Then i got the internship. I thought ""great, finally i'll be busy with something, and working for such an organisation will fill me with pride, earn brownie points on my CV, and will help me financially too (they pay, and the pay is VERY good)"". She was hesitant, but i told her she would get in after me, so we'll experience it together. I went there, and not only did it not give me what i wanted, it has only amplified the feeling. Over here, i saw what would most probably be my future life. And I don't like it. Partly because i landed a programmer position (I can do it, but it was never something i overtly enjoyed), but partly because it sucks the life out of me. Routine, slow, predictable, painstaking. I hate it. Also, she didn't get in. So I was left stranded here, with the last thing that gave me any strength to go on, the last reason why i should even care, 2000km from me. But while i was ""enjoying"" this, she changed. She lost A LOT of weight, thru mostly starving herself, and changing her diet to only veggies. 70 -&gt; 50kg, with 173cm height. She looks.. unattractive now, but she also changed mentally. One thing let to another, and we fallen apart. She left me knowing this very well. Although she would scream at me for telling her outright that i will end myself, she didn't know how or even want to fix our relationship. I am now alone, with nothing to live for.

Now you're probably thinking ""unfriend, lawyer up, hit the gym"". Nope, i won't. Because all this made me think really hard just WHY i feel this way.

#2 Pleasure is a illusion. So is pretty much every reason we do things too
I got this when she was becoming cold and distant at first. Some of you might want to check out my previous post. tl;dr she was on Birth Control, her body stopped producing hormones, she had no sex drive, or any kind of attraction to me, physical or emotional. Which got me thinking. Just WHAT IS happiness. And why do i care tham I'm happy? -&gt; Because it makes me feel good. Why? Here's why : because of hormones. Endorphin to be exact. Well, maybe there's more of them, I'm not a doctor. As far as i understand, when we feel good, these get released to the brain, and get picked up by neuroreceptors, which then have some effect of how are synapses communicate, and then on our body too. Endorphin makes you feel happy, adrenaline makes you feel agitated and so on. So what happens when we take these away? Well, going back to my ex-gf, when she didn't have her girly-hormones. No procreation. Get it? Without these things, you would have a tough time to convince the human species to have sex, and therefore have offspring. It's natures way of making sure the species procreates, by giving us pleasure in sex. Otherwise we wouldn't bother. Just imagine if you could, the actual mechanical act of sex, without ANY pleasure (but without any discust too). Just think how comical, and stupid it looks. But it gives us pleasure at the end.

Which brings me to my point. We're hardwired by nature to seek out pleasure. We're made junkies right from birth. It doesn't matter what you do to get yourself there - climbing a mountain, riding an awesome bike, or being a serial killer watching his victim die. At the end they'll get their fix. And you know why? Because if we would objectively, without feeling look at our existence, we wouldn't bother. Just look at those apathy filled people who are on lithium, those who seem to have emotion. That's humanity being off the drug. What you feel, be it happiness, anxiety, fear, love. They're taught chemical responses. Some taught by your parents, some by society, some by instinct.

And here's where i stand : to me, they're FAKE. However, i don't know what would be a TRUE feeling, or if such a thing existed. I just feel like a preprogrammed automaton, with no free will. Combine that with #1, i have no more reason to put up with this life, and i wish to end it, as soon as I finish paying of some debts. Tell me what you think reddit. Oh, and please keep the religion stuff to yourself. If you didn't pick it up yet, I'm an atheist.

tl;dr : I felt no pleasure since i started being done with college, pleasure is just a chemical reaction and is fake to me."
[removed]
"I just feel I should at least say this to one person, just so one person knows.

I've been depressed for a long time and I've been on medication for about 4 years (celexa sucked now on zoloft) and I always told the few people that knew I sometimes felt suicidal that I would try, that I would give it a go for them because they cried at the thought of it and because I wanted to try and have a good time and experience life.

Long story short, I got abused and raped and other horrific stuff when I was 9, by my cousin, I didn't tell anyone until I was 17. My family dynamic is kinda weird, no one talks to each other about anything important, it's all worthless surface chat, I couldn't tell them so I told a friend, well I told her about the self harm first (had been going on for years) and that kinda led to my childhood. 

She was amazing and helped and talked me out of hurting myself when I was just in this shitty twilight of letting things out that I'd never let myself feel before. I told my mum a year later when I was 18 and all she did was ask me if I wanted him to do it and if I liked it so it was never mentioned again after that conversation. My friend convinced me to get therapy and I had it for a while a while but, I had to leave the best therapist in the world because I moved, I found another one I couldn't trust and I eventually gave up.  

I've not been in therapy for a year, I went to a psychiatrist because they thought I was bipolar, apparently I'm not. Things have gone downhill so fucking fast, the Zoloft changed my life and things were so good and I felt like I didn't need a purpose, I just loved being here, I've just fallen into this fucking disgusting hole. I cut and I needed stiches which I didnt get, I just feel worthless. I feel like no one and I've got no one I can talk to and I thought I did. Everyone asked me to open up, to tell, to tell them and to tell people, to make it easier for me, to keep telling people and it would get easier somehow. And now I have this fucking huge can of worms that I opened with the promise of it being alright and now the can is still open and it's been nearly 4 years and it's not alright, and now my friends aren't here anymore, now I don't have anyone and my head is filling with those thoughts that I had before. I know how I'll do it, I know where I'll do it the question is just when I'll do it. 

I know suicide is the last option but everything I do and everything I don't do hurts me, makes me feel guilty and causes a shit load of pain that I can't feel without wanting to end this and the only way to feel different is to try and work my childhood through but it hurts when you do that and you need people to help otherwise you'll get overwhelmed and just do it. It's so fucking horrible just to **imagine** that that happened to me let alone acknowledge that it actually did. 

I just feel like the time is coming I think about it more and more and I cut to try and make the feelings less strong and I pretty much smoke green every day to try and dull it but depression is a strong black cloud and I'm just tired. 

I'm so sorry this is so long. Thanks if you read it, I needed to say it. "
"I'm fat, I'm working on it, in the last year i've gone from being hospitalized for having gall blader stones and being a 58 waist to now being a fucking fat-ass 50 waist, hurray me.  My problem is i hate my life and I don't think that whatever waist size i become i still will not be loved by anyone.  For some reason the last day or so their is a beatle song in my head.  ""All you need is love"" which basically says that i don't have the only thing i need.  I hate what i am and i don't actually see a brighter future for me.  I think logically I should kill myself and there's really no reason not too except that i'm to fucking chicken shit to go through with it.  I'm a bad person, i don't care what other's think, i think some people should be killed. i think i'm one of them.  I want to say i don't fucking care, but the opposite is true, i care so fucking much about everything but I feel so powerless to change anything. I don't see a future for me, or rather i see a future for me but its goddamn the same as it is now but just me being older.  I can't even entertain the possibility of someone liking me, or even of me liking someone who likes me. I don't really know why i write this crap except for some attention from people who i can barely pretend are real or who care about me for a slight ammount of time it takes to reply.  Why can't i have the courage to end it or the tenacity to change."
"I think about killing my self constantly. I've been depressed for years and when I talked to a doctor about it I did research on the meds for it and I refused them at the time because I was doing drugs they would interfere with (LSD, Shrooms,DXM, RCs, etc...). Well, that was years ago and I've akways seemed to have worse seasonal depression, but I have it constantly. Life can go on and I know everything should be fine, but I don't feel fine. I have a decent amount of friends and yeah I've had woman problems, but who hasn't? None of that stuff bothers me any more than it should I don't think anyways. None of that stuff actually matters in the equation of how I feel.

 I've also been doing heroin pretty frequently. I'd say every day for the past 4+ months (maybe more I don't recall exactly) or damn near close to every day. It was odd how I ended up doing it, but I guess that is a different story. I don't inject it (I only smoke it), but still I do it often. No one really knows except for a very small group of people and I don't know if that makes it worse, but it doesn't make anything better. I thought about trying to OD because it would just be peaceful, but after doing some research it doesn't seem to be... I did a bit more investigation and have been looking into making chloroform to douse a rag in and tie over my face. I'm honestly surprised at how easy it is to make, but anyways... I have not really talked to anybody about this. I just can't stand how I feel and I just don't want to keep feeling like this."
"this is my post from r/depression

I've been super depressed before, it sabotaged my high school years so I read everything I come across about it. Your quality of life and your health depends on what you do or don't. It's not all about you sometimes. This is everything I've learned about how to combat depression so please try it and keep at it. If it works for you, you can thank me by living the best possible life you can and helping others like yourself to fight it too.

1)Get a good balanced diet! All essential everything and what not especially omega 3's and amino acids. Eat fruits and veggies too. use those dollars you spend on fast food and go for tasty healthy food you make yourself. no processed sugar/syrup if you can help it. stay away from stimulants.

2)DON'T fap (its a trap!, doing this releases chemicals in your brain to make you feel more depressed every time you do it.) Vicious cycle cause of short term good feeling when your numb but its sexual quicksand!

3)Keep a good routine for everything and stick to it. Especially sleep schedules. Don't stay up late, get up early and get a run in to release pleasing endorphins! You can get more stuff done too.

4) Exercise! feel better about your self and your body. Do it for yourself and not for getting the opposite sex, that will come naturally and love can just be a crutch. If its gone you just revert back and more so from heart break. Endorphins!

5)Sunbathe once every 3 days but remember the sun screen, if you're by the pool you can exercise too but remember to reapply the uva/uvb after you get wet. Its a chance to relax and let go but more importantly you need that natural vitamin D your skin makes from exposure to the sun.

6)Have fun and don't isolate yourself. Doing this with a friend or SO will help make things bareable and time go by quicker. You're not totally alone but don't slack off just because they can't do it with you all the time. This is for you but it is bigger than you, if you get what i mean.

Write all this down and post it all over your house if you have to. Future you will thank you later! Good Luck.
------
EDIT:to the people who gripe about fapping and depression you need to read both sides not just the stuff for normal people, you are depressed, traditionally that's not considered normal. 

you get addicted and can associate it with porn that multiplies addiction and fucks with your brain so then you're under constant withdrawal like you've been taking a drug. these are a bit long but i hope you read them both. 

you ever wonder why you can get sometimes get depressed after you fap?
 
[prolactin and dopamine](http://forums.rxmuscle.com/archive/index.php/t-7428.html)

[symptoms is depression](http://in.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100702211812AASbJdc)


"
"The first day in a weeks I haven't been depressed upon opening my eyes and realizing I was alive still... One hour later... another one of my old high school friends is dead. Thats two in the past month. I'm only 18... I shouldn't have to deal with this much friend-death until I'm much older... why is the world like this? 

Edit: It was a suicide. I'm done. "
"My friend, we'll name Jim, is usually a very friendly, caring and intelligent guy who gets along with most people. Jim has been depressed, which my close friend, Mary, says is because he thinks no one will ever love or support him. He attempted suicide in the past, which he said was when he was ""stupid"", but he has still been depressed since. Jim and Mary became very close a few months ago, and he was very in love with her, but she didn't return his feelings. They recently dated for a couple weeks, but he might have hit the breaking point after they broke up this week. Mary and several of her other friends have been trying to get him better throughout the whole ordeal, but it hasn't been helping because he won't open up.

On facebook, he said that his internet at home was being cut off, and leaving with the message ""life has its ups and it's downs... but sometimes its just not fair to us... sometimes it makes a bad situation worse... how are we to survive? how are me to keep moving on... ""

Earlier this morning, Jim sent a text to Mary which included: ""i always knew my life would end badly."" and ""thank you for making me happy for 2 weeks"". She tried to contact him after, and he finally said he was just 'fine'.

I know he browses reddit from time to time but I don't think he can now due to his lack of internet. All of us are still in high school, but I don't really hang out with them during school, so I don't know all of the details. They've gotten really worried about him, and I'm really just trying to help out on all of this. We never know what's going to happen to him when he has limited contact outside of school, and acts out of it during school. We just want to see what we can do to help, reddit."
"Title was perhaps rather sensationalist, but here goes.

My mind wonders to suicide all the time. I think the only thing stopping me is that I'm worried as hell I'll try something, fuck it up, and have to live with everyone thinking ""oh my god he tried to kill himself!"". I mean, nothing could be worse than that, right? I don't live in the US so I don't have access to firearms, which would be a pretty safe bet, I guess.

I've thought about cutting before (but it's kinda painful) and pills (but I'd not enjoy the puking) and even recently driving my car into a wall at 150mph. 

So, why? Well, I'm turning 21 soon and I've never been out with a girl. Never had sex, although interestingly I was recently offered it with a girl who I kinda liked, I mean the night before when I was drunk I was all over her, but she was like ""you're too drunk, lol"". We got as far as her bedroom and her saying ""take your clothes off then"", before I freaked out and left. With a massive hard on, still. So not like I didn't want it or anything.

But I think the overriding factor is that I think I'm in love with this girl. She's the most amazing girl I've ever met, she's cute, funny and pretty intelligent - although not into geek levels (although she does play WoW). And we're great friends as well. But she has a boyfriend, and she has no idea how I feel about her. I would tell her, but god she's almsot five years younger than me and I really don't want to get rejected by her, have her think I'm a perv, and lose her completely.

Generally most of the above would just make me a bit depressed, but not suicidal. The thing that gets me is how apathetic I am. I mean really, at the end of the day, a few thousand years from now all that'll remain of me will be 10^28 little atoms scattered across the planet. 

What in the hell should I do?"
"First off I don't know if this is the correct subreddit since it is not me that is in need of help but a friend.  First off, I'm 17 year old male (18 next month) I'm an honor student at my school and have a pretty good life, I am not suicidal at all.   My friend is 17 years old, female and has had a hideous life in comparison to mine.  She is an accident and her parents were never married.  She has lived in Texas her whole life with her mother for part of the time and her father part of the time.  Her mom then moved to Utah and became LDS, but she continued to live in Texas with her father until she turned 17 and moved to Utah, which is where I live (I'm not LDS for the record, more-so an atheist). 

In her time living in Texas she was abused but her ""boyfriends"" and addicted to cigarettes (she still is and trying to quit).  She failed out of her junior year in high school and had to take it again here. Her mother is a little weird and doesn't treat her very well and is judgmental about what friends my friend has.  Which used to include me, but I think that has subsided.

Anyways to the meat of the whole thing, last Saturday was marking the day that she was going to quit cigarettes which, as far as I know, she hasn't smoked since then.  So while I was studying for a test today she texted me saying that she really really wanted to smoke, which I told her not to in a nice way.  She then was asking me to get her some which I wouldn't do regardless if I wanted to or not, and she has never asked me to do that before either.  I asked her why she ""needed"" them and she said, ""Cuz I need them like really bad and I will commit suicide today if I don't have at least one. Lol""  Then we went on with normal conversation and then I asked, ""So what are you doing?"" which she replied by saying, ""O.D.ing on painkillers""  So then I started freaking out and not knowing what to do so I told my dad.  He said we needed to go to her house.  When we got there it turns out that everything was ok and nothing was wrong. 

So then I get back home she starts to text me again saying that her mom is taking her to a psycho hospital (don't know if that is the right term -_-) and now she really wants to kill herself.

I guess I needed to get that off my chest in a way because I feel a little better now, but I don't know what to do? She has a little counseling and my whole family cares for her. I don't know what to do.... :(  

BTW This is a throwaway account."
"Hello

I am very depressed and have been this way for a long time. I fantasize about suicide daily. I usually don't think that I would accually commit suicide but it feels like a possibility more and more these days. I offer nothing of value to the world and I can't find anything that I want from it.

I've considered myself asexual for many years now. I have no desire for any relationship. I have sabotaged friendships many times to further distance myself from anyone.

I am unemployed and have been living off my own savings and now I have no money left. I have self-inflicted health problems that would take years of work to recover from and they also prevent me from working (I am a tradesman.)

I feel apathetic about everything. Getting myself to a place where I could be okay with life feels impossible due to the fact that I don't want anything from it. 

I am extremely independent, stubborn, and unwilling to ask for help. I am slowly becoming a burdon to people who can barely support themselves. I am unable to keep supporting myself and would need help financially to keep going past this month. I am unable to cope with this change and I do not see myself surviving much longer.
When I used to think about suicide I think I felt scared about it. Now when I think about it I feel relieved by the thought. I know I would create alot of pain for people around me but I dont think that the possibility of guilt can hold me back from doing it. All I can think about these days is how to make my suicide less of a burdon for other people.
"
[removed]
"I got this horrible urge to scar or injure myself tonight. It's so frustrating to try to explain to people how awful I feel while looking and acting fairly normal. 

I don't even cry as much as I did during my last depression. But it's wearing me down all the same. 

I can't cry and look at myself in the mirror. It doesn't fit. I look healthy. It makes me feel worse. Like I should have no reason to cry...

That feeling I got when I looked at my serrated knife...I just want it to go away....."
"I'm not suicidal, let's just get that out there, but sometimes I just feel so helpless I don't want to be here anymore. I would never be able to kill myself, I know how selfish it is and how much opportunity I would miss out on if I did, so in the meantime I just harm myself in order to hide the pain. I don't want anyone to tell me I am stupid, and I don't want sympathy at all, I just need someone to listen. I am so broken inside, I'm not okay by any means. I am heartbroken, confused, and lonely. I just cut myself about 15 times along with carving the words I'm fine into my shoulder, of course I am not fine, but nobody knows that but me. I am not who I appear to be. I don't think anyone knows the real me. Anytime I try to be myself I get called weird or strange. I don't think I'm weird. I am unique. I am a good person, I'm fun to be around, I'm not a bitch unless I have a reason to be, but people don't ever want to know the real me. They don't care about me. Of course I have my family members who care, and a few close friends, but the majority of people in my life wouldn't give two shits if I died tomorrow. I am young, I have a lot to live for, but sometimes I feel like I'm not going anywhere in life. The person I want to spend my life with isn't in love with me like he said he was, and my best friend, who has been there for me through everything for the past 4 years has replaced me with two new best friends since we've been separated by different colleges. I guess I just feel very alone in this world. I just want someone to be there for me and not make me feel like I'm a burden. There is one person I usually tell all this to, but I feel like a burden to him. I just need someone."
"Why do you people keep on insisting that things are so hunky-doory and peachy during the fucking apocalypse?

You tell people, ""OH CHEER UP SIR, THINGS WILL GET BETTER, NOW PUT A SMILE ON AND HAVE CONFIDENCE HUUURRRRR.""  Well guess what?  It doesn't get better.  The entire world is fucked, wave of wave after genocide and thievery and government and authority and liars and sociopaths and the iron fist of assholes and authoritarians blah blah blah.  The world is beyond redemption.  You fucking hipsters talk about ""democracy"" and working together like fucking niave children, thinking you can save the world magically.  Well guess what?  Democracy, and all the others, are failed ideologies, just like Communism.  You won't change the world.  What you're getting is the result of human nature.  You think you can just tweak the system, turn a few knobs and dials and change some parameters and fix the world if only people were good little progressives.  You're fucking nuts.


And what do I have for myself?  Nothing.  I'm this fat, ugly, shrill funny-sounding fat cretin of a man, virgin (as you would expect) that is graduating from college with a useless degree--I decided grad school is not for me--with nothing but tundra in all directions.  I'm trapped in an emotional frozen desert and I've got nothing going for me in life with you assholes.  ""It gets better!"" you shout to me from your Macbook, your short break from making hip cool comments about how cool Obama is (or maybe it was a FFFFUUUU comic on 4chan, or something) despite the fact that you've never been truly miserable.  The unhappiest you've been was the time you accidentally stepped on and broke your Animal Collective CD.  Or knowing this bunch, probably some dumb techno bullshit.  Regardless, you stand there with your mouth agape telling me that things pick up from here on out, that I can get a job and a nice woman and everything will be gosh-darn swell.


It doesn't end like that.  A job?  A recluse like me doesn't get a job. A recluse like me doesn't connect with people, doesn't want to talk about the BIG FOOTBALL GAME or small talk about how their nephew farted in class and got soooo embarrassed or how that one American Idol contestant was gypped out of winning their shitty pop record deal.  A spineless loser with no talent does not get any job that requires skills.  People skills?  We've already established that.  Artistic skills?  Even my handwriting is a mess.  Mechanical skills?  How can I fix anything if I can't even fix my mess of a life?  The rest of my life is being put under the yoke and collar of middle management.  I shall become Lord of the Smoothee machine!  My legacy:  ""Look upon my Large Fries, ye mighty, and despair!""  I shall be fondly remembered as the crazy guy that washed dishes and was ugly as shit.

Ugly as shit!  Did I mention I'm a virgin?  Oh, yes, I did, didn't I?  I would make a great virgin sacrifice!  I've spent many a night meating my meat in mechanical agony, getting a nice tan under the glow of my TV trying not to sob because I know I couldn't get anything even remotely close to anyone that looked like those girls interested me, not even halfway as good.  Then I'm reminded that there's ugly girls out there, ugly women as I am an ugly man, and I'm not attracted to them, and if I can't be attracted to people as ugly as I am, how can I expect to be loved or even be worthy of love?  I've been utterly ignored by the opposite sex--they've told me I'm ugly, you see.  Don't start on the confidence bullshit!  I'm not like you, hipster redditor--I don't stutter and cum my pants just because a girl looks at me.  Confidence doesn't net you girls, means to provide and good looks does.  The literature of this subject seems to agree with me, as confidence is explained as being DUE to ability to get girls, as due to physical attraction and so on, and so, hipster redditor, you mix up cause and effect (for the most part) so you yourself can continue to live in a world where everything is just and equitable and progressive and works out in the end.  Well, take those shades off (it's indoors, you fucking hipster!) and look around you, by and large, good-lookin' men are with good-lookin' women.  The hot chicks are moaning because the hot studs are boning THEM.  Only in hollywood does Joe Nerd McLinuxpants fuck the cheerleader.  I'm too spoiled and selfish not to go for the fat goth girls with mommy issues and heads filled with borderline personality disorder (all I can get; all I'm good for) and so I shall die without ever getting my dick wet.  And even if!  Even if I were to find one I myself liked, they would not like me, as I am physically repulsive to behold.  But I have not loved a girl ever, not with the complete unity of my personality, because I knew--KNEW--there were all a mess in the head, and incompatible with me, my interests, my goals and desires, and the life I wanted to lead, a life without family, religious dogmas, social dogmas, cultural Christianity, the whole average all-American mediocrity and what-have-you.


Friends?  I have but one, and due to a GREAT life on Earth with all you fabulous human beings I'm incapable of fulling trusting him.  Or anyone else.  Not like there's much else out there worth talking to, the conversations are terrible.  ""Dude, you like music too?  FAR OUT, I LOVE RAP!"" ""WHAT DID YOU THINK ABOUT THAT $LOCAL_SPORTS_TEAM GAME LAST NIGHT DUDE?""  ""DUDE, DO YOU OWN AN XBOX?  I LOVE HALO!""  You're all miserable and stupid as shit!  And they think I'm crazy--they're the ones that believe in their metaphysical manifestations of meaninglessness.  Gods and ghosts and all sorts of bullshit!  How can you make friends with people that are just so... so, BENEATH you?  And they are completely beneath me, intellectually speaking.  Not a slight bit of an interest in philosophy (Continental philosophy is not philosophy), or science, in music (urban poetry is not music), or good TV, or good video games, or just all-around CREATIVITY.  You step out of the line and they start to become visibly distressed that someone isn't in their place.  Oh praise Jesus, hallelujah, he stepped back into line, now I am back in my comfort zone in my American Family Values Midtown USA existence!

So am I going to off myself, since this is SuicideWatch?  No, not today at least.  Somewhere down the road, though, maybe, because it's too cold here and there's only so long you can walk through the snow without wanting to just collapse in it and let it overtake you."
"I just can't see any future for myself - I think I'm trans but I have unaccepting parents I still live with, and don't have any sort of a job so I have to keep living with them, I'm going to college next year so I need them to pay for that and so then there's five more years until I can do anything, and it will probably be even longer than that until I can be independent enough to transition and I don't think I can wait that long.  I've always considered myself asexual but recently I've started liking girls but I'm not really sure if I actually like them or if I'm just making myself think that to try to excuse my masculinity to try to deny to myself my being trans, and I'm not really sure how you could tell what you're sexually attracted to so I feel like there's no way for me to know short of dating someone, but I don't know any lesbians / bi girls, and even if I did I doubt they'd like me or I'd like them because I'm a giant nerd and I also hate all females even though I'm a giant feminist but every time I'm around any females all I want to do is punch them in the face for being so shallow so now I'm not sure if I'm really just a giant misogynist and not really trans, but then I remember how much I hate doing anything considered feminine, but then I wonder if I'm just gay and it just seems like there's no way to know.  I don't have any friends I can talk to about this and it just seems like I'm always going to be miserable because I hate being a girl right now but I'm scared that if I become a boy I'd still hate that too, but it doesn't matter because I don't have any way to actually do that, so it seems like I'll just have to deal with this and I'm driving myself trying to figure out if I like girls because it just seems like there's no way to ever know and I'm going to be wondering forever and never be happy.  My life just keep getting worse and worse, and I spend all day with people I hate, and it seems like anything that possibly can go wrong is going wrong.  So basically I have to choose between ruining my entire life and trying to transition, which is never going to happen because I can't even talk about it to anyone and any time the subject even comes up in conversation (talking about someone else or something) I feel like I'm about to pass out, and my parents would never be fine with it, and I can't decide on a name or anything and don't have any money, or just choose to be miserable for the rest of my life, which is probably going to be what's going to happen, but I just can't deal with the fact of that I'm going to be an adult female.  I'm a big feminist, and all I hear about is how everything is so much more difficult for females and they're always getting discriminated against and are always judged, but trans people are discriminated against even more (Then again, I've never even met another trans person), so no matter what I do I'm fucked.  I'd like to get a girlfriend just to see if I like girls, but there's no chance in hell of that ever happening, so I'll never know if I like girls or not.  It just seems like this is going to continue forever and never end, and I spend every day completely miserable, and thinking about nothing other than how much I hate everyone I'm with at the moment, and I can't get any of my schoolwork done because I'm so miserable, and I don't talk to anyone because I hate everyone, and there are a bunch of boys that are obsessed with me and clearly like me which just makes me feel like shit because it reminds me of how I'm female, and how I don't like boys so it just rubs it in and reminds me of that.  I do occasionally self-injure, but I'm paranoid of someone finding the scars so it always just makes me even more anxious.  I guess the thing that really pisses me off is just how I consider myself such a logical person and this doesn't make any sense, and I agree with all of the ""transphobic"" opinions about how the entire concept of being trans is bullshit, but for whatever reason I get irrationally angry any time I have to do anything feminine or get reminded I'm a girl, and it just seems like I'm completely insane because it doesn't follow any sort of logic or anything, and I always try to base all of my opinions off of facts, and this sounds so stupid, and I couldn't even explain it to someone else because I don't fully understand it myself - it just sounds like such a stupid concept, if someone else told me they felt like they were a different gender than they actually were I would probably laugh at them or think they were insane or something, but there doesn't seem to be any other way to explain my feelings.  I've always gotten bullied for acting masculine, so part of me is wondering if this is just me trying to come up with an excuse for acting masculine, or trying to find a way that no one will give me shit for being a masculine girl any more, because people in middle school used to tell me I was a boy and wouldn't let me be around girls and stuff.  So basically I'm just really confused and can't figure out who I am, and every time I think I've figured it out something else happens that contradicts it, and I don't see any hope of ever figuring it out, and my life just keeps getting worse and worse and I don't know what's happening and I keep having these weird irrational thoughts and it seems like I'm always going to be miserable for the rest of my life and I don't want to have to deal with that.

Sorry for the wall of text - I know it kind of skips around but I was just typing things as they came into my head and I don't want to have to re-read it or anything so hopefully it makes sense."
"I never wanted it to get to this point. I am so stressed out. I have twenty pages worth of papers due on Monday at noon, and I cannot seem to make myself actually get it done. I hate myself for letting it get this far, but I can't seem to do anything but mindless fucking internet surfing.

At this point I feel like it would be better to just off myself. I can't believe the absolute worthless shit I am writing. I'm just gonna fail, and since I can't deal with failing, I might as well go ahead and do it so people will feel a little bit sorry for me.

Someone please help me. I just reached for a glass to smash it and slit my wrists. It's never gone this far before. Please. someone say anything.

Edit: no, I haven't actually slit my wrists, but I smashed the glass. Sorry if the wording was weird."
My boyfriend and I just broke up. I don't know what to do. It is because I was raped and molested as a child and can no longer be in a sexual relationship. I am having suicidal thoughts like you wouldn't believe.
[removed]
"Hello guys, I am having a really tough day...

I am clinically depressed, and am on some Lexapro, but it doesn't seem to work. I took it so I can stop thinking about death daily. Sadly its become so ingrained in my life, that even when I am happy, I look around the room and find a way to plan my own demise. I just cannot get around it, it seems I am more ready to die then to live. 

I just don't know why I want to die so badly, I am a college student, I perform decently, I have a girlfriend who supports and loves me, a loving family, and a job. But I always feel so isolated, so disappointed as if life were a dead end. It has passed my mind that if I were to die in my sleep from natural causes, it would be a catharsis, and I think this before bed. 

I am not sure why, but I sit here isolated in my room, in a beautiful home, and an extravagant computer, yet I am willing to simple take an easy way out. I know its selfish, but it feels right.

Most people I tell simply respond that, I have so much to live for, why would this cross my mind. I cannot answer that. I just wish I could transcend this Earth quietly and peacefully so I don't hurt those who love me, or get deemed a coward if I were to end my own life. 

I am sorry for the rant, but I just need to let it out, its been building up for the entire day.
"
"I have at my disposal tons of klonopin and alcohol (hard liquor) which I know can easily send me into a coma but the quanitity I have could easily cause death during sleep. No pain. Besides the effects on my family, why shouldn't I? I owe tons of money, I fuck up all my classes no matter how hard I try. 

EDIT: tHanks guys.. I know I can keep going. I jus  rearely ghrt yhe chance, If I don'y pass my FI class I'm out and and move home, That's when I'll need yall the most. Love you guys.night.
"
"I am in college out of state and I fear if I told my parents or school that they would overreact and pull me out, pushing me over the ledge to suicide.  everytime on the phone when i am with my mom and i say my life is so bad and i am so depressed she gets all nervous and starts saying she is going to call the school and get an ambulance and send me to a hospital...   It basically scares me to death and I feel afraid to tell anyone how depressed I feel because they all would overreact and I do not want to be hospital.  I am depressed because i am lonely and struggling socially and academically.   i am depressed because i have severe panic attack disorder and i am really shy whilst having powerful agoraphobia.


is there anyone or any way i can tell someone or ask for help that would not result in ruining my life."
"I'm not sure what's going on with me but lately I've felt like doing nothing but ending it all. I recently started a job and haven't had any time for anything (girlfriend, friends, family, producing/mixing music, etc) and what little free time I have before I go to work or school or sleep is spent crying and trying to hide the fact fact that I've been crying from everyone. I have been so close to ending it and the only thing that keeps me from doing it is knowing that there are people who have it so much better than I do and then I convince myself that I shouldn't be feeling like this and that I don't have real problems. I miss hanging out with the people I care about and I miss making music. Today I had my day off from work and ended up spending 95% of it sleeping and then woke up in this mood that I'm in right now, feeling worthless and scared of losing my friends, family, girlfriend, passion for music, passion for other things I care about. I know I sound like a pussy, or at least I feel like one, but I'm desperately seeking some serious help and advice. please and thank you."
"because i feel im complaining. i hate when others do, so id be a hypocrit if i did. but i guess once in a while is alright. 

Its 3:44 and i cant sleep. its been like this for as long as i can remember. i get about 3 hours before work. then its not sound, because i stress a little about work, but thats ok. its nights where, im so tired in the whole day, and right around 10 it goes away. even if i was about to fall asleep. i cant get it. i cant. im so frustrated. 

then comes food, ive not eaten much in the last 5 days. fish, bagel, some bread, and half a burger. originally the doc thought it was GERD, which i started taking some meds. it didnt really do too much, but i wanted to give it time. 2 week later its not doing anything at all. im still getting pain. sharp pains sometimes too. stomach is horrible, much discomfort for hours upon hours and some pain. like now, i dont want to move at all. but, that could be due to anemia. which i think i got in the last few days. im forcing to breathe. dizzy, lightheaded. i have no energy. and a few other things. all 3 things which can cause depression, eating and sleeping problems. i know not what to do. im waiting for my doctor to answer back so i can get a blood test. if its GERD and its this bad, life is simply not enjoyable. ive been like this for the last year at least. ive gone to the doctor many times, but nothing ever happens, just new meds or try this, or this. i had to wait until something bigger happened. im hoping my blood test show something because im like, literally on my last bits of energy. but, all i can do is wait. this is hell. again. whyyyyy

sorry for rambling. i feel, a little better. just have patience. things will happen when they do, ive realize that by now. im not sure i can even die, as ive been so close to dying, and i think why did i survive, its impossible, anyone else would not have this luck. so, my attempts may be futile if id try. just slowly wither away i guess. haha

edit: i seem to have written a song, i wanted to share for some reason

**Hex**

this one is gone away

into the building, into the bay

those who were here, went away

those who always seem in need

seem to always be the ones to bleed


today is the day i live 

today is also the day i die

i need one day to give

because im one not to lie


dark nights, driving at night

streetlight shinning down

feeling alright

yearn for the song that speak without talking

explain, hurry, before the knocking

once its at the door

its time to hit the floor



today is the day i live 

today is also the day i die

i need one day to give

because im not one to lie



go with me one day

hate me the next

i sometimes wish to lay

i dont even want sex


life can be so confusing, yet so fun

death, seems always near, hes no one

live, play, enjoy life, fast

everything that happens now. is already in the past. 


time swimming with the flow

high and low, which way does it go

life following right behind

can you catch up in time


trying, trying to live. 

i had gave what i had to give

today i can sleep.

it should be pretty deep

im sorry i had to lie

it was my time to die"
"~400mg dexamphetamine
~480mg escitalopram
~40mg quetiapine
~500mg diphenhydramine"
"I'm not here for help. I want to share. The overwhelming anxiety has taken over. First the anxiety, then depression and so here I am, literally dying. Right now I've chosen to be a rebel against life and any form of it. And from what I've experienced life is gonna fuck me up badly. That's pure truth, when you turn your back on life and any aspects of it, if you're not trying, if you stop caring things just beat your mind to death. I'm expecting the worst right now, things are gonna change to the point that I've never even imagined. I'm afraid, I'm so anxious, I'm waiting to die, I'm waiting for the worst things to come. I was always a good boy, I don't deserve this kind of pain, I have all the opportunities in life, my life should be wonderful but I can't. I can't be wonderful. I don't have any chance in this battle, I'm just waiting for strikes. I'll bring pain to my family, I'm sorry for this devil in me. I'm sorry for being unproductive. I'm sorry for being born, but it's the seed, the seed of men who take their lives, the seed of cowards, the seed of the worst people. Do you hear me life? I'm ready, take what's yours, suck it out of me."
"My life sucks. I have had a lot of failures in my life and just this year I decided to change everything. Everything went well. I was so happy and things got better for a while. Things went downhill just last week. I need to make a life changing decision, but either will lead to failure. I'm not just saying that cause I'm negative right now. It's the truth. I'm not sure if I can finish college, I'm not rich, I'm not smart, my situation with my family sucks, and seeing everyone around me move forward just makes me feel more worthless. My life will not get better. Seriously. If only suicide wasn't so painful, I'd do it within a minute."
"So, here's my story. I'll keep it brief.

Arkansas is a very difficult place to find someone who is intelligent, liberal, and beautiful. Luckily I went to a college that bred that sort of thing. I graduated from there a year and a half ago, but 9 months ago, I was at a party and bumped into a girl who was still a student that I had met while I was there. We talked, and hit it off in a major way. The next night we shared drinks, but afterward I had to head back to where I lived, which was about 2 and a half hours away.

She and her boyfriend broke up soon after that. She and I began as just sexual partners, then got into an open relationship when we realized emotions were getting involved. I stuck with her for the two months she was halfway around the world in a study abroad program, and welcomed her back with open arms. Over the following months, we grew closer than I imagined I could be with anyone. Not only were we compatible in terms of intelligence and wit, but we both had fetish lists a mile long which, somehow, matched up. It was incredible, and a little over a month ago, she reached the point where she had admitted, in casual conversation, that it was likely we were going to get married.

Then a month ago, out of the blue, she breaks up with me. I won't go into the exact reason, but it was a large misunderstanding. Over the following 48 hours it was cleared up, but she said she still wanted us to have a ""separation"" to work on ourselves before we went back to being as serious as we had been. I was confused, but willing to try.

We've seen each other 4 times since then, the last being a week ago. We made love, we were telling each other how in love we were, she even kept grabbing my hand to hold it when we were in public. I thought things were improving.

This last Friday, I had a bit of a panic attack over both our relationship and a major event I'm preparing for that happens this week. We talked for a bit, and the conversation devolved from ""everything is ok"" to ""we need to start acting like we're actually broken up"" to ""I don't think we can be friends, and we need to not talk for a while.""

I've been trying to deal. But today, I got home to find that on a fetish site we're on, she has listed as a play partner the guy she has been playing with when we were open. She has no reason to put this out on the site, and she knew I would see it.

TLDR; I feel betrayed. A month ago, we were ready to get married, now, she's shoving it in my face that she's fucking someone else.

I am seriously considering suicide."
"I dont think I can.  there are so many things that people expect me to do.  im an alcoholic, an obvious drug addict, and a really depressive person.  right now i am drunk and there is a problem in that but i cannot control any aspect of my life.  I think about suicide everyday of my life and i am only 25.  i dont fucking care anymore!!!!!"
[removed]
"Before I go anywhere with this letter I would kindly like to thank you, my fellow redditer. To thank you for what I may not know but I do know that you have had some effect on the internet that I have perused for the years of my life and without a doubt you have added a slight bit to what has made it such an interesting mash up of opinions and viewpoints. A melting pot if there ever was one.

Dear,
Reader

Yes, I am posting to /r/SW but I carry a different message. Not one of hope or depression but one that simply is a story and a hopeful lesson. I am someone who has had a good life in a sense. Do not get me wrong here, I have had my fair share of negative moments [girlfriend dating my best friend, parents getting a divorce, being kicked out of my home]  that have brought me here but they were not the reason for me writing. I am writing because I made a mistake and I do hope that I can dissuade you from making the same.
Also keep in mind this is all coming from a man who is, once he is finished writing, about to go hang himself with a few letters stowed in his pockets. There is your grain of salt. 


There are those of you who are out there and may be in pain. There are those of you who are out there that may wallow in sorrow. This letter is not addressed for you; no it is addressed for all. You see every person, the depressed and content make the same mistake so please give me a moment and listen all the same. 


To start off I will give you my story. I am a simple 18 year old who instead of going off to college decided to take a “Gap Year.” 



A spent time working at a few local stores and taking the odd class here and there at a local college. Not a hard lifestyle in the least but I was trying to take some time to examine who I was as a human being. “Hell,” I thought “I hear people all the time trying to figure out who they really are why don’t I. I am sure it will be so easy.” 


Well as most thoughts that come out of the average teenage mind I was far from correct, at least in my situation. You see I am the kind of person who bottles up everything in their life and never let’s people in. Now I do not do it in the traditional sense where I bottle up and explode after a period of time. I took another route, lying. 


I am damn good at it too.


I was so good that I would convince everyone around me and even convince myself of these lies, or so I thought. The people around me had known I was a big liar but I had convinced myself I was the most suave guy alive. No one could touch me, and if they did I was only made stronger through it. The videogamer in me almost viewed it as experience. An amazing writer known as Charles C. Finn wrote a poem called “Please hear what I am not saying” which aptly describes the feeling in better words than I ever will be able to wield. Because of it all I was now alone. So I opened the Pandora’s box of my head and this weird magical demon had flown out and then a unicorn.


No, nothing like that happened. 


I simply discovered I was faking the steps of life and more importantly faking the emotions. That is not the scary part people. Oh no, the scary part is what comes up next. The climax lies in the fact of one damn woman who made me face myself. 


Leah.


A tall girl who had taught me about compassion, passion, and that human beings can feel empathy for each other. Someone who held the greatest outer beauty but only seemed insignificant for the caring she held for others. She had fallen in love with my best friend as I had fallen in love with her. 


That was the crux of my life. 


I had opened the Pandora’s box of my head and emotions flooded out. For the first time in my life I had to face things called anger, fear, pain, happiness, and love. I did not know what to do so I hid again. I could never really hide again though. I started to notice the honor and care that came from my best friend. I could only not pay attention to the love my mother held for me even though she kicked me out of the house. I never could run away again from the fact my father viewed me as a dollar sign. More importantly I had to deal with the love of the beauty I could never be with. 


I now a few months later have taken some time to think and have come to peace with myself. Sometime was spent in meditation and I know I have helped many in their lives but something else was need to be done before I left. 


I decided I should write a letter to all those whom have helped me in thanks. 


I am writing a letter to Zack my best friend, to Leah the one I loved, to my parents to know I appreciate all they have worked for, and to a man named Dan whom I had met in the park, and I am also writing a letter to you. I am here to say a few simple things.


Learn to love, do so often.


Learn to touch another, break that barrier, do so often.


Learn to hold onto another human being, do so often.



Learn to laugh, do so often.


Learn to cry, do so often.


Learn to be honest, do so often.


Learn to walk alone, do so often.


Learn to walk with friends, do so often.


Learn to speak honest, do so often.


Learn to speak with others, do so often.


Learn to listen, do so often.


Learn to listen to what people are telling you not just saying to you, do so often.


Learn to not simply say things but tell people, do so often. 


Learn to say hello to strangers, do so often.


Learn to overlook people’s flaws, do so often.


Learn to reminisce, do so often.


Learn to dance, do so often.


Learn to find like minded individuals, do so often. 


Learn to wear sunscreen.


If you follow these things, that would be great. No really, that would be cool, and your life will most likely become easier if not happier. 


But really…

…please never hide.


So as I sit here wrapping up my final letter I do not so out of sadness, or fear, or anger, or happiness, or love. I do so simply because I feel the need to do so. Please I must beg that I do not ever want this to be a sad message. I don’t want this to ever be a message of hope either. If you want some hope look for that inside yourself through the actions you take. No this is a message of acceptance and I simply want to pass on that I can not accept the fact that I never learned anything of importance in my life. 


So thank you, fine reader. Thank you for being apart of the internet that gave roots to sites like Redvsblue.com or Reddit.com. You are the kind of person that helped foster communities that help breed happiness and help care to those who are in need of it. You are the player of the games, you are the trolls of the forums, you are the voice of reason. You all are apart of a generational and cultural phenomenon that may last for generations to come. So thank you for being you.  


Regards,
Hunter


P.S. Really you should wear sunscreen. If I could offer you only but one tip for the future sunscreen would be it :]. 
"
"Obvious throwaway account, I'm a longtime lurker on Reddit and I don't want to use my main account as it easily links to my real life.

Reddit, things are bad. I should be happy; I'm married to a woman who loves me, and I have a daughter who means the world to me but right now all I can think about is how things would work out better if I wasn't here. Part of me just wants to run away somewhere very far away and try to be someone else; part of me wants to curl up and die right here.

I'm Bipolar II; I don't take any medication (cos none of it has worked for me), don't see any counsellors (same reason), and I manage my condition day by day by myself. I've been out of work for a few years now because I had a nervous breakdown, and now no one will hire me despite having a decent resumé and having been a volunteer for two years. My life is being made a misery by a bunch of local kids who have been verbally harassing me outside my house, throwing stuff at my place; at the windows and doors - not breaking them, but making me on edge enough that I'm jumpy all the time. My wife came home today with my daughter to find broken glass on our doorstep from where they'd been throwing empty liquor bottles at the door. We've been in touch with the police etc, but they seem powerless to do anything and I feel trapped; I can't afford to move and I can't do anything to make them stop without getting into trouble myself; something I cannot afford to do.

There is light at the end of my particular tunnel, but right now it seems to be an oncoming train. I don't think I'm going to do anything stupid but I need some help to get me through the next coupla hours. Thanks.

Edit:

Thanks for your help guys, it was a low day and I think I'm back out of the trough. Much love
"
"Hey reddit. I never thought I would be posting here, but look at me now.
I'm a 16 year old Canadian male, and quite frankly, there's no place for me in the world.

Everyone in life has a passion, something they like, something they enjoy. And then everyone has a job, which they enjoy to some degree aswell. and if not, a dream job. Everyone has something to look forward to.

Not me. I don't have anything I'm passionate about, or feel that I could be passionate about. They always ask me if I want to play hockey, go skiing, watch a movie, and I always refuse. People ask me what I do after school when I get home and I cant really answer that. I come home, and read or go on reddit or other media sites. I do this for lack of anything better to do. I also go on long, long walks down the endless roads of cornfields I live by. I program small things because it's purely logical thinking, and keeps my mind busy. I can only program things that have already been done, because I don't have an original thought in my head.

I've always been like this, since I was a kid and everyone asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, I've always told them I didn't know. You know when you're 5 years old and you wanted to be a firefighter? I never had that.

I can't see myself anywhere in the future. People can always atleast think of a category of somewhere to get into (ex business, mechanics, etc). I can't. I honestly can't. Not even a job where I can think ""hey, I could do that I guess"", there's nothing I can think of at all.

That's where my parents come in. My dad is no longer going to pay for college or university because of my indecisiveness. I'm not too hurt by it, because I didn't know what I was going to go to college for for anyway. I guess it just cuts off another road I could have taken. 

My best friend (before he died of a blood clot in his brain during the summer) said that I was still young, and that there was still hope for me. I somehow doubt there's something I'm not seeing.

I don't fit anywhere, and that's where I stand. 

I don't know why i am making this post.
I don't know what I'm looking for.
I just figured I would post here - this sounds so stupid, i sound like an attention whore. I don't know what else to say."
"I suppose it's not necessary to respond to this, but I need to talk to someone, and I trust no one.

I am never happy. I don't have any friends, everyone avoids me. I try to hang out with people all the time, they always make excuses not to. Not even good ones. Due to having a mental disorder and a physiological disorder I have decided to not have children, something that I have always wanted. I feel like a fake, everyone always thinks I am happy. I am so fucking lonely. To the point where it feels like it is choking me. Fuck, I don't even know what to say. I don't want sympathy or pity. I just want a shoulder to cry on. It's something I have not had in a very long time. I feel so pathetic. This was pointless, I will probably delete it in the morning. I am sorry if I wasted anyone's time. I just want to die. Always. I can't live like this anymore.  "
"This is obvs a throwaway acct, but nonetheless its all real. Ive been very, verry depressed for 10yrs now. I've cut myself only because to me, Pain is the only thing that is real. But, since i moved to Cali all those yrs ago, I've hated counselors (as a job n whatnot) only becuase i was forced to go to them and because of the devorce all those years ago, and all n all, they only just pretend to be your friend, only someone to tell the secrets too, and in the end they tell everything you told. But, that is just a personal feeling towards counselors. I have thoughts/feelings/plans of how my suicide will go. Its honestly always on my mind. I've only reddit'd for a few months now, only recently made an official account, but  i will post my story here in hopes of help and everything that entails."
"I've been reading a lot of poetry that's less than life affirming (Philip Larkin, WH Auden, Thomas Hardy etc...) and I feel desperately depressed. I don't believe in a God (I wish I still did) and so the prospect of death and of losing all consciousness is terrifying, I have no intention of embracing that final anesthetic. I don't want to commit suicide but I'm hoping to find something to comfort me in these depths of despair.How do you cope with the spectre of death? For a long time absurdism and the idea of creating your own purpose was of some comfort but now it just seems preposterous. It doesn't matter what I do, I can't avoid obsessing over death and how it strips away everything that means anything. "
"Hi Reddit. I've been a fan of this site (and SuicideWatch) for years now, but have not been active for a while now, mainly due to the time it was taking up and the fact that every second homepage link was about someone's cat.  Anyway, I felt it would help me if I shared my story with this community.  Be warned, it's long, but it's important to me to write (I love to write).

I've been depressed on-off for a year now.  It had never been bad enough (I thought) to warrant me to see my doctor about it, but things have happened over the year that really damaged my sense of self-worth.

I don't have a bad life, but I'm going through a bad time right now.  I'm a medical student (aiming to specialise in psychiatry) entering my final year.  We had exams a few weeks ago, which I put in almost 300 hours of study for.  I passed with a good mark, but in the midst of everyone's post-exam euphoria I actually spiralled downwards.

Maybe it was the weight of thinking about how I could possibly survive my final year (and final exams), or the fact that I realised that during my 2 weeks of holidays, I only had a tiny handful of friends care enough to get in touch with me.

It seems, unfortunately, that when you're not on Facebook, people do actually forget about you.  Those few that hadn't, however, have been phenomenal.

The fact that I am awful with relationships is also heavy on my mind.  Most of my friends are girls, but actual girlfriends are extremely rare.  My self-esteem has never been very good, and in a large way I've not had a lot of opportunities to meet people.  There was one a month ago that I met while away on a rural rotation.  We hit it off amazingly, and even went out on a sort-of-date, but she was already in a relationship.  That feels like the most bullshit thing in the world because, well, what can you do?

I feel I don't have any supports at all.  I live away from home in a different city, with few actual friends that I've maintained.  My sister, who I love, is away overseas.  My family is split and there are a lot of issues there.  And, the uni faculty is notorious for being incredibly discompassionate and incompetent at taking care of its students in an academic way.  They emailed me yesterday because don't have (they lost) some important mark-sheets that I handed in June, and do I have copies?  (Fuck no I do not, but can't they do their jobs properly?)

I need to survive through this course for another year and then I'm out working.  But I have no idea what that will mean?  New interns don't have an easy life, and it'll still be a few years before I can pursue a specialty I enjoy (or hope to enjoy, because who knows how burnt out I'll be by then).  These seem like very tentative years that I don't like to think about.

Luckily, I know I can get better.  I've started antidepressants and psychology, so please don't worry about me too much.  I am not at risk, I just wanted to put words on paper so I can collect these issues and share them with you.  Due to what I'm going through, I'd like to stick around and talk to others as well.

Thanks for reading,"
"I don't think my sob story is any more sad or worth your time than anyone elses, but I am literally terrified of some of the things that go's through my head.  I apologize if this is longwinded and if I come off as a whiney cry baby.  I'm not very good about expressing myself this way.

I'd like to start off by explaining the past few years of my life.  My dad was the glue that held my family together.  My mom and dad were inseperable, they represented a relationship between two people who truely loved each other. For my 2 brothers and I, he was literally our best friend.  He was funny, helpful and a beacon of light.  He was good provider for our family and always tried to make us happy.  He always encouraged us to think for ourselves, he never forced religion on us and he never forced us into a certain field when we went to college.  He simply told us to do what we enjoyed.  

When I was 15 my dad had a stroke that left him in a wheelchair.  As cliche as it sounds, it was like watching Superman lose his powers.  About a year later he had another stroke.  Soon after that, we found out he had a heart condition(sorry, I'm not too sure what it was, as the youngest member of the family, my family always tried to keep me in the dark to protect me).  My dad started taking a lot of medicine and I remember after graduating high school, my dad became really sick.  His skin started turning yellow, the whites of his eyes started turning yellow and we took him to the hospital.  It turns out there was an obstruction causing him to jaundice.  We soon after found out that it was pancreatic cancer and there was nothing we could do.  According to his doctors, the medication he's been taking may have been responsible.

We lost him in November and my family fell apart.  My oldest brother pretty much abanonded us and my mom became almost clinicly insane.  I dropped out of college to get a job as a telemarketer to help with the bills and my other brother got a job selling cars.  We reached stability and managed to pay off my mom and dads credit card bills, we payed off 2 mortgages and started handling the taxes.  My mom stayed home everyday and spent almost everyday crying.  She refused to leave the house and she was convinced she was sick.  We brought her to the hospital on several occassions because of her paranoia only to find that she was in fact the healthiest person in our family.  She would stay home and look out of windows, and when I would come home she would ask me if there were anyone sitting in the car that was parked across the street, or if the helicopter that flew our house was spying on us.  We lived near an airport so helicopters are a common occurrence for us.  Anytime I brought a friend to our house that wasn't of Indian decent(my family is Indian) my mom would freak out and yell at me when they left.  She would tell me that she doesn't trust people who aren't Indian.

We soon managed to convince my mom to see a phsychiatrist.  The doc gave her some medication and she became a lot better.  She started enjoying life again and spending time with friends.  Needless to say, we were happy to see her get better and start enjoying the rest of her life.  My oldest brother eventually stopped acting selfish and came home.  I forgave him but unfortunately my other brother refuses to, which I completely understand.

Our family has reached a point of stability and my brother is putting me through college.  I am 21 years old now and I am a second year computer science student.  The problem is though, this entire time I've been quite sad myself.  I literally contemplate suicide every day.  Among my friends and family, I've become the ""sad clown.""(shameless Sopranos reference)  At social events or family gatherings I try and act as happy as I possibly can to project some sense of happiness in our family.  Literally nobody in my life knows that what I'm really thinking about is how easy it would be for me to take that one extra step off the edge and end it all.  

I wake up and look out the window and think to myself that life is passing me by.  The things that prevent me from doing anything at all is the affect it would have on my family and how selfish it would be to put them through something like that.  At this point, I'm stuck in a rut.  I never really study for classes, I avoid going out as much as possible and sleep on the couch for most of the day.  I love computer science and I really want to pursue a career in the field, but I constantly feel like I'm far too behind in my courses and any effort to learn material for my classes is too much work.  This semester, I've missed the majority of classes this semester simply because I didn't want to get up and go.  I would never tell my family about how I feel because I'm terrified of putting my mother in a position where she spirals out of control again. 

I feel like I need someone to talk to and get this stuff off my chest, like a psychiatrist of something, but I'm afraid of anyone knowing that I'm visiting a psychiatrist or of any costs(I don't think my health insurance would cover it).  Who knows, maybe I just need some medication like my mom to get better.  I constantly just sit here and know that I'm making mistakes in my life but I can't stop myself from doing anything about it.  Whether its dropping classes, eating junk food, passing on hanging out with friends or studying.  I just can't bring myself to do anything anymore.  I feel absolutely devoid of any energy and I so badly want to stop fucking my life up.  The things that have literally stopped me at times are 3 albums from Streetlight Manifesto and the encouraging words from a good friend, ""Its never that bad.""  

tldr; well after typing all this out, I feel so completely hopeless and I think I'm completely screwed at this point."
"I was suicidal throughout my teenage years.  I destroyed myself and squandered every opportunity.  I tried to get help.  I talked to my family, which was an hilarious farce of feigned emotion and scorn.  ""How could you!?""  Really they were just angry with me for making them feel like they had failed, thinking that my worries were faked or something.

Then came the hospitalization.  I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  I didn't want to take the medication.  Mania feels so delicious, I didn't think twice about storming out of the psychiatrist's.  At least, not until it was too late.

I got better, I guess.  My life started to turn around.  My interpersonal relationships improved marginally, some folks started to see me as an under-recognized talent.  I thought; ""maybe there's something here for you yet, pal?""

Then reality hit me.

I have never made any effort to plan for my future because I never intended to have one.  I promised myself nothing and I have delivered as ordered.

I have no escape route, no yellow brick road, no safety net, no ejector seat, no sextant on the open seas.  I am lost and hopeless because I have never helped myself - why would I?  I hate the fucker.

Now all that optimism and hope is dashed and I find myself where I was years ago, thinking about which roof would be the most enjoyable to leap from.  Except this time I'm on the depressive side of the spectrum, and there's no mania keeping me going.

What can I do?  I have no skills worth mentioning, no friends, no money, no property, no ... life.  Why not just end it?

Damned if I do, damned if I don't."
"Sp here is the thing I am so sick of trying anymore my life just doesn't seem like it is worth surviving anymore.  I grew up in the foster care system while my dad was in prison and while I am now 22 I feel worse than ever I dont know how to be in a relationship, they scare the shit out of me to be honest and so I dont have many friends I go through the motions of making it but it seems like the harder I try to be a good person the worse things get.  I guess at this point I am just rambling and wanted to share with someone even if this is the internet and most people dont actually care anyways. "
"I'm currently in the process of killing myself. I have chosen hypothermia as my method. It will drop to -20 as the night goes by. It is a shit awful way to go, but what method isn't?

I'm feeling sad right now. I decided to spend my last day on earth at one of my most  favorite places, the local university library. School was in and so there were a lot of people there. I was surprised at the number of good looking women there. Normally the populations I see are pretty homely.

I discovered a bunch of cool books there. One's Grammatical Man, which is a popular account of how information theory applies in describing people. I found Proofs and Types. I found a whole bunch of programming (as in math, optimization, not programming a computer). I read the introductory parts of a dynamic programming book and a geometric programming book. They were cool. I also read one on gravitational waves but it was kind of boring because it was one of those popular books that have too much history and not enough introducing me to the math.

So now I'm feeling sad because even though I'm not bright I am tenacious. I could have spent my life working at the metfab shop and spending my free time at the library.

But it is not to be. I can't cope anymore. I quit a job because they were going  to fire me for being late all the time. I can't get up in the mornings. I barely eat. Drugs and wanking  have lost their appeal. Life is just so tiresome.

Even though I feel sad, I feel that I am making the right decision. I can't get through life without  the support and forgiveness of all the people around me and that is in short supply.

I'm not asking for help. I'm just saying goodbye to the closest I have to  friends. I wish I were stronger."
"I'd really appreciate anyone who has a few minutes to comment:


From the time I was in junior high school I really devoted myself to working hard. Ridiculously hard. I've lost whole groups of friends, potential girlfriends and put myself socially quite far behind my peers just to succeed academically. The thought of future success coupled with the idea of making my parents proud drove me.

For a long time this worked out. I've always been an above average student. I did amazingly well in high school, got into a great university, and currently have a tremendous gpa coupled with extensive research and even a corporate internship. All the while I went out occasionally with friends, managed some hook-ups and participated in a varsity, intercollegiate sport.

Then I met the one. The girl who everything just seems right with - the person who you trust beyond anyone else. Long story short: quite a while after we got together, she cheated on me and left. Right as this was falling apart, my best friend passed away. I fell into quite a depression. I forced myself to keep working out and to keep my grades up. While I was crushed and barely capable of leaving my room, my will to succeed academically (and shit tons of whiskey) helped push me through...

Fast forward a year. This semester I applied to ~100 jobs and received about 15 interviews at extremely well respected companies. All of the positions were high paying with full benefits and lots of room for future promotion. Outcome? Zero offers. This has utterly demolished me.

I feel a lot like Dexter right now. Emotionless. Removed from life. The one driving force in my life - my will to succeed academically - has been lost. What's the point in working anymore if I can't get a job? My whole life I was delusional: If I worked my ass off, got good grades, conducted outside research, joined a sports team and got an internship, I was guaranteed to get an amazing job upon graduation. Coupled with this, every relationship I've attempted since last year just falls apart. I'm more than capable of putting on a poker face to look happy and confident to draw girls in, but I quickly lose interest. No one just seems as perfect as that last gf...

So here I am. A jobless, emotionally vacant college student whose only single friends are named Jack Daniels and Mary Jane. I just feel so empty every day. Nothing I try seems to fill the vacancy...I'm just about at the point where I just want to end it. "
"I've resolved myself to suicide. Not today, probably not tomorrow, but one day soon. I think about it everyday, many times a day. It is a soothing thought to me - the knowledge that I can end it all.

My life is a series of bad decisions and mistakes. I have nothing to offer anyone. I'm broke and miserable and a burden to everyone around me. I am 25 years old, morbidly obese, ugly, $80,000+ in debt and I am completely fucking useless.

I have no job and no prospects. I have two college degrees that are completely useless and a waste of time and money because I never did anything to build a resume. I graduated law school in May and passed the bar in July. Literally hundreds of job applications later and I have had one interview. I am completely out of money and have nowhere to go. My family cannot help me, and they shouldn't have to because I'm an adult and should be able to handle my own shit, so I am maxing out credit cards to just survive.

I have no friends. I try to reach out to people I know and no one returns calls or messages. My ""best friend"" in NY never talks to me - I've sent her multiple cards and letters and texts and calls and the last time I heard from her was 3 months ago.

I feel terribly alone and useless. I'm miserable and fat and disgusting. I just want everything to end. I just want to disappear. I wish I had never existed."
"One year ago I made my first submission in here, under a different account of course. Things haven't changed. They just go up and down.

I know all the answers you'll give. I know all the suggestions. I know what I'm supposed to do. 

It's just that I truly have no will anymore. I truly just don't want to. I want out. And this is not even an urge, this is not even an act of desperation. This is me accepting the fact that this life doesn't match my expectations (tl;dr my parents had a couple of successful business when I was young, suddenly I was 18 and my parents and I had nothing left and my brother/sisters partly washed their hands from everything).

My life doesn't match the expectations I had, and there is simply no easy way to fix that. The effort I would have to make to get everything I lost is just too big, and too risky. On top of that, my self esteem is trashed and for good reason. I'm an ugly fuck. I'm 21 and I look 15 tops. I'm not what a man is supposed to look like. Especially when he cries himself to sleep. I hate my job and I've been slacking (sort of) for the past two months and it's like nobody cares. Suddenly, I begin to stress over the huge amount of work I've been accumulating and in turn I feel worse and worse every day. And every job I could get right now would be worse than this. And there still more than a year until I finally get my B.S in Computer Engineering even though I should be graduated by now. But I cannot keep up with 5 or 6 subjects per period plus having to work. And school payments are way too fucking high. And this Saturday on my sister's wedding every fucking body will be asking me ""When are you graduating?, How's work?, How come you don't have a girlfriend yet?""

But forget this, I'm just ranting. Nobody cares about my stupid problems. All my live I've been alone. And the only moment I feel *something* is at night when I'm watching porn because deep inside I know this is the closest I'll ever be to someone else. And truth to be told... it doesn't feel as good as it used to.

[intermission] All my life I waited for someone to save me. My manic pixie dream girl. the one that would take me out of this abyss. 

I feel tired and I want to sleep all the time. But... past all this... and I don't feel despair, I don't feel anything. I just feel like, I've consciously made the decision that this I dislike the direction I'm going and going somewhere is impossible or next to impossible. Every change, even the smallest detail, requires money I don't have. And I just to have everything... 10 years ago. 

So. It's over. I don't even know why I'm posting this. I'm not going to kill myself tonight, or tomorrow or next week. But I'm planning things out. I've selected a location (a clichéd one to be honest), I just need to give my doggy the best hair cut ever. I wonder if he'll miss me. Fill the fridge for my parents. Pay the next 6 months or so in bills. Make a list of possessions and who will take them. I don't think my life insurance (issued by my credit card company which I still owe quite something) covers anything, and certainly wont cover suicide. But my 3 year old pension (hahaha) will have to go to someone, even though it's not much.



Listen, I don't know why I'm here. I guess I really needed to let somebody know. I already know the basics. Hit the gym, see a therapist. I can't. It's either money or a shitty schedule that won't let me. I live in shitty country. AFAIK this socialized medicine regime doesn't cover this kind of issues (they'll just send me to a mental hospital) I tried going out jogging but social anxiety quickly caught up on me. And the only difference is that I felt good for a couple of days only to come crashing down again. I'm damaged. From birth. I don't have whatever people have that makes them feel alive. That something that makes them smile when they wake up. That something that makes them want to keep up. Will. That gene is missing on me. 

I just wished I could tell my family ""Hey, let me go. I'm not happy. I'm seriously not happy at all. I feel miserable. I die, but the world turns around. There are millions out there. In a rock that is among an infinite amount of stars. On a timeline that you will never even begin to comprehend. I'm insignificant. It really doesn't matter"".

(and I'm just warming up)
"
"Alright, so, I tried to slice my left femoral artery.  I had it quasi- planned about a month and a half prior, but then there were several breaking points that caused me to actually go through with it.  I was found in the bathtub by the Portland police (my texts were too... obvious, I guess).

Anyway, the story behind it doesn't matter.  What matters is that I'm being kicked out of my house by my roommates (they attempted to kick me out three months ago after I voluntarily placed myself inpatient after a breakdown) so I'm staying up with my parents north of Seattle.

So... I'm safe.  But these are the issues:

* I'm homeless

* I haven't a job anymore because my anxiety issues were causing me to faint

* Because of this, I have little savings to find a new place in a metro area

* I've been inpatient three times, which is the amount covered by the life of the insurance

* My insurance won't cover intensive outpatient anymore

* I'm away from my support system, and my parents fluctuate between treating me with kid gloves or screaming

* I'm young, so I'm nearly guaranteed to be denied disability.  I had attempted twice prior for a physical issue, but was denied both times.

What is there out there in terms of supplemental income?  I've got to get out of Washington and back home before I start really freaking my parents out by screaming and breaking things, which is *way* out of character for me.  I'm typically demure and gentle, but all I have anymore is sadness and rage.

If it helps, I'm a 24 yr old female with diagnosed major depressive disorder, ptsd, and adhd predominantly inattentive.  I have a primary psychiatrist and GP in Portland and up here.

I honestly wish it had worked."
"I can't eat. At all. Not even a few bites of chicken. It hurts so much after. I stopped eating. It feels better, though still hurts. Tried contacting my doc, I think I have anemia as well but he hasn't responded. 4 days. Gotta get a new one tomorrow and hope for some test. I was 196 around last year. Today im 146. And going faster. If I go under 140 ill go to ER. It hurts. Im not scared to die. Im scared of dying, in pain. "
"I am 21 years old and in college.  My life has been extremely wonderful; two awesome parents who have paid for my college completely so far, an awesome brother, a huge house, an amazing childhood.  None of that matters, apparently, because I am not happy.  I should be, but I cannot seem to appreciate anything in my life.

I'm tired of pretending I don't have suicidal thoughts.  Whether or not I would actually follow through is a different story, though.

All I know is that I want to die. 

* I am tired of dealing with *emotions.*  I want to be numb.  I don't ever want to feel happy or sad ever again. 

* I am tired of having a lot and not being able to appreciate anything.  

* I am tired of the ever lasting feeling of wanting more

* I am tired of feeling stressed out

* I am tired of having to feel like I have to live up to certain expectations.  I never, ever fullfill the requirements.

* I am tired of myself.  I cannot stand to be inside my head anymore.  I have tried countless times to like myself.  

* I am tired of faking my happiness.

* I am tired of having low self-esteem.  I know I shouldn't.  I recognize my talents, but the fact that I cannot live up to my own requirements makes my achievements mean **absolutely nothing.**

* I am tired of having friends that I cannot trust.  I am actually just tired of feeling the need to be around people.

* I am tired of thinking about myself

* I cannot forgive myself for the mistakes that I have made in the past year.

* **I am just fucking tired of everything that is involved with living.**

Last night I laid in bed thinking about different ways to die.  At one point I seriously considered getting up and throwing myself down my stairs in hopes of breaking my neck. 

The part that makes me not want to live anymore is the realization that I might have another 50 to 60 years of this.  I feel like I can't do much more than a few more months feeling this way.

I have no idea what to do.  I have already tried therapy, and it hasn't helped.

I just want some direction.

Edit: I suppose I should also mention I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease 4 years ago.  I have heard that depression is often correlated with the disease, but I have no idea how.  I typically don't spend much time thinking about it, though.  Most of the time I forget that I have it.


"
"I emptied what was left of a bottle of Trazodone-- My family knows about it, due to some of the rather unpleasant side-effects I ended up experiencing. 

I didn't go to a hospital-- but they took me to a treatment center today. They asked me a lot of questions, but my mum was right there--so I don't think I answered all of them truthfully. I wasn't admitted into the center because I answered ""No"" when asked if I wanted to kill myself at that moment. Now i'm stuck biding my time, waiting for an appointment with a therapist on Monday.

I am expected to attend school until then--but I don't know if I can bring myself to do it. You think it would make sense for a person to choose the path of least resistance, but I--- I don't even care any more. I haven't cared in a long time. 

Please help. "
"I've been unhappy for almost all of my life. The only thing I have left is my new daughter. I have an autoimmune disorder that leaves me almost incapable of living daily life. I have a 9mm in my nightstand every night and it looks awfully tempting.

I wish I could go away without leaving a million shattered pieces behind."
"http://web.mac.com/katebornstein/iWeb/Hello_Cruel_World/Goodies_files/HCW_Lite_101.pdf

I haven't read it, but it seems like a cute book written by a good-hearted lady. "
"I'm not quite suicidal yet. Just ideation at the minute. I'm on meds, I see my doctor regularly. I've done CBT, I can't be bothered to try some long therapy again.

I've tried religion, I've really embraced Buddhism, I've dabbled in Christianity.

I tried the 12 Steps (Just because, not for any addiction)

I just don't feel up to life anymore. And for years and years I've been convinced that while it might not be today or tomorrow, eventually I won't be able to just live with my parents anymore, I won't be able to leech of anyone, and I'll just kill myself.

I don't want encouragement. It's appreciated, but it won't make me feel better because I've very good at telling myself how little it's meant. And it won't make the day-to-day living any easier.

And that's what I'm looking for. Please help me get by without feeling like it's such a fight.

I know life is worth living, la di da, but that kind of thing is not going to make me feel better, because although I tell myself that, I don't really feel it. "
"Hi guys, throw away account here, just looking for some advice here. 
I've known my exfiance for about 14 years of my life and we've been dating for half of that, engaged for the past year. I've known he's been battling depression about 8 years ago, but after 2 suicide attempted, he got help and everything seems to have been ok since. But since we broke off the engagement, he's been so closed off, and whenever we speak, it's with increased irritability, indifference, and I know he's suffering from insomnia again. 

We were supposed to move to the east coast together, and he just told me the other day he doesn't feel well and thinks that by the time we were supposed to move, he won't be around to go with me. He admits that he thinks some of the symptoms seem to have resurfaced and I don't know what to do. 

Any advice would help, thank you! "
"My physical gender is male. I find interaction with most other humans... awful. People bully me at school and I cry. A lot. I'm crying as I write this on my phone. I hide everything when I go back to home, nit wanting to let my parents know.

My left arm is hurting as someone punched me 40 minutes or so ago. Yes, it still hurts. I hate how females can just report it and get the offender in jail or something. I can't because of my physical gender.

I spend my free time reading reddit, play games, and creating games. I hate how if I get to a conversation with someone in real life, I have to dumb down myself. 

I have no friends in real life. I hate school. I hate the gender-defined school uniforms. I cry on the insides every time someone says 'man up'. I don't want to see my parents anymore. "
"I'm 28 years old. I've been mentally ill since  I was a teenager. The illness drove me into a lot of places I didn't want to be. I saw things, did things, had things done to me that I wish I could wipe from my mind. And I'm sitting here trying to resist the voices telling me to just off myself already.

I'm switching meds. The doctor told me it could get bad, that paxil was one of the roughest to go off of. They didn't tell me about the impulses. Its not thought out suicide, its have a passing thought and be halfway to the office to get your gun before you realize what you're doing.I had to lock everything in a safe and leave it with my cousin before I could feel comfortable that I wouldn't do anything stupid.

Its hard. I didn't know it would be so hard. And I'm looking for help not knowing what sort of  help I need. "
"I'm a freshman in college and I suffer from a nervous system disorder called RSD. Its essentially chronic pain with other symptoms and I've had it for a year and a bit. It affects my right foot so I am always on crutches. I've been getting nerve blocks that give temporary relief, the average has been 2 months but the last two haven't worked. 

I don't want to live my whole life in crippling pain or under the influence of heavy medication. It's not really living if you can't think.

I don't know what to do."
"I posted this in another thread but lately I have been feeling more and more depressed and now I have started to think of suicide again so I figured I should post in here.

I hate my life. Every day I wish I would just stop breathing and die so that it can end. I am sure that I am transgendered and have a form for CAMH (which isn't a place I really want to go to first for therapy but its the place the doctor sent the recommendation to) but i haven't filled it out since Toronto is about an hours drive away so I have no way of getting there since I don't drive. My mom knows about this however I think she is kind of opposed to me becoming a girl. I want to change my image so that I look more girly but I am not sure how to go about that, I want a girlish looking hairstyle also but. Every day I wish I were born a girl and wish I would die and I don't know what to do anymore."
"I am a 45-year-old man, a father of one child. I am not suicidal. I have dealt with deep depression for most of my life (30+ years), and I have definitely thought from time to time that leaving this planet would make the most sense for me. But I have never attempted to kill myself or even made a plan.

Here's my question: Does life seem as absurd to everyone else as it does to me? The people around me at work seem perfectly happy to wake up, work, generate cash, go home, sleep, and do the whole thing over the next day. For me, it is absolutely ridiculous. Am I really on this planet only as a cash cow? Am I here to work myself silly and feel grateful when I get a day off here or there?

Is life really meant to be nasty, brutish, and short--and absurd? 

I will appreciate any and all responses to this question that has haunted me for a long time. Thanks.

**Edit**: Thank you for the responses so far. I genuinely appreciate it. To answer one question, I finally found antidepressants in 1995. I have been on them ever since, and they have definitely helped. However, sometimes the depression is able to break through even the veil of medication, when it takes me over for a while. "
"My boring history goes like this:

* Depressed.
* GP prescribed me citalopram, then fluoxetine, then paroxteine.
* Tried lots of alcohol. Tried quiting too.
* Tried exercising everyday.
* Got put under the mental health act which meant escorted to a high security hospital ward by a guy in a stab proof vest and had someone watch over me as I slept.
* Got put on venlafaxine.
* Eventually got trusted and moved to low security ward.
* Got freed today.

Now you can't say I didn't try to get better. I don't want to write out a will for after I die. Just want the right to die now. I have never attempted before, and I think I am capable of being successful first time, but honestly: people still try to make it quite a job to do so. My mum threw out my over dose stash the day I got taken to the mental hospital.

Why is it that I have to move to another country for the simple right of euthanasia? It's a slight bit of work but still easily possible to end it here."
"I have no friends that I really like and I hate my job. Wants to kill self, consider it every other day. I read a lot. Doesn't help either. "
"going to get another F on my homework today (desperately working on it now).  then i have 2 near-impossible projects to hand in for one class and a take-home and inclass final for the other class.  i need a certain gpa to stay in my master's program.  i thought i could do it, now it's looking less likely.
as far as i see it, i can kill myself now before i fail out.  or i can kill myself after i fail out, when i have nothing.  i just want to cry.

this time my OD of choice will most likely be lamictal."
"I am thinking about killing myself. I've disappointed so many people. I don't fit in. I can't concentrate on my work. I can't find enjoyment in anything I do. Every year I hit new lows. I've been very depressed since I was 17 and I am now 26. 

I am in graduate school and I can't keep up with my work in this state of mind. I've done next to nothing for a year. I've had the degrading experience of having to let my superiors know that I have a depression problem in order for them to not hate me for what appears to be laziness. First I said I was quitting the phd program. Then I said I wanted to stay. I'm frustrating them enough. The general piece of advice I read is to simply take things slow. What if I don't have that luxury anymore because I've tested everyone's patience enough already?

All I do is consume resources and contribute nothing because I am always depressed and lacking motivation. I've tried meds, therapy, sports, gym, eating healthy. All have temporary effects that lose steam very quickly. Before I know it, I have to confront my true self again. Of course. What the fuck did I expect? 

I hate everyone and envy everyone at the same time. People always say ""just live life and see what happens. we all die anyway."" I think that shows a lot of ignorance. Sure, a lot of fortuitous things can happen in life, but why keep struggling for the off chance that something will good will happen? I've given my life countless shots, and I'm tired of having hope and then finding disappointment. 

I can't live just because family and friends will be hurt if I kill myself. Ultimately, the strong will survive and the weak will die off. If you are strong enough to accept my death, you'll make it. If not, then kill yourself too. There's no point in wallowing in a shithole because you're concerned about what someone else will think if you depart. Fuck this shit.  "
"I've been thinking about it for a long time. I contemplate ending my life on a daily basis, I don't know if I could do it. I certainly haven't been able too so far. But I'm just tired of being alive. I can't find a fucking job so I just go to bed at 3 am and sleep until 1pm. Soon I'm sure I will have outstayed my welcome in my parents house, and when that day comes I don't know what I'll do.

I can't flush the morphine or throw it away because I have a disease that causes chronic pain so without any pain killers at all I **WILL** kill myself. 



**EDIT:** Thanks reddit I think I'm alright for a while. "
"This past year has been the worst of my life. I'm a male in my younger twenties. Two years ago things were going great for me. I was doing what I wanted to do for a living, making decent money for my age and just able to enjoy life. Of course good things cant last forever and the economy left me jobless.

The next years consisted of me working bottom of the barrel jobs to scrap by. Finally found my way into a decent job to only be laid off again almost a year ago. At this point my depression and anxiety has hit rock bottom and I can't even bring myself to keep working these shit jobs.

During that time the only thing that kept me going was my girlfriend at the time. She is the only person I have ever loved and cared about. She stayed with me through thick and thin. She broke up with me three months ago. I honestly don't even know why we broke. We were both just in a bad place and called it quits.

I about a month and a half after we broke up I didn't think I could do it anymore. I couldn't stand feeling like this. I found myself at her door crying, pleading for some sort of help. I was out of control, I had never felt this bad before, I didn't know how to handle myself. The night ended with her calling the cops for my own safety. I spent the night in a crisis center. A day or two following I found myself slapped with an order of protection against her.

Initially, I was okay for a while. I felt like I was finally getting an opportunity for things to get better. I've had untreated depression my whole life. I imagined the possibility of going to day to day without this feeling dragging me down.

That was great until I actually sought treatment. The realization of how convoluted the system is slowly brought me back down. It's been weeks since I've tried to get help and the soonest a psychiatrist can see me isn't until January. I have a meeting with a counselor next week, but am not particularly expecting great result from that.

Simply put, I don't know if I can make it. Everyday this past month has been more and more of a struggle for me. I'm not sure how much longer I'm going to be able to hang in there. Especially now that the school semester is over, I have nothing but time to dwell in my thoughts. My brain is my enemy. I just want it to stop. I don't want to exist anymore. "
"I'm at an all time low in my life.

I'm going through a divorce - which is hard enough on its own, but we have kids that I am now only seeing a couple days a week.  I'm broke as fuck - we were in a lease that is very expensive to get out of (more than I have by a LONG shot); and, now that my wife has moved out, I cannot afford to stay, either.  I work for a company whose mission and goals leave me feeling very empty; and, that's topped by the fact that I believe (not too surprisingly) that I'm underpaid for what I contribute but the company is just SO big (like 25,000 employees) that it's strictly luck of the draw if you end up with a boss who'll act as your advocate.  My car is on the verge of dying and I just don't have the means to get a new one - any payment is out of the question until I can get out of my apartment - much less spend $1000 to get it fixed.  

I'm an addict - I'll steal pills (from anyone) given the chance, if I have something ""innocuous"" like weed I smoke it like it could stolen until it's gone, and I can put back a 12 pack of beer on a weeknight without flinching.  I've been pill free for a few months and just don't have the money for weed or alcohol, so I've been clean from them for a couple weeks.  But being clean and fiending for escape is taking its toll on my mental health - which is ironic, considering it's the only thing I've felt good about in a while.

My older brother (who was a bi-polar alcoholic) killed himself about 10 years ago.  I don't *think* I actually entertain thoughts of killing myself but I know I spend more and more and more time each day contemplating death.  It's not so much that I want to die, but I'm just having such a hard time living.  I'm so tired of the stress and letting people down and the things I do don't even make me happy anymore.

I've spent my whole life not living up to expectations - mine or my family's.  I've burned many bridges - both friends and family, my parents' generation on both sides and I don't speak - and if I lose my home, I don't know where I would go.

On one hand, I KNOW my kids' life will not be better off without me.  I love them more than anything and I really am a very good father.  However, I feel like such a failure that I have a hard time imagining what positive influence I'll really have on them.  I have few friends left and I only speak to my family on holidays.

Is it common for people to visualize dying - as opposed to killing themselves?  How do I get out of this funk before I start really considering killing myself?"
"Well, I made a massive wall of text for this, but it went way over the word limit I suppose, so I uploaded it all onto some text hosting website, I hope that's okay.

http://freetexthost.com/xwyjfspemq

I'm really really sorry if this is the wrong place or the wrong way of going about things, but I feel that maybe somebody here could help me."
"So, its almost christmas break and I graduate college in may.  I hate christmas break, because it means I have to go back to my parents house for 3 weeks.  We fight constantly.  In fact, I think one of them enjoys it.  For example, out of nowhere on the phone, I got the threat ""you're welcome to stay here after graduation, but you have to follow our rules.  You can't be..."" whatever else she said.  She says this when its totally off topic.  Yeah, I really want to stay with you now after my past experiences with you and your already preparing to torture me if I come back.

Next, I basically have one friend in the world, and I don't know if she is one really anymore.  We used to be gf/bf but agreed to become friends again (mutual decision).  Anyways, its been a month since we hung out (before then, we hung out weekly).  I thought today would be good before the break to hang out again.  We agree to hang out at night late because she had to do stuff at work earlier that night.  Turns out she calls me from a bowling alley (at that time she was supposedly suppose to do work) with her new bf.  I'm like wtf.  I basically tell her not to come over after that.  If this was a one time thing, I would have probably let it go, but it wasn't.  She is either constantly late, falls asleep when we are suppose to hang out, or just does something annoying when we hang out.  Yes, there are good times, but most involve one of the above.  Maybe if that didn't go on, I wouldn't care.  But, IDK, I felt not very happy with what happened tonight.

Last, I am graduating in May and have no idea what I'm going to do.  Living with my parents isn't an option (it is for them, but not for me), but I have no idea what to do.  I want to go into management or marketing (I have a psych BS and business minor).  I know how to apply, but I feel dead.  I don't feel like I can even attempt it.  I would join the military, but thanks to the meds I'm on, that isn't an option.  And what I find wonderful is the military is probably partly the cause of me being on these meds.  I was a military brat and have moved every two years of my ENTIRE LIFE.  Literally.  Even in college, I transferred midway through.  Combine that with a turbulent household and, yeah, wonderful combo.  The meds are really only for social anxiety though.  I can function fine, but I wanted to make an attempt to meet new people and thought I could use the help.

This is probably really long.  I figured I would write though as I thought about suicide today.  And I don't know what I'm exactly looking for.  Maybe help.

TL;DR:  I have to go back to my parents for 3 weeks (christmas break).  We fight all the time.  My one friend in the world pissed me off tonight and I blew her off.  Its the last time we could hang out before break.  Last, I have no idea what I will be doing in May and living with my parents isn't an option.  "
"I feel like my life is worthless and I have no options. 

I just turned 40 this year. For the past several years I have been unemployed, living with an elderly relative (who has dementia) as their caretaker. They're close to the end, and I don't know what to do. In the back of my mind, I've been picturing jumping off a bridge after she passes.

I've given all of my 30s towards caring for her. I feel like I've let my chance to have a family of my own just slip out of my fingers. I've let myself go, physically, to the point where I can't bear to look at myself in the mirror. 

I feel like I have no options. I haven't worked for years. I've withdrawn from all my former friends and contacts. I have a mountain of student loan debt (hello, useless master's!) and no prospect for paying it off anytime soon.

I am terrified of being homeless. I have no health insurance.

I am deeply depressed, and no one in my life knows how to respond. I get a lot of ""Things could be worse! You could live in some war torn land or something!"" 

I dream about the bridge, sometimes. "
"I know this is bound to be controversial but some nights just seem *SOOO* MUCH WORSE than the others. Tonight was almost unbearable. Is there anything I can take that will make me feel better for just a few hours?

Ive tried alcohol (or liquid happiness as I like to call it) but I feel way more depressed once the buzz wears off so I stay away from it.

How harmful is Nyquil? I would just take enough to get me to bed early or something."
"Two weeks ago I met a girl at a small get-together at a friends house.  Our boyfriends were talking shop, and we hit it off, chatting for a couple hours.  She had the most vibrant, cheerful spirit of anyone I've met in ages.  This girl radiated happiness and positive energy, but not in an affected way -- she was truly genuine.  She drew my introverted self out and made me feel comfortable in a group of people I didn't know very well.  She told me to find her on facebook so we could swap recipes, etc.  I've been super busy with work the last couple weeks and didn't follow up. 

Today my boyfriend found out that she hung herself 3 days ago.  There was no note.  Everyone is stunned.

Whether you know it or not, people care about you.  Even if it's someone you just chatted with for a bit at the store, a party, school, whatever.  You mean something to someone.  You've touched somebody's life.  Don't just check out."
"I spent the last two days trying to freeze myself. Unfortunately for me we had a brief warm spell. Today  it ended and fuck was it cold. I came back and begged my mom to let me come back home. She did but she is very angry with me.

I will talk more later. I'm freezing and very,very tired.  Just wanted to minimize any worry."
"i guess i'm only writing this on reddit because i know someone will read it. i've been messed up for a long time now and i had another intake at another psychology center again this morning. the only thing i took away from it was that i am a ""moderate to high risk"" for suicide. i want to die i just never have the gumption to go through with it but i'm starting to feel the drive finally. i don't want all of the ""you have people who love you"" or ""think about what your future holds"" i just want to tell it to someone. i guess it's like my favorite drummer when i was little and still enjoyed doing things like that. he ended up killing himself and everyone was upset but his best friend said that he never wanted to get that phone call but he knew that it would come. it was just a matter of when. i'm starting to get closer to that ""when"". i guess if you read this thanks for wasting a bit of your day to hear out some sad depressed piece."
"I feel like shit. No job, no degree, disappointed parents, friends that say they're sick of my shit. I don't want to do this anymore. I look at the successful people in this world and think there is no chance I could ever be one in any sense of the word success. I can't even afford a shitty studio apartment and I'm probably going to have to move back in with my parents if I don't get my shit together. I just want to end it all. The only reason I haven't is because I know of 2 friends that would blame themselves even though there's nothing they can do. They listen, but they have their own problems, I don't want to burden them with the full force of mine, especially after so many other ""friends"" and even my parents have told me they're ""tired of my shit."" 

What's the point? Eventually, everyone I consider a friend gets tired of me. Why should I continue this vicious cycle? The highs aren't worth this kind of low to me anymore. Why should I even bother to meet people anymore when all of my friendships end the same way? I genuinely believe I'm a rotten human being. How could I think anything else? I don't even know what this ""shit"" I do that everyone gets tired of, I just be me and it pushes everyone away. What's the point of an existence like that?

EDIT: I'm going to try and sleep. I need help. I need to find answers. If I don't, I'm just going to end up here again. I'm not keeping anything in the house I could use easily.

EDIT2 (2 days later): Thank you for all of the responses. After talking with one of my most trusted friends (one of the 2 I was toughing it out for) I was able to find the reasons behind everyone's sudden change in attitude, and my own. I never want to go to that dark place again, so I'll be seeking help next week. This is an obvious throwaway acct, but if I remember the password in a few months, I'd love to come back and tell everyone about my progress and maybe help some people. I realize I'm in no position to help anybody right now because it's clear I need to help myself. Please believe I'm not brushing this off. I have a football game with friends I haven't seen in years on Sunday and I'll be calling a hotline on Monday. I will not flake on this simply because I realize the importance of my own life now. Thank you very very much."
"I have felt really hopeless since probably the 6th grade. Over the years, things have only gotten worse. I was a good kid in high school. I had a 3.5 GPA and was completely sober all four years. Despite how good my life was, I constantly felt lost. 

Since coming to college, I've begun to drown my sorrows with drugs and alcohol. I'm only in my first semester but I'm not doing well in school. I can guarantee that I will be on academic probation come the end of the semester. My parents are paying a lot of money for me to go to this school and finding out I'm on academic probation will devastate them. 

I feel like their disappointment is going to put me over the edge because my family members are the only people I've been able to maintain legitimate relationships with. I've ruined all my friendships with people by being overly sensitive. I've ruined every romantic relationship I've ever had within a month of them starting because of my lack of self confidence in everything. Overall, I feel as if I'm wasting my parent's hard earned money and when they realize it, I'm going to lose them too. 

Once I lose them, I feel like I have nothing to live for. I have suicidal thoughts almost everyday and suicide seems like the best way to go. I don't know what exactly I'm looking for here but I feel like I can't tell these things to anyone. I just wanted to get it it out and look for advice I guess."
"It feels so weird and sad that the only people I can talk to are strangers on the internet, anonymously. But my ""real"" account has tens of thousands of karma, and I basically have no friends in real life, so I guess I get along better with you guys than I do with the people I know.

For most of my adult and adolescent life, I've gone through occasional dark periods when I've fantasized about suicide, but they were pretty short-lived in response to something that had recently happened. And usually it was just some kind of revenge fantasy where I thought I could force people to know how much they hurt me, but I know that's not how it works - they'd just be surprised and confused, then forget about me and move on.

However, this episode has lasted about a month. I spend a long time every day (and especially every night) dwelling on suicide, and the only things stopping me are the lack of anything less painful than a sharp object in my immediate reach, and the fact that I've promised some things to some people and don't want to leave them hanging. Basically, suicide is an item on my to-do list. Even though it's at the bottom, I've started to avoid taking on any new commitments because they'd delay it, and I think I can wrap up the rest of my tasks within weeks. On the other hand, there are times (once every couple of nights) when I think I might be willing to let everything slide and just do it right now, if I had a gun or some sleeping pills handy.

My main problem is that I'm so lonely. The people in my workplace hardly talk to each other, and there's no one I see outside of work. I've gone out with a friend just once in the last few months, to see a movie, and he was just looking for anyone he knew who was willing to go with him. But at the same time, there isn't any particular thing I actually *want* to do with anyone I know. I dislike bars and parties and just ""hanging out"" for its own sake; I'd rather be *doing something*. Basically the only thing I like to do that can be done with a friend is video gaming, and I honestly don't know anyone who would want to do that and lives nearby.

It's probably relevant that I'm gay. I came out to my family at Thanksgiving and friends soon after. No one was upset or even really surprised. The general vibe I got was just ""why are you telling me this *now*, if you're not seeing anyone?"" The few gay people I know told me this would be one of the happiest moments of my life, but in fact it's made me more depressed than ever, even though it went as well as I could ask for.

I've been trying my damnedest to meet someone on okcupid, where almost no one ever responds to my messages. I actually did go on a couple of dates with someone who really seemed to get along with me, but then he suddenly broke it off because he's so busy and took personal offense that I wanted to see him more than once every two weeks, and now we're not on speaking terms. That was a month ago, and I've had no other contact with anyone since then. Worst of all, I've realized that this last guy is the only person who's ever made me feel appreciated or attractive, and now he's clearly retracted that opinion. I'm starting to feel fairly confident that I'm not going to find anyone else to date me as long as I'm in grad school, maybe for the rest of my life.

Well, rant is way too long already. There's more I could say, but I don't know what's relevant. My life seems so easy and comfortable compared to the other stories I've read here. Maybe that's just a reason to get out of the way so you guys can deal with the people who have bigger problems."
"Hello, Reddit. I am a 22 year old female college graduate. I am unable to find a job and I live with my parents. I am severely depressed and have no money. I was also recently at a party where I am pretty sure I got so drunk I ended up putting myself in a position where I ended up being raped and now, a month later, there is a possibility that I could be pregnant. I can't afford an abortion, let alone a child. I also can't stand children to begin with.

I am about ready to off myself. I am no contribution to society, I have no friends left in my hometown, and I'm finding it impossible to get hired by anyone. I want to kill myself but to be honest, I am scared. I just want to do it quickly and get it over with but I really am terrified. I won't have insurance until 2011, which is soon, but I don't know if I can wait that long.

I really wish that no body ever feels as low and sad as I do right now.

I would just like opinions or advice from anyone who is willing to listen. Please.

EDIT: I just want to say thank you to everyone that responded.  As it turns out, my period arrived and I was just very worried and I tend to get dangerously emotional around this time of the month. I'm not so much upset about the fact that I was raped as much as I am upset about the worry it caused me that I could possibly be pregnant or have an STD/I. I am going to get professional emotional help and get tested as soon as I have insurance again. 

I am not like this at all during the rest of the month, and would never even think about suicide, but feeling as low as I do just once a month is definitely enough to put me into a situation I would never want to be in when I am a normally happy person. I probably have some kind of hormonal imbalance that I need to get evaluated. Again, thanks to everyone for being concerned! I hope everyone has a happy holiday and new year and people to spend them with!"
"That quote has struck me as quite apt for my situation. I taste a pshycosis never brewed.

My life could not be considered bad. My parents divorced, but I got everything I ever needed. My mum had depression around this time, and I can tell it had an effect on me.

The girl of my dreams got married to her ex a couple of months ago. She says she still wants to be best friends. Am I selfish for finding that incredibly hard to do?

I've been out of work nearly a year now. I'm on a back to work progrom, but my anxiety and depression make it the hardest thing in the world to attend and stay there every day. 

I went on a date, and I was anxious about kissing her, then I decided not to. I thought ""What's the point?""

Yesterday I felt confident in the world around me, today I feel nothing but despair.

My pschychiatrist has prescribed me Escitalopram, Olanzapine and Ambien. 

Would it be the worst thing to just take them all at once and walk the streets until I collapse? Romanticising my beautiful city one more time.

I'm sorry for posting, but I need to talk to someone. I'm drowning in madness never brewed."
"I've posted about my inability to cope with loss twice before, first on [AskReddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cvzkw/reddit_two_months_ago_my_best_friend_who_i_loved/) back in July and then [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dzobj/six_months_ago_my_best_friend_killed_himself/) last month.

I don't really have anything else to add. I wake up with physical pain and nausea every morning. I'm failing two of my classes. I think the clincher was when I looked at the Facebook ""memorial"" page some people that never spoke to him set up the day he died. I went back and looked and nobody has posted on it since a week after he died.

Normal people literally cared for an entire week and here I am, seven months later, unable to continue my life. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up and maybe have a dream where we're both still alive. Being dead and in a dream is better than being alive and in a nightmare.

I'm just sorry to my friends and parents who have tried to help me the past few months and can't. Maybe that's how he felt. But I know that I'm done. It doesn't ""get better,"" not this time. He was right."
"I want to change myself. I grew up in a horrible family. My father was an alcoholic as well as abusive, after he died when I was 12 (thankfully) my mom decided to crack the whip (she was almost worse).

Ever since I was a little kid I always told myself I never wanted to be like them. That I'd be different. That'd I'd be great.

My older brother went the same road as them. He's only 24 and he's a college dropout and has to pay child support because he gave birth to a bastard child.

I'm almost 20 years old and I realize that I'm still just an average person, and it seems that nothing I do will matter. But most of all I fear that I'll end up like the rest of my family.

I always wanted to be something amazing as well as fall in love with someone amazing. But nobody that great will ever fall for just a tramp like me.

Perhaps I overvalue love(sex). Perhaps I'm a perfectionist who wants nothing but the best in his life. I'm afraid of ending up mediocre because I feel as though I have all this knowledge and that I have a responsibility to use that knowledge to give back to people/society.

Alas I digress.

I try to work hard every day, but sometimes its hard to just keep going. Especially when I have almost nobody that supports me. Very few friends. No family. *sigh*"
"I'm a junior in college trying to get a geology degree.  I'm a very outgoing person. I enjoying sports, especially mountain biking, snowboarding, and soccer.  I'm not not anti-social, I can pretty much have a conversation with anyone I meet.  The problem is when I start to have feelings for someone. I can't bring myself to ask them, because I fear failing so much. This has happening right now with an amazing girl, who I now believe has not friend-zoned me. I just can't seem to get it right.  "
i was told to come here and ask for help but i dont want to disturb anyone.....
"Hi guys.  I was reading another post, someone was talking about a friend committing suicide and never knowing why.  So i thought I'd share why i might in the future.

Backstory: 22. Had an average childhood, last 12-18 months i've had some really fucked up shit happen.  July this year i became extremely depressed (almost overnight) and attempted suicide.  Immediately afterwards i was diagnosed with depression.  Now you'd have never described me as a happy bubbly person, but far far from depressed.

Anyway.  With my depression i spent 3 months practically bed ridden, unable to really do anything, somehow i got through it, 2 months of being functional but still feeling extremely shit and more recently a little better but it's still there just hanging on.

I know there are many types of depression, some people get it once then get past it and there are others who struggle with mental illness their entire lives.  If it turns out I'm the latter, i am without a doubt going to kill myself.

Here's my logic:

Reason 1: What i want in life, to be happy, wife, family etc.  In my view, to get into a relationship and start a family knowing you have recurring depression is selfish.  I couldn't knowingly put myself into the position knowing that some times i wouldn't be able to be there for them and would become a strain on them.

Reason 2: To make a comparison, say a terminal cancer patient.  They might have 6 months to live with excruciating pain.  If they were to take their own life, many would understand trying to avoid the pain.  The pain i felt went well beyond any physical pain i've encountered, i think i'd have preferred to have cramped for 3 months.  So how is it different if i chose to take my life?  I've got another 60 years left in me but it turns out I'm going to be living 1/3 of my life in agonising pain.  That's 20 years of hell.  Is it any different than euthanasia?

TL;DR Diagnosed with depression, if it's recurring i'm going to end it to avoid years of on and off torture.

Thoughts?

---wanted to post this in /suicide but it wouldn't let me, so this will do.


Edit:  People seem to be missing the point.  My point is that some mental illness CAN NOT be cured and CAN NOT be truly managed by modern medicine.  It is under this circumstance i'm talking about.  I'm not looking for advice on what i should do, as i said i'm trying to come at this from a rational point of view.  I'm not going to off myself unless i'd tried all possible solutions."
"i am a environmental chemistry student and a 5th year. I hope to graduate this spring. But I am suicidal because i feel like i failed in life. Before entering college i wanted to be a pharmacist, but i realized it was too hard. But I still continued by major and i do not like it. Right now my gpa is really shitty. I just want to find a job even if it's not related to my major but i don't know how. I feel like I cannot compete with everybody because i Have nothing no experience, no good gpa. I feel like i let my family down and I am so devastated with that. I want to be a nurse but i feel so hopeless."
"Instead of my trying to obsessively organize all of this to make perfect sense, and therefore never actually post anything, I'm going to just dump all my thoughts out here.  There'll probably be things missing or out of order a bit, but whatever.  I don't expect anyone to even care enough to read this, just as I don't expect anyone to actually help me or anything.  I can't think of the last time in my life that anything worked out for me, so there's no reason that'd change now.  I don't even know if I'm suicidal or not.  I know I wish I was just... just gone, or elsewhere, or I don't know.

I busted my ass for years to get into a great college.  I'm in the US, so of course I took a large chunk of debt (and threw my family another large chunk) so I could attend; my family has never been more than a lower-middle-class type, and some points we've been close to bankruptcy.  Even with that, they helped me go to a college to study what I had wanted to for years prior.  While there, I determined what exactly it was that I want to do, changed degrees within that program, and graduated with good standing.

I graduated in May 2008, and since then, I have never landed a job better than working food service.  I did everything I could during college to find internships, but I'd always get shafted at the last minute, some way or another, and I could never get one.  It didn't help that my focus wasn't something that particular college did a lot of outreach for.  I graduated and spent a year living with my family, building my portfolio and applying for work, with each application bringing a lower standard for job quality and farther distance from home.  After a year, there was still nothing - in the entire time, I got two declining emails from two companies, and a call from a third also declining my application.  Otherwise, I never heard anything.

With almost no money, I moved back to my college town to get away from my family, which had always been miserable - yelling, swearing, and general discomfort.  I met a great girl there, and since have been living in a shitty apartment with her and a few friends.  The apartment is a shithole, and we're under sports jocks who scream and yell and run all day and night, keeping us awake and raining plaster from the ceiling.  The landlord is a deadbeat, so no help there.

Upon first moving here, I found a dishwashing job and worked it for two months of absolute misery - 14-hour shifts with no breaks allowed for bathroom or eating, standing in two inches of dirty water.  I quit after they cut my hours repeatedly and had me earning so little that I could only afford to eat one meal every two or three days.  I found a ""better"" job at another restaurant, and then transitioned to the attached hotel's banquet hall, where I busted ass for 13 months.  They had me working 60+ hours for minimal pay, and no raises allowed.  My longest nonstop shift was 25 hours; I once worked almost 40 hours in two straight days, where I slept in the kitchen to save time.  I was treated like garbage, but I worked hard and saved up a small amount of money.

I quit that job in October due to job stress causing me to have constant breakdowns (which the managers didn't care about despite me crying and once blacking out).  I've lost hair, and my body has permanent stress-caused injuries (for example, I have no sensation in most of my feet/toes, probably from all the months of working 7-day weeks, 10+ hours each day).  But there was a hope!  I found a new college to attend, and was planning to move to Boston with my girlfriend and another friend.  I lined up a new bachelor's at that college, and was ready to turn my life around - the place was just perfect for me.  They loved me, accepted me, and wanted me to attend, and I had it all going smoothly... until I needed a loan co-signer, and my family refused because their finances are too shaky to sign a loan.  I begged them, but they refused.  I tried every person I knew, but not a single person could reliably offer to sign for the loans I needed.  Even with scholarships and grants, the amount I needed was too high, and at the last minute, I turned it down.  This happened just a few weeks ago, and the move was planned for mid-December.

My girlfriend is also attending the college, and will still be.  My friend is still moving there too.  I can't back out, and the lease was already signed anyway, so now I'll be moving to an extremely expensive city with barely over $2k in savings.  With all this in mind, I buckled down hard and got my portfolio website online, and made some new projects to show.  Even with all that, I have been turned down by every job I applied to.  Then I tried data entry places, and no luck.  I've actually been told that having food service on my resume is bad for me, because it makes them question why I spent time doing crap jobs - makes them think I don't have the drive to get or hold a real job.  I basically wasted my time with those jobs, when I was sure they'd make me seem like a solid worker.  

Now I'm stuck looking at food service jobs, but they don't pay enough for my bills and loans, so I'll need two.  The idea of doing even one food job makes me want to die.  I have not have health insurance in years, and before I lost it when I turned 23, I was already diagnosed with multiple severe sleep disorders, bipolar manic depression, and being pre-diabetic.  I need health insurance, but I sure as hell won't get it working food service!  I know how they operate to make sure employees don't get coverage, and besides, on the pay I'd get, I could never afford it.

I'm about to move to a new place, and immediately watch my life sink to bankruptcy.  I have no family to support me, no savings, and my degree is worthless.  Even my resume is too weak, and every day that goes by is a step closer to being a ""lifer"" in the food service industry.  I would honestly rather die painfully than ever go back to that madness.  My options are so limited though - I check job sites every day to no avail, and the stress is driving me to a breaking point.  I'm an emotionless blob that sits at home nearly crying... I lose time, my hair is still falling out, and I can't sleep or eat right.  As it is now, I've been awake for two days and I can barely eat without feeling ill.

I don't even know what I'm typing this for.  I'm a wreck.  I want to just disappear from all this, but I can't.  By the end of January I'll be out of money, and then what?  Jobs are so scarce, and I'm so miserable that I can't even think about looking for them now.  I just wanted to work an honest job and earn some money so I could live like a human.  I have a goddamn degree, for fuck's sake, but apparently I'm just trash.  I wish that someone could help me.  I swear, I just need those loans signed, but it'll never happen.  Good things don't necessarily happen to good people; maybe I'm one of those people who will never get a chance to be more than a slave, serving food to those who are actually successful.

I suppose I can chat to people if they want.  I tried to be vague since I know a lot of friends use reddit, but if you message me, I can maybe talk more detail or chat on AIM or something.  I dunno.  I doubt anyone is still reading by now... why would you?  I'm just a mess, and you probably have better, more important things to be doing.

EDIT: I hope people don't think I'm just here to beg or pester them or whatever.  I felt this was a better place to post for some helpful words than something like /r/Self... the last thing I want is a ton of upvotes turning me into some ridiculous circle-jerk front page charity case, so this seemed to make more sense.  I apologize if I was wrong."
"I've been deleting everything I wanted to say and that doesn't work so I hope this is enough to get some sort of conversation going.

Edit: Sorry for my English, it's not my native language. 

Edit2: This is a throwaway account. And for some reason I feel obliged to warn you. I hope I wont change you in someone like me. (probably not my last edit)

Edit3: It might be useful to know a little more about me. I like extremes in every way. I even like (to some extend) the effect of my depressions because it makes the good times feel better. And even if it's hurtful for myself it gives me a different perspective on life.

Edit4: I hate it that I can't be as honest as I want to be IRL. I think that's one of the biggest problems in life. How am I able to change my mind and learn if I can't say what I really think. It has thought me a lesson: I have extreme thoughts so others have them to and they will be different from mine. So I have to accept them to give myself a chance of being accepted.

Edit5: I don't mind getting the downvotes, but at least give me a reason so I can see if I can change anything."
"I don't even know why im posting here, its a longshot, at least.

In the past 4 months, ive lost many things that were precious to me. Ive lost my best friend, got dumped by a girl and more.

Ive had many girlfriends in the past months, and i dont even know why i kept on dating. I'm a monster when it comes to dating. I dont know why anyone would ever date me. I dont think ive got anything going for me in the 'looks' department.

I've grown up in a household full of high expectations. My parents, peers, and other people force this idea of high expectations on myself. I'm used to being the top of the class. This senior year, im just barely pulling through with 70% on most classes. Doesn't sound low, but thats abysmal for myself. (By the way, this is Canada, where grades matter, not SAT or such)

Last night was an argument with my (now ex) girlfriend. I 'cheated' on her by flirting with this other girl, who only kept on going on it to log everything i said and present it to my girlfriend.

Even then, i dont know why i did it. It was stupid, and i feel guilty. It's like ive destroyed all of my ideals for myself.

As you can probably tell, my trains of thought aren't exactly coherent, but ill answer to anything you have to throw at me. I started isolating myself from everyone due to my paranoia, but the internet is my home.

I can't bear to hurt all my peers and friends, but at the same time im being pushed into a corner."
"I was born into a shitty family like many (mom was a hoarder, was actually badly beaten on two separate occasions for cleaning and dad was too busy being a hot bachelor to give a shit), but I managed to make something of myself, doing a lot of volunteer work for others. 

That seemed to work for awhile. But now that I'm older I'm becoming more and more cynical to the point that even that doesn't make me happy anymore. I've been to see the proper help when I'm down, but nothing ever seems to work or last for any period of time, before it all turns to shit again. Even when things are on an uptick, I'm feel like shit. And yes, I've taken all matter of medication as well having been voluntarily hospitalized twice.

I am seriously just plain tired of fighting. I'm tired.  I'm tired of convincing people that I'm not just some black trash, onsite. I'm tired of dealing with rude entitle people. 

I don't know what to do.

I've become pretty much agoraphobic and have purposely withdrawm from reality.

So, I am at that point, where I'm planning and feeling pretty zen about it.  I've spent the past year distancing myself from friends and family so it wouldn't be so difficult for them to deal with, so it would make a smaller impact.  People will cry and wonder what they could have done, but life goes on.

I just seriously wish my mother had aborted me."
"    I know I'm young, but I think I'm more mature than most 13 year olds.
I'm this young, and I feel like I'm as stressed out as someone 20 years 
older than me. I go in and out of crying all night every night. 
I have nobody I can talk to, none of my
friends want to hear, understand, or know what to say, it just freaks them out. 
    I play an online MMO (online games that involve magic and healing and swords and all that geeky stuff)
and when I'm not doing that I'm on Fable (xbox game kind of like that, without the online part) or at school. I fight with my mom all day, and we don't talk much anymore. I can't stand my sisters boyfriend, never could, and then he cheated on her. Now he's back, and like always, basically living with us. He, along with my whole family, makes fun of me all day and I can't stand it. I already hate my appearance and I honestly do think I'm abnormally fat, I hate my thighs especially, and my stomach fat.
     On this MMO, I talk to the older friends I met about what I go through, and along with my stress I take 
on theirs also. From this game and meeting these people I've had two suicidal friends. At 13, I've had to try to talk these two people out of it. It adds so much more stress, but I can't just let it happen. I barely have a social life outside of school. I barely pay attention to school either. I'm closest with my sister, she is intimidating though, being almost and maybe anorexic. I relate to her a lot, but she has no idea I cry all day. She helps to keep me happy and sane.
    I'm over whelmed... I also just lost a friend, and being in middle school, probably means I lost all her 
friends too. At 13, I feel all this and I'm going MUCH too fast for my age, I'm afraid of what I'll be like as I get older. I'm afraid I'll eventually get suicidal, and honestly, with all of this fear the one thing I'm not scared of is dying. 
    I could barely call myself mentally 13. I just don't know what to do to give myself
 a chance for the future anymore."
"I'm three years into an engineering program with a high GPA and great interview skills (I go to a school with co-op opportunity). I'm pretty much ready to continue on with success, money, and nothing to worry about for the rest of my life. I have a beautiful girlfriend, a fucking amazing family, and great roommates. I have everything a  person would want. I'm fucking ignorant, I'm a cock, whatever you want to call me. I'm everything people want to be that have less fortunate lives. Please forgive my brutal honesty, but I want to end it all. I don't even care. I have nothing to pin suicide on but a *strange* conscious that I myself don't understand. I don't have an alcoholic father who beats me, I don't have a shitty life where I can't go anywhere. I find myself more comfortable in silence and alone with nobody around or not a soul in sight or vibe. I don't understand myself, and I wonder if anyone out there is like me. I don't know why I'm going on and on in misery... maybe because everyone close to me would be broken... maybe because I'm too much of a pussy. I just don't fucking get it. This is a fake account, by the way. Please understand, and please help.

EDIT: I want to thank everyone so much for their consideration. I had no idea how passionate and caring people are for others on Reddit. I love this place, and everyone's so understanding. I thank everyone for each and every piece of advice, and I took it to heart, trust me. I think I'm just confused about everything and what is going on. I think the best thing I can do is just go away for a little - from everyone I know, and take a little vacation to think. Or a nice walk in the woods. I love too many things to end it, but I don't see myself as meaning anything. I think I just need to sit down and do some self-realization and read some transcendental works and find our just who I am. I thank everyone for each and every keystroke they took to type what they did. Thanks guys and girls."
"I'm married, going to school to gain degree in radiologic protection technology. So far so good.
The marriage is great! It's just that, my drinking has become an issue. I'm well aware that I'm an alcoholic. I drink a half pint of vodka and a 6 pack a day. Believe it or not, this was cut down from when I used to drink a 12 pack a night for at least 2 years solid.
In short, I drink, a lot.
It's not a problem with my professional/school side of life. But it's affecting me and my wife, and I'm ashamed of it. I use it to fall asleep, been doing this for years.
I understand this isn't healthy. I know I know I know....don't go off on........the fuckin' obvious.
Those who have been where I am......how did you change? I need insight, because I've just been so...............used to this lifestyle I find it hard to fathom another.


EDIT

I hear voices.  It's like screaming voices.  How am I to sleep?  

EDIT

Any undiagnosed out there?  I would love to hear from ya"
"I don't know if I'm allowed to post non-cries-for-help here but I thought this might be really helpful to some people who come here.

I've struggled with depression/anxiety for years, and as a result gone through various periods of thinking of suicide. I've also had different doctors/therapists/psychiatrists/etc classify these thoughts differently, so I thought that having a little guide might be helpful to some people here.


**Suicidal Ideation** - This is when something goes wrong and you just kind of think, ""Well, I could always kill myself,"" but you don't really intend to go through with it. You feel like you could be driven to that point if things don't pick up, and you're scared that you're even thinking about it at all, but you're not likely to do anything rash today.


**Obsessive/Intrusive Suicidal Thoughts** - Intrusive thoughts are those really uncomfortable thoughts you get sometimes. Like, if you're holding a kitten, you suddenly realize that you have the power to kill that cat with your bare hands. And then you're disgusted with yourself for even thinking that, and you just feel ashamed. Sometimes these are suicidal thoughts though, and you get really scared because you don't really want to kill yourself, but you keep thinking about it all the time. Everything that happens, you just keep reminding yourself how easy it would be to end it, even though you don't really want to.


**Suicidal Intentions - This is when you have a knife/pills/gun beside you, and you're just waiting for the right moment. I don't need to explain this. If you are here, call 911/999 or whatever your emergency number is.**


**Panic Attacks** - Any of these can cause you to be really upset, especially if you're not intending to kill yourself but can't stop thinking about it. As hard as it is at the time, the best way to stop this is to distract yourself. **Go make a sandwich.** You don't have to eat the sandwich, you don't have to be hungry, just go make a sandwich. Do it well. Tie the bread back, straighten the cheese, etc. Make a cup of coffee, go for a walk, anything to distract yourself.


Regardless of which of these you're experiencing, you need to talk to someone. And even if Reddit or your chosen hotline or friend manage to calm you down, it might be a good idea to talk to your doctor. Mention your felt this way, and if applicable mention that you feel better but that you're concerned.


Again, if anyone feels like this is in the wrong place or whatever... I dunno, the mods can delete it. But I know I've struggled with the first two (and the last one) and not known what was happening."
"There is a girl in my class I have had a crush on for a while. I asked her out for coffee via email last friday and she did not even respond. I've spent the weekend crying on and off.

I am also married, and I feel like I've betrayed my wife for the mere fantasy of getting with this other woman. If I told her she'd be devastated. She is a good person but I don't know if I'm ready to be her husband. She is the first and only woman I've ever been with, and I honestly don't know if I could start another relationship with someone else (I have never had self-esteem or confidence).

I feel like I am standing at a fork in the road where both paths lead to sadness. I'm not going to kill myself but the idea of not feeling anymore is appealing."
"How can a twenty year old have so many regrets? I can't seem to do anything right. I was alone and miserable for so long, because I didn't fit in. In high school I only had online friends because I was gay and socially awkward, then I lost them all. Sometimes I still miss them.

I went to university last year thinking that surely, if I don't fit in in a small town I'll fit in a an urban area. But I didn't. The first few months were terrible. And then I met a guy through Facebook. He was friends with some of the girls in my class. He decided to be friends with me, just because. We had no mutual friends and didn't move in the same circles.

Yet, he was my friend and introduced me to people, and made me feel good and encouraged me. Without him, I might have even killed myself. Then a few months ago, I decided I don't want to be friends with him anymore, and I told him so. So now we're not friends.

I left university and went back home. I still keep in touch with some friends from uni, we both cling to the idea I'll back next year. I won't. It's too late now. And the economy is bad. And I am not college material. I feel pathetic, like I should just delete them from facebook and stop contact.
I am supposed to go there for New Years, but no one's talking to me right now. I don't think it's gonna happen. 

It's not a big tragedy. My only two remaining friends now that he is gone, are a shut in loser and a emotionally stunted punk girl. And they only wanted to spend New Year's with me because other plans fell through. So whatever. I'll just sleep like every year.

Sleeping is my favorite part of the day now. I can forget I shouldn't have came back home, even though sometimes I dream about staying in uni.

This is the biggest mistake I made in my life. My days now consist of working and sleeping. And I don't have a crazy work week, I work less than 40 hours a week. Yet when I come home I just mindlessly browse the internet. I don't even have the attention span for video games anymore.
I thought that I could work out and find a hobby at home. That I would have more time. But I don't. I only have time to sleep.

I wish I was dead. I think about suicide every day. I'm twenty, never had a significant other, only had sex one time. I'm ugly, I have seborrhea so my skin is often red and flaky, I'm already balding... no one will ever find me attractive.
I have no talent, I have no ambition. I live in a really small town where there is nothing to do. People don't like me because I'm gay and because I'm different, I don't listen to the kind of music they do. We don't watch the same TV or read the same books. Nothing in common with anyone.

Nothing would be lost if I died. I suffocated already. I go through my days on autopilot. I am thinking overdose."
"For examples sake, a son committing suicide whose living with his mother, father and sister."
"I'm not good at writing coherently at all. So i apologize if this doesn't make much sense.

Ive dealt with a lot of issues since around middle school. I was a big kid(you can see a pic in my post history), I got made fun of and beat up a bit. All of this destroyed my self esteem. I came to terms with the fact that I was a ""loser"" fairly early on in life and accepted it.

Throughout Middle school I had no friends. Literally. My parents used to offer me money to go out and do something. instead, I stayed inside and play Rainbow Six all summer long.(what an awesome game)

Mid-way through Sophomore year things were the same; Mediocre grades, gaming and no friends. Until May, when i got my first girlfriend and friends. The next 10 months moved quicker than any year previous to it. I became sort of popular, and grew out of my awkward appearance. 

However, the lack of any sort of social life growing up meant I had no idea how to handle all my new friends. 

Slowly but surely, I lost them all.


Now, at 17, Im currently in a relationship with a girl a year older than me. I do love her, and she loves me, but I still cant feel happy.

My only other friend I had left, recently broke off our friendship because hes been just as depressed as Ive been. 

So now Im left with a girlfriend who lives an hour away(she lives in Manhattan, and I on Long Island).

Im not particularly suicidal, but its all i think about. I dont think I have the courage to do something like that. 

I also smoked pot for a good year, every single day, until about 3 weeks ago, when I stopped cold turkey. I dont know if that matters.

I just want help"
"I think about killing myself almost daily. Sometimes when I'm not even upset about anything. But, when I am upset, these thoughts are uncontrollable. I've cut myself many times, almost wreaked my car and once drank down NyQuil just so I could sleep. 

I've tried very hard to live a normal, happy life. I'm pretty popular, I have many close friends and I'm involved in greek life and other school groups. I keep good grades and I'm involved in a lot of different hobbies. In fact, most people are shocked if they do find out I'm depressed. 

I don't feel comfortable going to a doctor. Not to mention, I refuse to let my family know about my depression. 

Is there any small things I can do to help? "
"Even reddit isn't anonymous enough for me; I don't want to write my problems somewhere that people can see them.

I don't want to talk to anyone on the phone - I wouldn't be able to open up.

Is there somewhere you can anonymously talk to someone online and the conversation doesn't get saved?

edit:  Thanks everyone.  I got the third-party perspective I needed.  I really really appreciate all of you."
"sigh, no one said this would be easy.  note to other overzealous students: take care of yourselves during finals week.  

abusing addies during finals week is taking its toll; the depressive side effects were not unexpected, but actually feeling it is a different story.  don't worry, it's not yet the time to take the easy way out, just need to vent a bit before going on the final binge.  

really should have been prepared, but alas, that final project really didn't pull any punches.  lesson learned.  again.

it's okay.  this shall pass.
(wish me luck!)"
"Here's my problem:  I want to email my ex-girlfriend.  I don't want to say anything dramatic or insane, I just want to email things, show her funny things I've found online, talk about life, whatever.  Nothing big.  I don't even care if she responds, I just want the right to say it...  But I can't.  She has a restraining order against me.  Not for ever being violent, just for ""harassing"" her.  It's a long story, and yes, in the past I was a huge asshole in various ways (and also good in various ways, I'm not evil, I've just been very confused for a long time), but all I've ever done is annoy her, I was never violent in even the smallest way.  Every email I send will cost me a year in jail, that's how restraining orders work, even just for harassment...

I can't control myself.  The impulse to communicate is incredibly intense, and if I don't act on it, I slowly lose my mind.  I don't expect anyone to understand, but just try to picture trying to hold your breath as long as you can.  You can do it for a while, but eventually that *need* to breathe becomes so intense that you just can't think of anything else but that.  That's how powerful this compulsion is to write her a text message or an email.  It's unbearable.  I already spent four days in jail over a text message, so I know that even one more day in jail is torture for me.

I really can't see any way to escape this.  There's no reasoning with her.  There's no way to ask her to accept being slightly annoyed just to save my life.  To even ask her that is a violation, and thus time in jail.  I see no way out except taking my own life.

I DO NOT want to die, but I prefer death than even one day in jail, and I know before the year is out I'll send an email, no matter how hard I try to fight the compulsion.

I feel like I'm trapped in an equation with no solution.  I don't know what to do other than this.  When the Cyanide arrives, I'm going to take a small vacation, far away from where anyone can find me, and I'll mix the solution with a glass of wine and see if this universe is really the end of it all or not.

I want to live, but how can I?  I don't think any of you can help, there's nothing at all that can help me, but I want to write this just once.  Maybe someone has some solution I've yet to consider.  I feel so helpless... 

**Edit**: *It's wrong for me to think to involve her.  This is my own brain causing this nightmare, and it's unfair to ask her to help me.  When the shipment arrives I will leave this world the right way, alone.  She will not know about it.  Thank you all.*

**Edit**: *I read and interesting article this morning that leads me to believe I have some kind of brain damage.  I'm exhibiting quite a few similarities to people who have certain types of brain lesions.  Does anyone know how to get an fMRI with no insurance?*"
"Edit: whoops sorry, wrong subreddit"
"This was supposed to be in response to a post that was *just* deleted. I think it was freshly posted and hadn't received any responses (the post and the user seem to have been deleted while I was in the middle of typing a response). Anyhow, if the original poster is still on reddit reading (I hope so), here was my quick response:

You're not alone. These just aren't ""peak"" hours right now and most people are probably asleep by now (It's 5 a.m. here in California right now).

I'm not the best person to offer advice since I'm quite lost in my own depressed state. My situation isn't exactly the same as yours (I guess nobody really has the same exact situation...) but I, too, struggle with who I am. I feel like I've become my own enemy, and people say you can't let your depression define you, but I'm struggling to see where the line should be drawn...

Anyhow...sorry I can't offer any better words of encouragement. I just wanted to say that you're not alone."
"My ex-boyfriend is in a pretty dark place right now. We dated for three years until I ended it about eleven months ago. He took the breakup really, really hard, but I assumed (never should, right?) that he was doing better lately. He has always struggled with self-worth issues and moderate to severe depression, but in the past few months he got a job and his own place and things seemed to be looking up. 
However, last night he drank a little too much and went downhill pretty quickly. He's still not over the breakup, and doesn't feel as though he has any legitimate reason to live. He said he's tired of being alive solely to make other people feel better about themselves. He's already tried to kill himself twice, once by drinking anti-freeze and once via a revolver in the mouth (it jammed). He made it very clear to me that he will succeed the next time. He's seen several doctors, been on a few different anti-depressants (none of which worked) and has been to the emergency room at least once. He is much, much sicker than I thought he was and he feels like his only options to escape the ""hell"" he's living in is either suicide or ECT-induced memory loss (to forget about me. he doesn't believe me when I tell him that's not exactly how ECT works). He said to me at one point, ""Don't call 911. It won't stop me, I can wait.""
What are my options? What resources are available to me? How do I have someone committed? We live in western Minnesota and I'm pretty out of my depth

update: I've contacted his mother. her response was essentially ""oh my god, I thought we were past this."" Apparently he has ceased communication with the majority of his family. "
"i don't really feel suicidal now but I have in the past and I feel like I can prevent it this time by saying it out loud. 

it feels like my life is falling apart. I've lost almost all of my friends who i thought were close to me. so few of my friends actually talk to me, but seem to just forget about me when i'm out of sight. I feel so lonely when I see them all doing stuff together and not including me. one of my old floor mates from last year actually said that he only remembered me as ""Eric's roommate"" (Eric was my old roommate who was my best friend, the best roommate anyone could ask for) and that really cut me hard. My friends at home are all messed up too; my ex won't talk to me anymore; my best friend since we were 10 is now a raving pussy who can't stop whining about his gf; no one returns my texts anymore to do stuff on break, it just blows. 

this past fall I busted my ass so hard to get better grades (I slacked off last year a bit), but no matter how I worked I kept getting subpar grades. I'm really fucking smart but no matter what I do I never get good exam grades and it fucks up my semester averages. every effort never was enough, and no matter how hard I was working, the next day it didn't matter and I blew it by not seeing obvious that I would see as soon as it was handed back to me the next class. I would even be helping my classmates understand material, and then I get that same material wrong on the exam, it fucking kills me. I'm not failing out but I'm not doing as well as I could be, and that's what is getting to me more than anything. 

I don't even know if I'll be going back in the spring because I'm tired of wasting my money and my parents money to get subpar, I'm an A student no doubt. Last year I almost drank myself to death and promised to not do that this year, and I didn't. My social life went on hold so I could improve my grades, but that just seems to have done nothing except lose my status in the social world (I was really big, always invited to parties and loved by everyone I saw) Other relationships just end up with me being put in the friend zone because I'm not a douchebag hockey or lacrosse player (and I'm not unattractive either, quite good looking as I've been told several times). All the girls I get close to end up just telling me that I'm more like a brother and we are just friends.  

It just seems like it's not worth it anymore, I feel like I've let everyone down and just don't want to keeping fighting it anymore. I don't want to give up, but I want to find what works for me, because I don't think this is anymore. I might just be too hard on myself because I want to do better but it feels like no matter what I do I don't get anywhere.  

Hopefully I feel better after I finish this and read it later. 

tl;dr I'm spinning my wheels on and not getting anywhere. "
"Kind of in a bad spot right now and just feel like I need to talk to someone.

Edit: Feel a bit more comfortable here so I think im just going to post what I told writngrl here. Sorry its a relatively large wall of text and incomplete, i'll add to it later.

Well I come from a middle class background. I am a 17 year old white male (sorry if this is useless information). I suppose this all started when I was around 4-6 years old. I was (and am currently) living with my mom, dad, and step brother. I used to have showers with my brother and I believe he sexually abused me (I can't say I remember much from back then but this sticks out) Now he was mentally disabled and has swapped out that kind of crazy to being a zealous Christian. No he hasn't done anything to harm me since then other then the general brother-brother fights. When I was young I was an overweight kid and had the confidence the coincides with being fat. Now I am of average build but still have the same self confidence issues. When I was growing up my brother was a general problem child, so a good once every two weeks I'd have to deal with loud raging arguments between both him and my father. This continued for years and at some point my mom had a mental breakdown and tried slitting her own wrists. She recovered for awhile and had another breakdown about 3 years later. She has been fine for the past two or three years. Between breakdowns I had to stop my step brother from slitting his own throat or other means of suicide.


"
"I've been thinking about posting about this for a while.  I lurk on /r/SW quite a bit, and I think many here would understand what I'm going through.  Maybe it will help to just write about this, so this post will probably be really long.  I'm 27 and I live in a depressingly small town in Illinois.  Up until April of this year I was working in a terrible job, but I put up with it because it paid the bills and kept me in my studio apartment.  Something in me snapped and I just couldn't put up with the bullshit anymore, so I erupted in a performance review meeting and got fired.  I haven't worked since, and have only put in half-hearted attempts to find work.  I was sapped of the last bit of motivation I had because of my experience in that job.  I have had desires to murder my ex-supervisor who I blame for me getting fired, even though it was probably mostly my fault.  Around the same time I was in my first relationship, and had my first kiss and sexual encounter.  When we were getting intimate I couldn't ""perform"" and it basically traumatized me to the point I tell myself I must never go trough dating/relationships again.  Also, since March '09 I have been going to the University of Phoenix online to get a degree in Criminal Justice.  Since that time I learned how terrible this school's reputation is and that I have wasted thousands of hours in getting a degree from a terrible school in a field I'm not even interested in anymore.  I wanted to be a cop for a while, but after serving as an Auxiliary officer I just couldn't handle it.  I'm far too stupid to do that job (or any other job), and I can't be in social situations without wanting to kill myself afterward.  So earlier this year I started planning my suicide; a gunshot to the head with the duty gun I was using.  My family urged me to go to therapy, which I did for about 4 months.  It was a terrible experience and I won't go back.  I was diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder, and they put me on 50mg of Imipramine plus Xanax, but it just isn't helping.  My family basically forced me to give them my gun, and now I have no access to it.  Last week I had to move back into my parents house because I ran out of the student loan money that I was using to pay rent.  I am a miserable failure and now I'm trying to decide on the least painful way to die.  I'm thinking of swallowing all the pills I have left.  What's incredibly pathetic is the fact that the only thing that makes me want to carry on is video games, and not my relationships with other people.                      "
I'm really tired. I want to make an exit. How can one minimize impact on other people? I don't want my family to suffer.
"Hey my first throw away account...

My life is completely fucked up.  I grew up in a family with both an emotionally abusive and physically abusive parent.
I've had ongoing health problems off on an on, for the most part it's been better the last few years.  What little closeness
my family had fell apart in my early teens when I moved and the only real friend I had, my brother, was sent to jail for
murder, this didn't exactly make it any easier to make friends in a new town as socially awkward and geeky as I am.  I was
socially ostracized for years.  I personally can't come to the point of forgiveness for this and much more, we have nothing to
do with each other any more.  I was also sexually abused when I was younger, not by a family member.

Things almost turned around when I was 18, ended up finding a girl friend, but it didn't last much beyond 6 months. Whats
sad she's one of only two girls I've ever had sex with, for which I can still count on my fingers how many times I have. 

I ended up dropping out of school and hooking up with the wrong crowd and went through a few years of drug addiction.

..Which lets be honest springs up every now and then..

I also made another close female friend, everyone at the time told me she liked me but I was outright terrified I'd loose the
only real friend I had at the time, heh of course it happened anyway.  I still wish I had her in my life as a friend.  I wish I could
talk to her just once more and apologize for the way I am, and tell her how much she meant to me.

So I tried to make a clean break for it, I took off and moved to a new city overnight.  That was 11 years ago.  To a point my
life has been okay since then, I've had a few sorta passing short term friendships.  I tend not to get to close to anyone.

A few years ago I was torn apart, another girl I thought was a friend from back where I used to live ended up spiraling out of
control on drugs, I tried to be there for her even though I moved away.  She ended up throwing what I thought was a friendship
in my face..In a profound way I accept the blame for what happened to her, her family and her kids.  I was the one who got her into
that lifestyle...

At that time I pretty much distanced myself from family, they were pretty much poison to me. Found a good job which pays
the bills.  Bought a house.  And in the past few years I've made a few friends.  I'm not sure how close they are, fuck I can't
figure people out in any way, sometimes I wounder if they just humor me as in way my position has been very beneficial to their
careers.  And sometimes I wounder if we are really anything more then just drinking buddies.  If were together alcohol is almost
always involved.

To be honest I've told them some truths and some half truths about my past, for the most part they know little.

The past while I've started longing for companionship, a family of my own, a chance to do it right.  It's tearing me apart to be
honest.  Every time I meet a girl I either like or think might have an interest in me I freeze up, and go into mental loops.  Hell
even through online dating I can't seem to make that first move.  The few friends I think I have all are pushing me to start dating.
Since I started this I've destroyed what self esteem I built up over the past few years.

Their's one guy I am friends with, I think he's a great guy, he's even asked me to be the best man at is wedding and it's really
freaking me out.  I'm terrified I'll fuck it up for him and his girl.  I'm dreading having to give a speech, but in a way I really want to,
I've spent hundreds of hours witting one.  I'm pretty sure his fiancée just humor's me when I'm around.  It's soo stressing me out
that anyone would want to include me in such an important day in their life.

It's only a few short days away from my birthday, again I'm sure I'll spend it alone.  Christmas, new years.  God I hate this time of
year.

I bought a whole crap load of food, I was going to have a party, cook a huge meal, I so do love to cook.  I invited quite a few people,
sounds like only two or three are going to show up.  On the bright side, I'll have enough food I won't be using to donate one or two
families complete Christmas meal.

I really hate this time of year.  I don't want much, I mean I have everything most people want economically.  I just want what so many
other people have.  Someone to love, and someone to love them.

It sounds silly but right now the only thought going through my head is to sell the house, sell whatever I can't pack up in my vehicle
jump in it, and just drive somewhere new, maybe find somewhere I actually fit in, and no one knows me.  No one knows about my
past.  Fuck that's sad in a way, that is such a childish thought, yeah I know running away isn't the answer, heh.

Physical intimacy creeps the fuck out of me for obvious reasons.  But it's weird I do crave it.  I mean there is one girl right now I sorta
have a crush on, and all I can think of doing is spending time with her, talking, holding her, kissing her.    I need to forget her,
it's complicated and fucked, it won't work, there is a bit of an age difference, and she's related to someone I think is a friend.  I don't
want to risk loosing either of them as friends and I'm sure if I said anything it would.  I'm sure she's given hints of her interest, but
in reality I'm probably reading her wrong.  I tend to always read people the wrong way.   Fuck I've been told my body language doesn't
say what I'm actually saying.  What the fuck does that mean anyway I have no clue?!?!

I ended up getting really drunk this past weekend.  I don't remember much.  I think I may have fucked everything up.

I guess I'm just in a funk, and am depressed for now.  It's probably the wrong sub reddit, I'm not suicidal right now, and I hope I don't end
up there ever.  In a way I just needed to vent a little, anonymously, whether anyone reads this or not.  I'm lost and don't even know what
direction I should be heading towards.

Perhaps I'm destined to wander through life alone.. Maybe it's the path I'm meant to lead.

I just hope I wherever it takes me I never hurt anyone in the end, no one deserves it.

I don't deserve this.
I didn't deserve any of this.

...
I'd never hurt anyone.  I don't want to be alone anymore or right now.
...

So why do I blame myself?"
"So, I'm a poor student (~2.8 GPA) at a good school. I've been talking to my college guidance counselor about colleges that I'd be able to get into and those that I wouldn't. I'd like to go into college for Computer Science or Electrical Engineering. I told this to my parents and they flipped. They refuse to sign student loans for me and they contacted my counselor and changed the list of schools that I had to all community colleges, and they insisted that they know what's best for me. I was really glad to finally be finished sending in those applications and see if any schools that I applied to would accept me, but my college list now consists of a number of community colleges. I've been struggling with depression since 8th grade, and I'm literally having the decisions that I had so painstakingly made torn out of my control. My parents refuse to listen to a word I have to day and my guidance counselor isn't going to get involved. What am I supposed to do in this situation?"
"Hey r/sw, I just wanted to write this somewhere even though I might be abusing your services.

I'm someone who has managed to piss away all of the opportunities I've been given in life. I go to a small, fairly decent but very tough, University. Because of a year and a half of stupidly ignoring depression and all-around being a fuckwit I'm not going to be able to graduate with much more than a 2.75 and an English degree. I've tried everything to get some perspective on this, but I just can't find it. Everything about my life feels hopeless and I can't stop feeling like a year and a half has completely torpedoed all of my chances of ever being happy again, even if I can control my depression and manage these problems. I have one semester left and I just can't handle this anymore. 

I've been involved in counseling other students for my entire college career so I know how relatively minor these problems are. But I still can't shake this. This makes it that much worse. I feel pathetic for not being able to handle this. I feel like Louis CK would be upset at me for not managing to be even slightly happy in this situation. I was raised to be strong and carry on but I just want to put a bullet in my brain.

To cap it all off I'm home for the holidays. I've been incredibly blessed and privileged to have parents who have never stopped providing love and support. This just makes this worse. There's already enough tension in my head without the problem of continuing to live as an unspoken disappointment or dieing as a disgraceful suicide. 

I know how irrational these decisions can be and I worry in these dark lonely times where it keeps getting easier and easier to not keep resisting the urge to chug all the pills I have for a chronic pain condition. I spend most of my days pumping podcasts and books and antidepressants into my brain to keep my mind from slipping. However the days keep getting longer and I can't keep having this crisis every day.

I think I can keep going but it varies from day to day. I was wondering if any of you might have some advice or perspective on this so I can put it in the books I look to whenever I can't take it anymore."
[removed]
"It's 6 in the morning and I'm going to college in a few hours, haven't been to sleep all night, I absolutley despise college, I hate it, I hate the work we do, I hate the course I'm on, I hate the teachers, the people on the course are bearable and the only reason I go is so that I can pretend to everyone that I'm actually doing something with my life, when the truth is I have absolutley no idea what I want to do, wait, I know what I want to do, the only thing that truly gives me joy when I think about it, is suicide, I mean why shouldn't I just get up and kill myself? I think the only reason I'm not doing it right now is because I couldn't do that to my family, but I'm almost past the point of caring about them anymore.

All I do is play games, I hate doing college work so much, I'm so far behind on all my work because I FUCKING HATE IT. When I'm at college all I do is browse reddit, I pretend to everyone that I'm going to attend university when I finish my course, but I know I'm not, all I want to do is play video games, it's my addiction I guess, some people are addicted to heroin, some to meth, but me, it's video games, but I love to play video games, I don't want to do anything else. I've never had a girlfriend which really cuts into me when I'm lying, alone and cold in bed at night, more and more lately I've been crying myself to sleep, and on top of that I'm gaining weight at a pretty steady weight, which just makes me more fucking angry and depressed with myself. I'm a fucking mess basically, who can't and doesn't want to do anything with his life but die. I put on a pretty normal existence to everyone however, I lie constantly about things I haven't done or am not going to do just so I don't look like that fat anti-social loser who does nothing and has no friends, let me tell you something else too...

I fucking hate the world, we live in a shithole, our planet is an awful awful place and I want to leave it, I honestly don't want to live to see what we become in the future, we will leave an even worse planet for our children and grandchildren to live on, and no one even cares, I don't even care really, It's just something that eats away at me and I've come to accept as fact, even though I'm sure some people live very happy lives, not me though, nothing but sadness.

I guess, growing up, my life went from one extreme to another, sometimes life would be great, but my dad was an alcoholic, I mean he smoked weed too, but it was just to help him sleep, hell I'm kinda glad he smoked weed, It was a lot better than when he was drunk, fuck, he'd always stay out overnight and there would be weekends where I wouldn't even see him, I always thought I'd never see him again, him and my mum always argued, he sometimes hit my mum, but only when drunk. He cheated on her twice, my mum took him back after the 1st time, and for the first couple of years or so it was great, but things quickly when tits up and he was back to old ways, and he knows he fucked up massively with my mum, and he regrets all the things he did, but you know, I'll always love my dad but I'll always associate those bad times with him, and it pains me so much to think of him that way, and I'm slowly starting to hate my mum, because all she ever does is say bad, horrible things about him infront of me and my brothers faces, I fucking hate it. My dad never says a single thing bad about her either, it's just out of spite when she says the stuff she does, and I hate it. I'd say it's fucked me up somewhat mentally, but I don't know, in my mind I know I'm messed up, but there's no way in hell I can convey my mental state in text.

I've probably missed some stuff that I'd like to have putten down for all you anonymous people that I have never met to have read, but I guess that's for another time, I don't know what has come over me, I wouldn't usually do anything like this, I guess I had an epiphany of sorts, if I don't get help soon then I don't know what's gonna happen. Please don't suggest for me to go and talk to someone, I don't have anyone to talk to, why do you think I'm posting on here for help? This is my last chance, I may get round to a tl;dr version but for now, I'm going to go and attempt to get a couple hours of sleep before I have to go and waste another day of my life doing something I don't want to do. 

Thanks for reading all this (if you just skipped to the last line, no thanks)."
"Just wondering. Yes it was a cry for help bullshit attempt. Yes I'm stupid.

All today I've been blacking out and passing out; on the subway, while walking, etc. Also, slurring my words.

What should I do? Has any damage likely been done?"
"(Originally posted in /r/depression)

I'm not sure what to do. My life is a complete mess.
I ""study"" at university. I can't go outside alone. I've been suffering from depression for years now, and have taken Fluoxitine for over 4 years.

I know there are personality problems with me, I just seem to be stuck in a rutt. I oversleep all the time; whenever I get less than 10 hours sleep in a day, I am constantly tired. It ruins my day. I need to be able to cope with less sleep, as I can't get to sleep if I haven't been awake for a longer period of time.
Because of a bunch of this, I miss lectures and tutorials. I get the feeling that my housemates/friends/people at university don't understand. I try my best to do exams/coursework without going to lectures/tutorials.
I'm lonely. I feel alone constantly. I had a girlfriend around 9months ago, but it turns out she was cheating on me with someone else and got rid of me. Most of all, I miss aving someone to talk to and someone to hug me at night.

I had a social night tonight. I left early because I felt ill. Didn't tell anyone because I didn't think they would care/didn't want to ruin their nights. Deliberated throwing myself into oncoming traffic. Chickened out as usual.
I just don't know what to do with myself.

Addon since original post:-

On top of this, I have two coursework deadlines on Friday, My Nan passed away last night and my sleeping is just getting worse. The doctors think that there is nothing wrong with my sleeping and just tell me to relax (I think they are just trying to get to the next patient, as it is a University Doctors Surgery).

I just feel like I have no energy to do the stuff I want to do, the stuff I love and the things I need to do."
"Let me start by saying that this is obviously a throwaway account, since my friend uses Reddit, and I am definitely not a troll. I respect the Reddit community and it's advice, and it really pisses me off when people take advantage of it's time and honesty. I will try to detail my dilemma as best I can, while keeping away from any personal details that might be used to identify myself or my friend. Any help from you all will be extremely appreciated. 

My best friend is in his mid-20s, graduated from college a few years back, but has been forced to move back home with his parents. He was unable to find a job where he was living before, and a series of bad housing situations has forced him to become down-trodden and resigned to moving back to the small town where he was born. He has no friends where he is living, now works at a big-box retail store - the same place he had his first job when he was still in high school - while earning minimum wage. He is gay (not that it matters, but it adds to the woe - especially in the mostly redneck town he's now living in), and has suffered with depression most of his life. He doesn't make enough money to afford health insurance, and is too old to be added to his parents medical plan, so he cannot get depression medication anymore, or afford to see a therapist. In addition, he gets daily reminders from people he knew from high school that come into his work and mock him for still working at a retailer while they have 'real jobs.' What the fuck is wrong with people?

My friend calls or texts me daily about how much he hates his life and how much he wants to die. I try to cheer him up as best I can, and let him know that life moves on, but he doesn't believe me and thinks his life is unnoticed. Lately, he's been telling me that he doesn't give a shit what I think, and has been very transparent to me with his need to die. I feel like a few other people know that he is unhappy, but they're not close enough, nor have the daily interaction with him, to help make an impact. 

When he first mentioned he was suicidal, I thought he just needed attention and reassurance, but I'm getting more and more worried the further I talk to him that I'm going to lose my best friend.

SW, what do I do? Do I call his parents and fill them in? Do I invite him to come live with me rent-free until he gets on his feet? My worse fear is getting a phone call informing me that he's died, and I lost my chance to do the right thing. How can I convince him that life will improve?

Thank you to everyone who helps me on this. I am so completely lost.

Thank you."
"I can't handle living in this world as a second class citizen. I can't imagine the thought of bringing a daughter into this. Every day I'm reminded of my rape through simple things like a picture or a joke online. Every day I'm told it wasn't my fault but I shouldn't have been walking there at night. It's not my fault but I shouldn't have been drinking. I can't go outside without feeling this intense fear of being that girl that gets raped twice because she doesn't learn from her mistakes. I can't have sex and please my spouse anymore. It's not his fault but he suffers for it.

I am not attractive and I hate feeling like my worth is based solely on my physical appearance. Ugly women are meant to be at home, stay indoors. How dare she not be aesthetically pleasing? Fat, overweight men can be CEO's but nobody takes an unattractive woman seriously. There is nothing for me. 

The worst is that people don't understand what it is like to be a woman and treated like this. Talked down to all the time. Fearing for my life when I walk anywhere alone. Hearing jokes and remarks every single fucking day, even in the safest places, that reduce you to a punchline or a robot. If I am hurt, or if I don't laugh, I'm a humorless bitch. I love to laugh. I want to. I can't when people make jokes about rape or about women when they have no idea what it feels like to have your sexual organs ripped open from the inside, to be bleeding for days and not be able to tell anybody. To be denied healthy and pleasurable sex for the rest of my life. To not be able to do anything about it because I'm not physically strong enough. 

He wants children but I don't. All of the injustice and pain that I feel, I would rather die than inflict it on a pure little person. I don't want children but I feel like this is my only purpose and if I fail to do it, I'm letting him down and letting everybody else down. It's not fair to him. I disappoint him every day. I don't feel good enough to be around his friends. I'm uneducated, I could never afford college and I have no desire to go. I don't want to have a job that requires a degree but I feel so ashamed to be working in a grocery store when all my friends are engineers and teachers. I feel like this lack of ambition makes me a bad feminist and a bad wife. I left school to be with him in a foreign country and now I feel stagnant while he achieves his goals. I don't have any goals, I just have him, but I don't give anything back. 

I hate myself with such intensity it feels like a physical burning sensation in my chest. I fear death so much but I feel like I'm on the top floor of a burning building.
"
"Cant think straight at all ... I'm feeling like I should hurt myself so that I dont have to go to work tomorrow. This is the second day in a row that I've promised something to work colleagues, then at the last minute had to say I cant deliver. they must think I'm a fucking idiot. I've had to lie and say I've a family emergency to attend to. But they probably dont believe me. How can I go in tomorrow and look them in the eye? I havent felt this acutely suicidal before and its really terrifying. I have been pacing my room just punching myself in the head to try and feel something different.
"
[removed]
"I failed a class, I won't be able get into a career program i need to be in, I have to drop out. I can't get evne a deadend job how can i live without a degree? 

I am through, there is nothing left but death. "
"I want to kill myself.
I am 18 and I feel that I am a MtF transsexual and I can't stand living anymore.I constantly have anxiety from my depression andI just want to find the most painless way to kill myself so that I'm not constantly reminded how much of my life I have missed and what I will never experience.  I just want to die."
"Everyone is so wary and bitter towards each other now, society is relaying it's foundation with mistrust, fear and hate.

I've done plenty, I think I'm going to duck out before the party ends.

I'm tired of the anxiety and uncertainty."
"I am going to kill myself. My decision is made. I do not want pity, nor do I want anyone to talk me out of it. I assure you that I have fully considered all of the usual arguments that people use when the topic of suicide is brought up. There is nothing that can be said to me that I haven't already considered. I do, however, need some advice.

Specifically, are certain suicide methods less traumatic than others? There are a handful of people that would have to deal with my death and I don't want to burden them any more than I have to. For instance, I imagine shooting myself in the head would be rather morbid. I am trying to think of the least traumatic suicide method possible. I am really concerned that I might live through an attempt. I don't want to end up damaging my organs or causing brain damage, so I really need an effective method. It would actually be beneficial for everyone involved if I could make my death look like an accident. I'd consider staging a single vehicle collision, but I don't have access to a car at this point. Are there any other ways to make my death look accidental?

I am also wondering if it is better to leave a note or just let things be. I don't want people to be left with unanswered questions, but I think an explanation would make people feel even worse. I most certainly don't want anyone to blame themselves for my death. People will naturally want a sense of closure, but I am not convinced it's the right way to go. Any input on this matter would be greatly appreciated.

Timing is another concern of mine. I don't want to ruin the holidays and will be mindful to not kill myself too close to any birthdays or special occasions. I don't want my death to cramp anyone's style, and I obviously don't want people to think of me every time they hear Christmas music. On the other hand, I am concerned that killing myself at a time of year when nothing is going on might be just as bad. If a person doesn't have any other distractions in their life, they would be more likely to think of me. I want to avoid this.

In summary: 1) What method should I use?; 2) Should I leave a note?; and 3) When should I do it? That's all I need to know.

This information is really important to me. I understand why some would be reluctant to help me out, but—rest assured—the advice might really make a difference and help reduce unnecessary grief."
"i'm tired of looking at this subreddit and crying.  i'm tired of shaking violently when i decide i might post here.  i don't know how to start this.
i'm 25.
i have a gf of 5 years and a 4 year old little girl.  my student aid got fucked up last year and i can't afford to fix it.  work knocked me down to part time and the gf lost her job.  i have -$400 in my bank account, not asingle christmas preste trjsdglkdjSTOp FUKCING JUDGING MEfuck it.

i suffer from severe bouts of anxiety.  i'm terrified to leave my house alone.   i stutter when i have to talk to people I don't know.  i know none of this makes sense but i don't want to do my normal rounds, type a long ass message and delete when i realize that nobody needs to give a shit.  so i'll just keep going.  

i can't sleep.  ever.  i've been up since 4am staring at this page.  i've been repeating this cycle several times a week for a couple years now.  i just want to be happy.  i'm sorry this is as far as i can get.  i have to go get my daughter up, get her ready for daycare, and try to look at her smile without hating myself for being so worthless.   she can do better than me. 

and now i feel fine.  10 minutes of crying later, and i feel fucking fine.  what the fuck is wrong with me.  sooo this is where i delete my post, get up, put on the same faded fake smile i've been sporting for so long now, and go about my day until i lay down, wake up 3 hours later, and sit on here looking for escape.  

i'm not going to delete this one.  i'm not even going to go back and read it, because i know it's gibberish, and i know i will erase it if i see it all.  i don't know what i'm expecting out of this, but i have to start somewhere."
"I know I haven't had it as bad as other people, but I can't find a reason to struggle in the world anymore. For at least the past 5 years I have been trying to deal with my depression and anxiety. I dropped out of school as a result. I've tried meds and therapy but now I just settle with drowning the noise in my head with weed. My mom doesn't agree with my use but it's the only thing I can safely use to keep my mind the least bit positive. 

With every passing day, I'm finding it harder and harder to enjoy things. I don't believe I have a future, I've proven that if I disappear hardly anyone would care, exept the peole who have made me feel like shit all my life. Why keep struggling for their sake? Don't tell me I'm selfish. I've spent my life being a good person, volunteering and helping others, being a good friend, being a good son and brother, but after 20 years of trying to a good person, I still get treated like trash. Nothing has come of it. The moment I decide something for myself, it all falls apart. 

I used to have dreams and passions, but now, what is there? What else is out there? Struggling to pay bills? Struggling to keep food on the table? Watching everything crash and burn around you? How the he'll am I supposed to move on when I have no means to? I just don't understand what would be different. 

We work so hard for such shallow enjoyment. All I want to do these days is sleep. I cant even enjoy listening to music anymore. I sit all day just wondering why I am here... Why we are here. It all just seems tedious. I just want the buzzing in my head to stop. All the worries and anxieties that I fight through, just to maybe get half an hour A day of relief. 

It doesn't help that my mom gets angry when I show any sign of depression. Telling me that she's tired of it. Asking me why I'm ""being that way."" Telling me to be a better brother to a piece of shit who has used me all of my life.I feel owed something for years of lying and keeping secrets for him and paying off tickets but I know I won't be paid back. I'll just keep being labled a bad son and bad brother because after 20 years I'm finally tired of being taken advantage of. I just want it all to end. This. Fucking. Buzzing.

I can't find a reason to put up with this. I know the rest of my life will stay a struggle and I can't find a point. Why should I wait until I hit rock bottom?"
"Dating websites like OkCupid and PlentyOfFish are terrible to me, let me just tell you that right off the bat. I bought the A-list shit and made myself all purdy and never a single message or wink or any shit like that. Just me messaging people and getting blocked a few hours later, it's how it usually goes and was a constant reassurance to how shitty I am. In real life, rejection is like a suicidal ideation trigger. I get turned down and I will try and kill myself unless I introduce a 3rd party substance *(Yeah I self medicate with weed in order to not kill myself, anxiety increased and shit like that, blah blah blah, I know about it already.)*


So I'm looking for people as fucked up as me to talk to and just express my feeling a little. I never have had a girlfriend in real life and I have no family or close friends so no supports. 


I'm an atheist so no religion based websites. Also, a drug addict dating website would also be interesting."
"I have had a taxing year to say the least. I quit my job in June because of back problems that the doctors had not been able to do anything about. At the time I was 7,000 dollars behind on my mortgage because my room-mate and fiance both moved out the previous november(over a year ago) leaving me to pay for a house on my income alone which I could barely afford things when we were all splitting things three ways.

 A family member loaned/gave me $5,000 to pay of my delinquent mortgage payments, but since I didn't have the full amount the mortgage company wouldn't take a partial payment because I was in foreclosure. I stopped that and have been trying to get a modification but in June I quit my job and decided my only shot was to use the money I was borrowed and start a company doing the profession I had been working in for 10 years. Things looked good at first until I landed a couple of big job and had to invest some capitol. What I was afraid of happening happened. Three accounts just decided not to pay(over 10,000 dollars of payments total) and even if I took them to court I wouldn't see the money until long after I am kicked out of my house. My family doesn't come around or call and I know they care but I just don't feel the emotional attachment to them I think a normal person would. 

This month my student loans will no longer be able to be deferred and that is basically going to seal the nail in the coffin for me. I can't even sell my house without losing money and have been a wreck about the whole thing for almost a year now. I am now to the point that I don't care about much anymore. I am on unemployment and am literally starving just so that I can keep the lights and heat on in my house. The only other thing I pay for is the internet because if I didn't have it I'd have nobody to talk to. I can barely even drive my car anywhere because my tags expired in july and I have no way to pay the $200 to get new ones. My insurance just got dropped to for failure to pay so there is also that. I just don't know what to even say to my family about how I can't even afford to pay for gas to come visit over Christmas let alone get my car street legal(which I don't even worry about anymore).

I'm just done. I want the relief of not feeling any of this anymore. I can't even sleep at night because of the horrible anxiety that my dreams cause me. I go to a psychiatrist but I don't think it is helping and it is the only one I can afford($50 every three months, I dont have insurance). I don't really know the point of writing this stuff other than to just tell someone, because I really have no one to tell, as pathetic as that sounds you guys are the closest thing I have to a family at this point of my life. My dogs keep me going day to day but as soon as I can find someone that I think would take them then I don't really have any other guilt about taking care of it. I just don't know how I would do it but I have definitely thought about multiple ways in great deal. I don't really want to create a horrible scene for the person that would have to find me though. The oven would probably be my first choice as things would be painless and not messy."
"i feel alone and lost. i'm in a place where i can't survive if i leave my parents house but i'm beginning to doubt if survive if i don't leave. my parents practically lock me up inside the house even though i'm 22 years old, the concept of having a good time is equivalent to the what strict parents think of having their daughter be a prostitute (i say so only because they repeatedly bluntly say so), i get punished and yelled at, called a whore if i'm ever, ever doing anything other than studying, practicing religion or helping them out with something, even reading a book. they don't accept mentioning anything about ""friends"", my father hits me, my mother was never really a mother to me, long lost hope and gave up on trying to attract her attention or care, and with having them around i don't have the *access* to reach out for help.

the few (2) people that got close enough to me for me to tell them how my real life is at home didn't really help except that i have someone that knows the events that happen, when i Can talk to them.

i've been suicidal for years now, but never seriously attempted. i'm really a hopeful person, maybe cheerful if i have the opportunity to stay away from my parents for a while, i used to need only an inspiring sentence or two to have hope in a better life again. 

but that isn't working anymore. i believe i need to die, now. i believe in hell but even that is not making me hesitate right now. i'm sick of all the mental illnesses and phobias i have that resulted from my parents treatment. i'm sick of my physical condition and my health issues resulting from the depression and the stress and pressure i'm always under, issues that are never treated. i'm sick of all the things i really need and i'm deprived of (heat in winter, clothes, more food) just because i'm not worthy of the costs to them. i'm scared of staying stressed out just because of the health problems that result from it. i'm scared of ever being in a situation where i need anything, a guide or back up. i'm scared of staying in the house and i'm scared of facing the world alone, with no confidence and no external support and having never had guidance or any life experience (when i eventually can leave the house)

i'm so lost that when i'm not thinking about suicide, i dont even know What to think of. i feel like it's the only most peaceful thing to think about. when i stop thinking about suicide i have this weird confused, vague feeling

i used to say that i'm scared of having hope again (each time i wanted to die), but now.. at least i'm not scared of that anymore. i don't even know why i'm typing this. i barely care. maybe because i care about reddit, lol"
"A bit of background and why I'm posting to this sub-reddit.  I'm a 41 yo male, married with two young daughters.  I have a good job, nice home and no financial worries.  I'm happy in my marriage etc etc.  I am close to my siblings and was not abused growing up. I was bullied a lot in high school but that was long ago and mostly forgotten.  Summary, I don't really have anything to worry about.

I'm also being treated for depression which I've suffered with for the last 5 or 6 years (the last two under treatment).  The medication I am on seems to work well (Cymbalta) although I often get the feeling that it has built a wall between me and 'the mess'.  It's as though my conscious, logical self can see through the wall but is unable to feel the emotions that are trapped behind it.  I do however, know that they are still there.  I think about death a lot - every day probably.  I don't want to commit suicide (I would rather live in this state forever than put my family, especially my daughters, through my death), but I do yearn for death.

Now to my question?  I have no real memories of my life.  This is the way it has always been for me.  I can recall some events (father's death etc) but as time goes on memories fade and are basically gone.  Anything beyond 5 years is basically gone.  For example, I was married when I was young but the marriage broke down quickly and was over within a year.  I can't remember my wedding day nor can I remember our honeymoon.  I do however remember small snippets of the breakup.  I remember being at my father's bedside when he died and I think (this one is very hazy) I remember telling him I loved him a few weeks/days before he died.  I don't remember anything else about his illness apart from it's name (lung cancer).  I was 22 when he died.

Both my brothers have much better memories of growing up than me.  They talk about events that happened during our childhood and for the most part they are news to me.

Is anyone else like this?  Should I be seeking assistance re: my lack of memories?  I saw a psychiatrist for a while about my depression but with nothing really to talk about he said that I didn't need to go back unless things got worse."
[removed]
"I've puked up blood in the past but due to disliking doctors since they never seem to properly diagnose me I didn't want to go.  The first time I thought I just coughed too hard and scratched my throat.  Not many days after I got sulfur burps and projectile vomit with a little more blood.   Eventually one day at work after downing much pink lemonade, I started to vomit and I quickly noticed the steady stream of vomit turn blood red.  There was a lot (although I was too dazed to know how much) but it got all over the stall.  After hearing pleads from friends that said I should have gone to the ER at first sight of blood, I decided the next time this happened I would just schedule a doctors appointment.  My girlfriend of over 3 years left me a few days ago, and I wasn't near ready for it.  In the parking garage a few days ago I was feeling so hurt it induced vomit (not much) but I noticed it had some blood in it.  I wasn't paying attention just now and took way too big of a hit of good weed, and coughed up some blood.  I would guess it to be an ulcer.  Well to the point, I'm not scheduling an appointment primarily because I'm so bummed about the breakup. Not exactly a loaded gun, but I think that may be classified as somewhat suicidal.  I've always been iffy on communities like this, but I decided to give it a chance. "
"In 2 months I will have exhausted every option I have and Im afraid I wont have any other choice but to end my life.                  
I cant remember the last time when I was truly happy. I guess I have happy moments when I get high or when I hang out with friends but when its just me Vs my mind I realize that my life is nothing but sad and pathetic.                
I never felt like I belong ""here"", at home, even among my family and best friends. I live in a crappy town in a crappy country where Ive been spending every waking moment of my life trying to leave and start over somewhere where I wont have to put all these masks. Somewhere where I can be accepted for who I am instead of feeling threatened just for being me.               
I blame my ultra-conservative parents for not letting me leave when I had the perfect chance to do so. Seeing my old friends escape this hellhole while I was left behind still brings tears to my eyes.            
I havent eaten anything in weeks. Its been three months since the last time I left my place. I also cut off all contact with almost every friend I had. I would like to leave without anyone noticing and without affecting their lives.              
Ive been spending most of my time lately thinking about killing myself. I wouldn't even think for a second If I figured a ""clean"" and easy way to do it as I already wrote a note (one for my younger brother, one for my ex and one for my parents). The pain is overwhelming and I dont think self medicating or intoxicating myself is gonna make that disappear.                         
My life is a failure and It doesn't look like its going to improve. Ive been trying for almost a decade and I think I finally hit the wall where I have two choices; put a fake smile and carry on living a painful life or end the misery once and for all.                 
I feel like a bag of void and pain.


"
"I have cut myself off from the girlfriend relationship world 10 years ago, which was my 20s.  I am an alcoholic, and I don't care to seek help for it.  I have several physical ailments from hpv to extremely high blood pressure, and I haven't been to a doctor in over 12 years and don't intend to.  My life is in a constant state of pain I believe I have something called triphanophobia, which is a fear of syringes and in advanced cases a fear of hospitals and doctors altogether.  I failed out of college, watched all my friends graduate get married, have kids, buy houses, get great jobs and LIVE.  I feel I have fallen through every crack possible, I live in a friends basement in my 30s...life sucks and every night I pray not to wake up because I don't want my sister to have to explain suicide to my nieces.  If I go long enough without mediating myself she won't have to anyway.  I don't know why I am writing this, maybe because Reddit makes the most sense to me and some redditor may be able to give me some reason to look foward to waking in the morning."
"Even when its raining, its still sunny a few thousand feet up (on top of the clouds).

You want to cheer yourself up then go for a walk in the woods or something involving nature.

You are what you choose to be, if you decide you are an unhappy person then you make it true by believing it. 
Take control of your mind and think yourself happier.
Everyone has ups and downs and the trick is to always aim to get a little higher than before on the ups.

Challenge yourself. Physically and mentally ( http://www.cambridgebrainsciences.com/browse/ )

You are happier if you live in the moment, worrying about past mistakes will get you knowhere. Worry about potential future problems is pointless. Once you get past that one then there will be another one to take its place.

Get up and go do something spontaneous. Dont plan it, just jump on a train, go for a walk. Hell, go chase your cat round the room.

Every step you take in the right direction makes the next step easier.

If you really want to change then I can reccomend some books:

http://www.amazon.com/Way-Peaceful-Warrior-Changes-Lives/dp/1932073205/ Will teach you how to live in the moment and let of of all that crap.

http://www.amazon.com/Einstein-Factor-Proven-Increasing-Intelligence/dp/0517223201/ Follow the techniques in this book and you will get smarter and more creative. Less room for worrying if your playing with some fun new ways to use your noggin.

http://www.amazon.com/Brain-That-Changes-Itself-Frontiers/dp/0143113100/ This book is ABSOLUTE proof that anyone can become what they want. If a woman with half a brain can learn to function in society then you have no excuse.

Dont know if the above will help anyone but if you need to talk to someone then send me a PM. I am quite possibly insane but happy insane and more than willing to share the insanity around.

Also: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Cs-zZ0Qu5Y
"
"Please PM me? perhaps we can chat?
I'm sure other people need you more badly but I seriously don't know what's going to happen.

edit: day 2, dying failed. Gonna speak with my parents tomorrow. And seek help."
"I guess it’s fair to tell my story.

I’m 22 years old. I live with a roommate who has real substance abuse issues and doesn’t always pay the bills on time because of them. I’m in my final semester of college. Or rather, I just finished my final semester of college. 

I’ve been dating the same guy for the last 5 years. We have a wonderful and strange lovestory, but the important part is that he’s always been there for me, like all guys are, in the very remotely there, wants to help, but doesn’t know how to deal with real emotions. That’s a harsh assessment, but it’s true. He’s distant from everything, and suffers from a little depression himself. 

I’ve always struggled with depression. I had a very abusive boyfriend before I met my current boyfriend. I know, it seems like I’ve always been in a relationship, but I like it that way. My parents were millionaires who got fucked by the whole banking crisis. I had to find them the house they rent, or else they would have been homeless. They don’t and didn’t know how to deal with life when money is tight.  My mom gave away my dog for no reason apart from her panic attack paranoia. They are just stupid. Now my dad’s alcoholism has gotten worse, he’s always drunk, my mother’s responses to his issues are tepid at best, and my sister suffered a nervous breakdown and lives at home with them now. My dad is abusive to her, and despite that she’s 19, she can’t move out because she’s incapable of caring for herself.

I miss my real parents, being the people who used to care so much for me when life was trivial because there was enough money. Money doesn’t matter until there isn’t any, that’s so true. I miss celebrating holidays, and now we just sit around this dead carcass of a fake christmas tree and think about the way things used to be. This entire season just reminds me that shit will never be right and I'm a fool for trying.

My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with all the pressure I’m unintentionally putting on him, because my homelife has been decimated. I wanted him to ask me to marry him, so I could abandon these people. I know that’s horrible, and not a reason to get married, and trust me, there are other reasons I want to marry him. I just have felt the pressure of it all and it’s too much. He doesn’t want to marry me yet, he doesn’t think. He’s young, we’re young. I don’t blame him. 

We broke up for a bit last week and I tried to kill myself. It was stupid, painpills and alcohol, but the desire is still there. Life is difficult for me. 

I went to therapy and it didn’t work. I have anti-depressants but I don’t take them. They make it so I feel nothing. My boyfriend doesn’t like me as much when I take them. I have called the suicide hotline, but they didn’t help. Just asked me if I was having a panic attack, told me to calm down, had me go on with my life. Nothing’s fixed, nothing’s better. I’m still under this gigantic lonely rock. I think if I kill myself, my boyfriend will at least move on, be single, be happy for a while. I don’t want to leave him, I love him so much, but I don’t think he loved me anymore.

I don’t have any friends. I live in this weird city, all my friends graduated, where he lives is one of our friends but I don’t want to burden him. I’m so very isolated and alone. 

I don’t have a job, and I’m supposed to move in with boyfriend, who currently lives crosscountry. We’ve lived together before, but because of all the pressure I’ve put on the relationship it seems more uncertain if we’re going to work out. It’s all my fault. I haven’t been fair to him, I’ve been leaning on him, since he’s the only person I can lean on. 
I just don’t want to do this anymore. I don’t think I have it in me. 

Reddit, you’ve been one of my better friends through the last six months of emptiness, so thanks. This isn’t my first self post, but I made a new account anyway. I don’t want to be another goodbye or cry for attention, but I am, so I’m sorry. I just wanted to tell someone. "
But I still want to die. I don't want to deal with my life anymore. I'm lazy. I'm a fuck up. I'm a disappointment to my family and friends. I don't feel love or acceptance no matter what anyone says to me. This life is not worth living.  
"Throw-away account. Too bad really, I like the idea of a space-faring orange.  Also I'm hoping that this is the right place to post this.

Last Tuesday at 10AM one of my college friends killed himself.  I found out last night and have spent the past day helping other people to get the word out to anyone who might want to come to the memorial service.  He left a note, but nobody knows what method was used, who found him, where he did it, what exactly caused it, or anything else.

I am not sure how I feel about this.

Robert was a kid that was told early in life that he had a ""bright future"", that he'd be able to do everything, he was so smart, he could have the world if he wanted it, etc.  Unfortunately his anxiety and his strict religious upbringing forced him into a position that I called ""hamstering"" - for those of you who have ever owned hamsters, guinea pigs, gerbils, rats, or any other kind of ""prey"" species, you know that they will hide their sickness until they're almost dead.  This is instinctual, to keep from looking like an easy target for predators.  He'd been out of work for a year and his unemployment benefits were running out.  He'd been living in an extremely bad part of town (shootings and robberies were very common) with no money, no job, no woman, and nothing to look forward to.

I talked to him the afternoon before he did it.  Our last conversation had to do with bitching about traffic on my route home, nothing serious.  After hearing the news I read back through our chat logs from the past few months to see if there was any sign that I missed.  There weren't any.  We would hang out with each other every other week or so and even then nothing seemed to be wrong.

I don't feel like I'm reacting the way that I should.  I feel resentment towards his parents for not supporting him (at least get him out of the most crime-infested part of the city).  I feel a little betrayed that he wouldn't pick up the god damn phone and call someone.  I also feel a bit sick knowing that on Monday he was still breathing and now tomorrow I'm going to see him laying in a casket.  I feel sad knowing that in 20 years or so I'll look back and wonder ""What if?"".  Finally, I feel anger towards his circumstance, because he was too intelligent to wind up killing himself, alone, in some piece of shit freezing cold house in the middle of the fucking ghetto.  He did not deserve that.

So there it is.  I'm going to his memorial service tomorrow morning and I don't know what to expect.  Last I heard, there are several dozen people showing up.  It's amazing how the news traveled through all of his social circles.  I rarely (never) ""vent"" because typing things out doesn't help anything for me.  Still I could see this bothering me for quite some time."
"See [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/emhu7/20s_man_lost_20s_gf_due_to_cheatinglying_we_broke/) for some background.

Although to give point one on why I'm a total tool, I even lied in an anonymous internet post. The third girl in that post (the one I formerly slept with/whose house I slept at) I actually did mess around with.

The girl in the linked post did end up talking to me after my long letter, but amidst the conversation saying she did miss me and would consider another chance she asked me if I had honestly done anything with that other girl or not while we were officially broken up but still trying to work things out. 

I lied.

Right after I sent such a long message saying how I was changing and I was planning on being honest! Why the hell did I/would I do that?

For those who don't want to wade through all that. I had a great upbringing: wonderful parents and siblings, good friends, no drugs/booze until college, valedictorian of my class, athlete, quiz bowl, whatever all American love Jesus hooray whatever.

Went to college, discovered alcohol. Didn't get too far into it until my senior year, and still managed to graduate summa. Even though I didn't really know anything about alcohol, I was an alcoholic.

I was still good at everything on the outside, but inside I was slowly changing into a horrible person. I started to lie in order to hide my drinking. I started being belligerent while drunk, spending money I didn't have on booze. Typical alcoholic stuff.

I managed to get my master's degree with pretty good grades, drinking very heavily by then. I had some good friends and all, but I didn't realize how much I'd changed for the worse inside because I was able to keep up the facade.

I graduated and got a good job. I found a great girl and started dating her. I had for the most part quit drinking, and things were okay then. Although I still had trouble not just automatically lying to avoid difficult situations. One night I got fucked up, cheated, etc. You can read all that story in the post above.

Anyhow, now I'm jobless, could possibly go to prison, hate who I am because I just cannot seem to be honest or do the right thing. I swear I have prayed to the God I believe in, I've tried to just man up and try change, I've exercised, I've maintained actual sobriety for one-two months, even after being charged with a crime. I did some things I was proud of, but I greatly messed up the lives of two women through my actions. 

I cannot change the past. They are hurt so badly, and I feel entirely responsible for that. I don't want to go to prison. That's such a foolish concept, like it could somehow provide reconciliation or actually make me better. (Of course, it isn't that likely that will happen, but it's still scary...) Really I know if any change can come it's going to come from some other source. 

But I just can't seem to do it. No matter how much I say I will change, if the desire for a drink comes strong enough...I give in. If someone flirts hard enough when I'm drunk....I'll give in. If I do something I'm not proud of, I'll lie to ""get out it.""

I'm just tired of fighting. Look, I know life is great. I love creation; I love good stories and ideas, good films, fun times with friends, music, all kinds of things humans enjoy. 

But I just cannot live with myself. I cannot forgive myself for how badly I've hurt people. And I'm even worse because I still try to cling to those people, particularly my ex, for love, when I know that only makes it harder for her to get over me.

Please don't think this is about her. It's about me, and how I'm a terrible excuse for a human. People change... yeah... I suppose I do believe that. But I have prayed and worked to become a better person, and it just does not seem like it's panning out. 

I'm ashamed of who I am. I'm in a family of saints (not an exaggeration, seriously), and I'm tired of them having to pay my bills, love me despite my problems, and all that. I'm such a burden to them and others.

I just don't see how I contribute positively to anything. I had so much potential for my life. I traded a wonderful career and a wonderful, perfect-for-me woman in for a $15 bottle of booze and a slut. Who the fuck does that and why? 

I don't know why I'm doing this. I feel like I need to commit suicide. I feel like it's honestly the right, logical, even empathetic thing to do. I know people say it's so selfish, whatever. But honestly it would improve the lives of so many people if I died. I'd quit being a whining burden to friends and families; I'd quit tearing up the heart of my ex; I'd quit being an embarrassment to a family that has never even seen the outside of a jail let alone been in one. I'd keep my family from having to support me when I'm unable to get a real job if I become a felon. 

Life is good, but it's just not for me. You only have one chance, and when you've blown it. Why stick around?

The worst thing about it is I'm so afraid to die that I can't even do it! Not only am I coward in life, I'm a coward when it comes to trying to leave it."
[removed]
"I'm sorry for having to resort to anonymous redditors but I really don't know where else to go. The past few months have tested my faith beyond its limit and I've never felt so empty. I recently discovered that my ex-girlfriend, the only person in the world I ever felt completely connected with, cheated on me with two of my best friends. She is the only person who knows how much my alcoholic father fucked me up when I was little and was the only person who convinced me that there was something worth waking up for in the world.

Unfortunately, the issue extends far beyond our failed relationship now because I tried to smother the emotions with vices that are now destroying my life. I can witness the drugs, cigs, and lack of personal concern taking a toll on my health and for some reason all I can do is fuel the process. I know I have no reason to complain- my family is healthy and supportive, I have a 4.0 average at a prestigious college, and I have never lost someone close to me- but I can't seem to shake these feelings of hopelessness and distrust.

I guess this rant is just a shout out for somebody, anybody who can show that life is beautiful and that there is a reason to keep going. "
"I'm not happy with life anymore.  Really, I'm not.  Frankly, I haven't been happy with life since I was born.

Let me explain:

I'm half-Arabic, half-white, born in a Southern Baptist racist Arkansas town.  Ever since I was born (and adopted), just about everyone, including 90% of my white/racist family hated me, just because of my skin color.  The (public) schooling wasn't much better; when my teachers found out that I was a mixed child (which apparently was a social crime at the time), they practically psychologically (and sometimes physically) abused me.  I was a free kill for bullies, too.

I tried to kill myself once in jr. high, but that failed; the gun, surprisingly, jammed.  If it was fate, I didn't care.  Life went on, and I was abused daily by teachers, family members, and students.  Finally, on my first day of high school, a gang jumped me with the intent to actually kill me, but they weren't able to ""finish the job"".  I promptly dropped out and got my GED, and started college at 16 to see if things would get better.  

They really didn't.  I was still that lonely guy who would never get anything in life.  I had friends that weren't really friends; they were the types that would just use me.  I got my first girlfriend in college, who I dated for 2 years until she left me for a woman.  That situation, coupled with other things happening in my life, made me try to take another attempt on my life.  It obviously didn't work.

I tried to finish out college, but my home life was getting worse and worse by the day.  My mother, bless her heart, was trying to force me to be something I wasn't.  I wanted to be a teacher (at the time), and do something in the arts, but she desperately wanted me to be a lawyer like my ""perfect"" older brother.  It finally boiled up enough to where I tried to OD on pills, but I failed at that. 

To finally get away from it all, I moved to Texas with some friends and everything's been going halfway decent here.  I still suffer from heavy, heavy depression but I haven't attempted yet.  That's where the present time comes in, and why I'm posting this:

Today, I was black-balled by financial aid at this college because they gave me the run-around for 2 weeks until the deadline came up.  Basically, they were being as fickle as possible with my paperwork, and then claiming that their systems would magically go down whenever I would try to file my stuff.  I finally got everything in today, and at the last second, they told me that I hadn't declared a major (which I had 2 months prior), so they weren't going to process my stuff.  So that means, the one thing that I've looked forward to for a whole year of living in Texas is gone.  

And frankly, it's got me so depressed that I just don't know if I want to continue this.  My life has been full of abuse and disappointments, and I wonder to myself: What's the point? Really? What is the damn point? =/

**EDIT: Thanks for the sound advice and tips, everyone.  I apologize that I haven't replied much, but I suddenly got very busy with my job and stuff, and I wasn't able to reply.  I'll try and type out a few responses while I have time, but you guys have cheered me up and I'm very appreciative. &lt;3**"
"When I write a long post no one reads it so I'll try to be brief.

I have planned for a while that once my parents have died and my brother is married, it'll finally be okay to leave. When I see these two things getting ready to be fulfilled (at least six months in advance), I'm going to distance myself from friends and break up with the SO if I have one, and get everything ready (buy a gun, whatever else I need to do things cleanly). Under these conditions I'm minimizing the number of people who will be alive to be hurt that I killed myself, minimize the impact on my peers since they won't have been connected with me for a while anyway, and leave my brother with someone to lean on when it happens.

I'm having a really hard time waiting today though, and I'm wondering what I should do if I can't stop myself. I don't really have the means so the plan would be to drive to the nearest tall bridge and dive. I guess I could get really drunk so I can't drive but that seems counterproductive to the goal of not wanting to die.

So should I call a suicide hotline, go to the hospital, what? I think I'd rather die than have the people I go to lock me up somewhere, but if there's someway they could keep me safe until tomorrow that would  be nice. I don't really have anyone to lean on or I would be doing that right now."
"my life was pretty shitty even when I had a job... but getting fired just feels like I was punched in the chest.  I don't even know what to do.  I have no friends, no family, no life... now no job and no more reasons."
"Hello, people of [/r/SuicideWatch](http://www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch).

I'm sorry that you're all here also.

I don't really know where to start with what will no doubt end in some kind of epic rant about my own failings, but what I will say is that I know this part of our community has helped a **lot** of people in the past and due to the season is *incredibly* busy with lots of people wanting and needing someone to talk to about their lives.  I honestly don't know if I have it in me to do anything seriously like, say... kill myself.  I spend more time helping other people than I do considering my own problems, which is probably a good thing.    Hell, in the time it's taken me to write this much I've recieved a text message from a friend who lives nearby who has just fallen *extremely* ill and needed my help for around 30 minutes and I just got off the phone to another friend who called me in tears talking about a rumor they heard.

It's an old story, I know.  **The guy who's there for everyone but nobody's ever there for them.**  Everytime I've tried to explain my problems to someone or just generally vent it always ends with *them* telling *me* their problems before I can finish my first sentence.  Besides this social '*wall*' that seems to be closing around me I've become stuck in a job I **hate** with bosses that are trying *very* hard to make me quit.  My bosses can't fire me directly thanks to a handful of coworkers saying that if I was fired then they would walk away from the job too, since I do more actual work than most people there and I do it pretty well.  The only issue I can think of that would make the upper management of where I work despise me so much is the same reason most of my teachers at school disliked me and that's because I get my work done quietly, quickly and decently and then basically run out of things to do, so to them it always looks/looked like I was never doing anything, even though they had all been told otherwise.  One of the main causes behind me finally submitting here is knowing that for yet another year my Christmas day will involve me waking to an empty house, getting dressed and going to work while pretending to be cheerful to the customers who will *all* say the exact same thing: ""*Well, it's tough luck working on Christmas day, but someone has to do it.*""

I did try to get a better job through studying a while back and did at least get a better offical education than what I had formally, even if I didn't learn anything new.  I was planning on following this studying through to university, but I was told by my father that it would be a waste of time because I'm '*...too old...*' for more schooling (I'm **21**) and that I'd probably '*...just fail it, anyway.*'  Nice guy, I know.  The few chances I've had at bettering myself I've managed to screw up,  mostly due to a lack of **self-confidence** and **self-respect**.  I lost both of those thanks to always having all my plans ruined by outside forces in one form or another.

Anyway, the main reason I'm here is that as a result of working a crappy job I can't afford to leave and generally being screwed over by my employers and my own family, as well as my own ineptitude, I don't feel like I can do anything anymore besides be a mindless '*zombie*' all the time.  I get up, go to work, come home.  Rinse and repeat.  The one outlet I used to have was my martial arts training, but after over a decade of that I can't afford to attend any longer.  I'm just **so tired** of seeing people I knew in school, who were total idiots, getting $60,000 a year jobs in positions I'm at least partially qualified for, unlike them.  They get ahead just because they know the right people and they'll openly admit it.  I **hate** seeing people I know get paid *almost* as much I do for working, just to sit at home and play *World of Warcraft* because they have a slight back pain that comes on once every few months and the government in my country sees no problem with this.  I just can't be bothered with anything lately.  I've even had a few offers of random, meaningless sex in the last months from a few women I know and I can't even be bothered with that.

I don't know what I'm hoping to gain from posting this.  Maybe I just needed a way to vent.  If you've stuck with this post so far, **thank you** for reading the biggest epic tale since *The Iliad*.

Just... *thanks*, for being a great community and helping those who feel helpless."
"I heard this song [Offspring](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5-zw_dTEJQ) and I just broke.

** Warning incoming wall of text! TL;DR: All my pain has hit me today and I am struggling to cope with it, kind words needed.**

This is a cross post from Askreddit sorry. I just need to unload.

I am a long term redditor and this is obviously a throwaway, because I just need to get everything out, so much pain is just flowing through me. I have been talking to friends, but I need to write this all down. Bare with me as my thoughts are scattered.

Maybe bullet points are the way forward:

* Sister died when I was 3, my father threw himself into work and my mother was put on prescription drugs. I ended up being the carer for my mum, helping her through her life of suicidal threats and emotional extremes.


* Bullied at school and never really learned how to fight back, I learned to talk my way out of things, to manipulate I suppose.


* Sexually abused at 12. I reported it but was made to take the stand in court (before child protection) I was grilled heavily and asked questions like ""You asked him to do it didn't you!"" This was/is still a pain in my life.

* Travelled for many years around the world, eventually getting a good job that allowed me to travel too.


* Married a woman I could not have sex with (Vaginismuss I believe it's called). She had a narrow vagina. I helped her through an operation and counselling, but still we could not have intercourse. After a few years I decided to separate, what she did next is still painful to me.

I never wanted children, so she was kind of a safe bet. After we split we ended up sharing a bed one night, she used her hand to bring me off, but what I didn't know is that she took the sperm into the bathroom and using a kitchen syringe inseminated herself. I know this should never be able to work, but my 3 year old daughter is proof that it can.

So my daughter is a virgin birth. My wife had never had sex, nor I with her. Funnily enough after my daughters birth, she was able to have sex, and has done on many an occasion.

Please know that I stayed around for my daughter and I love her with all my heart. She doesn't need to know how she came into this world. I see her every day as much as I can.

* I gave up my career when I married, and the bubble burst anyway, but now I am long term unemployed and struggling like hell. My daughter has presents for Christmas though, but dinner will be a bit sparse, but she never complains, she really is wonderful.

I just got turned down from another interview yesterday.

* I live in an apartment (rented), but I have been finding it hard to fill the other room at this time of year. My landlord has just given me one months notice to leave what feels like my home. I live 1 minute from my daughter. Happy Christmas to me!
  

* I got dumped a few weeks ago by a woman who I loved dearly the day before my 39th birthday.

Sorry reddit, I just needed to release all this pain. I need these tears to flow and release all that I am feeling right now.

""I'm losing the race against myself!""

Although I have some wonderful memories of life and a beautiful daughter today just feels so fucking hard. I have grown so much as a person and I have tried to overcome so much, and yes I have had therapy.

Today just hurts!

Thanks for reading this jumble of thoughts. Happy Christmas to you!
"
"First of all, I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit, but /r/suicide isn't really active so I thought I'd try here.

I just found out today that one of my friend's good friends attempted suicide. She texted me the news when I asked her to hang out with me and some other friends, and she also said that she didn't feel like making much human contact this [winter] break because of it. 

The way she seems to be dealing with it doesn't sound very healthy to me.  I don't know if I should respect her decision and just leave her alone or if I should try to get her to go out and not isolate herself."
[removed]
Just wondering!
"if you know someone who committed suicide, what pushed them over the edge? was it something specific? i have had warning signs for several years and a few attempts, but lately it seems like all the symptoms are coming together and more severely. in my level headed state, this worries me that the tiniest thing could send me into that final depression. i want to know what to look out for. i have a history of repeated childhood sexual abuse, witnessing violence and death."
"I made a post here a few weeks ago after finally working up the courage- but deleted it after realizing I had foolishly not made it on a throwaway account.

Anyway, I've struggled with depression and a couple of suicide attempts (cries for help- which never got noticed/helped because I would cover them up in fear) in the past and I've had a moment of breath. A pause in my life. I was happy for a long time- without any of this bullshit intruding and taking what I had. But tonight I just had one of the worst feelings of my life. I am a homosexual, though it's something I've struggled a bit to accept. I think this is the source of my discontent with my life. I genuinely consider myself a funny person. Very personable, social, and energetic most of the time. But I don't let my real self show a lot of the time.

If all I think about one day in class is my own death- I tell people I'm  tired. If I'm just feeling bitter at the world- I'll tell people that I'm JUST TIRED. The part that bothers me is how often I get these feelings, these days, where I just don't have a single ambition or motive or reason to NOT end it all. 

And then on my good days I wonder... What is it that I'm depressed about? I have plenty of friends, I get along well with my brother (not so well with my parents), I'm not poor, I wasn't molested, I haven't lost something dear to me- WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG?! Why do I want to die??

Tonight. Tonight I just felt so impulsive. I sit here weeping and my hands are shaking- Listening to this Goddamned depressing music. I left a party at around 12:30. It's a 20 minute walk home in the rain-soaked pavement and concrete. And I ran. I ran till I couldn't breathe and I just started to cry. I wanted to fucking stop it all- the pressure, the pain, the emotional distress- BUT WHY DO I FEEL LIKE THIS? I JUST WANT SOME FUCKING CERTAINTY IN HOW I'M GOING TO FEEL TOMORROW. 

I'm so worried that some night I'm just going to break down for no God damned reason and end it all. I don't want to do that- I really don't. I'm sorry that this message is so all-over-the-place. I feel horrible and I haven't talked to my one friend who I usually vent with in months about this kind of stuff."
"I don't really want to die yet, but life is getting more and more unbearable. I've always found life to be weird, difficult, and ultimately unrewarding, ever since preschool, and year after year of rage and frustration has built up. Every little thing sets me off. Sometimes I go through periods when I frequently throw violent rages (every day or every few days), screaming and breaking things. Lately I've entered one of those periods again. This time I haven't broken anything, but I'm screaming.  

When I look ahead to the future, I don't see much that's encouraging, just more work and more of the same until I grow old and die. I've always known this, ever since childhood, when I cried through preschool and tried to rip my own hair out when I was sitting alone at home. Recently I've started pulling my hair again without plucking any, because of the unbearable anger.

I've heard the common suggestions:
 
* Find something you love to do and are good at. Well, I'd like to have lots of money so I don't have to work and live as I please with few responsibilities. As for how to get that money, I don't have any good ideas, and there isn't anything I love to do. The only thing I've really been good at is getting good grades in school, but I did not enjoy the process. 

* Find hobbies. Become part of a community. Been there, done that. I have plenty of social hobbies. Unfortunately, being part of a social activity somehow leads to responsibility, especially when it's part of a club. I haven't been able to find many friends outside of activities like clubs for a particular hobby. Then there's always this talk about how people who are socially active live longer, etc. If I had no stress I would live longer and happier, and active communities cause stress.
 
* Live for your family, have kids, etc. That's just more work, and part of my problem is too much work that I don't how to handle. Plus, I don't particularly like kids, and they'll be stuck in the same world. 

* Live a simpler life. Maybe, but just taking care of basic needs is a huge source of stress.

* Travel. As a timid female with few social skills, traveling to remote locations by myself might not be advisable. I also utterly lack outdoor skills, and developing them would just be another struggle.

_Edit:_ I'm packing for a trip (which is kind of causing me stress, too, even though it's a vacation with my parents, who are taking care of everything else), and I only have less than 6 hours before I leave for the airport. I haven't slept yet or finished packing or washed the dishes."
"I remember when I was 5, every night I used to lay in bed and try to stop breathing so my parents weren't burdened by me anymore. Now, 8 years later, I feel like that all over again.

Throughout my childhood I've only ever had a couple of episodes of intense anger or sadness. I'm a 13 year old girl now, and every night I have this episode of intense anger where I break a whole lot of shit and turn up my music really loud so no one can hear me screaming or anything. It scares the shit out of me. Then I finish up by crying and whimpering on the floor and then usually write a suicide letter before I break the pencil and tell myself I'm being ridiculous.

I don't do it because I feel like I'm fat, or ugly, or any other silly reason like that. I just feel so intensely alone.

The horrible thing is, I go to school and can talk to a lot of people and everything can be normal and jolly and I'll feel fine. Like normal again.

But then I get home and want to punch the walls in, then go and drink way too much of my parent's alcohol and lay on the ground wanting to die from alcohol poisoning.

My grandma had bipolar, which scares me a little because they say it's genetic. Then again, I never experience euphoria or intense happiness. It's either moderate, or smashing things and wanting to die.

Is there something gravely wrong with me?"
"Sorry if this is long, but if there is only 1 person out there who reads this and it helps them, then I think its worth it.

I'm a 21 year old, 4th year University student. Getting to this point has been a struggle that I look back at everyday to remind me to move on. I moved from 3 different countries between the ages of 8-18, 2 different middle schools and 2 different high schools because my parents needed to find jobs. This has made me lose connections with a lot of my friends and basically made my life isolated. But I have definitely learned to share a lot with new people I’ve met in University.

I used to be bullied a lot in my new schools, I was overweight when I was 9 years old because all I really did was stay home afraid of going outside. There was really no one other than my father to help me get through some of the pain. But even he could not help me change the way I was living. I was getting to a point where, as funny as it may sound I was literally eating myself to death. So how did I get through it? I decided to play basketball through my entire 4 years of high school, every single day, 6 hours a day just playing and not caring about anything else. I’d literally play from right after school 3pm to 9pm at night. After a year or so not just my body, but my entire attitude changed. I would go to school and those kids who used to bully me tried their best to hide the past.

Now you might think “wow is he really telling me ‘basketball’ saved his life?” No. It wasn’t basketball or whatever activity I may have done to make me feel good about myself. In fact I am still depressed by many things that go on in my life like the fact that I’m in huge debt because of school, the fact that my parents work like dogs but society doesn’t give a fuck about them. The only thing that has changed for me is the way I approach my life. It is the fact that I didn’t want to just sit around and let society destroy me. I didn’t just want to stay at home, then go to school and take any of the bullshit. We live in a very fucked up world, I don’t think anyone disagrees with that. But there are people out there like you and me who know this, there are people out there who want to change things. And for me personally, if that means I have to work my ass off, I’d rather do that then suicide.  I would rather fight back and try and change things even if it just makes small difference. We are not alone in this world, I realize there are people who go through worse shit than I do and even though that may be separate, it really isn’t. The same people who used to bully me as a child are now cutting jobs and profiting off of other peoples livelihoods.

Whether this has helped you or not, just remember, there are more people out there who share your struggles than you might think. Life in this society is a fight, please don’t give up on that fight, do whatever you can to change your situation even if it’s a small change. Please don’t end your own lives, what is the point? The only thing that happens is that this fucked up society wins and I don’t believe it has a right to take our lives from us.
"
"I constantly have suicidal thoughts, but, I am not afraid of committing suicide because I know these are just thoughts and I have never acted upon them. However, that does not mean sometime in the very, very distant future it isn't possible. I have been betrayed by everyone I know and I am my own worst critic. Being your own worst critic is the ultimate double-edged sword. I have no ability to trust. Obviously, I must trust certain things with trivial information such as reddit. I am separate from my emotions, enumerating them is very difficult. I don't mind valid criticism at all. If you actually want to help me please have the majority of your argumentation grounded in logic. If you don't want to help me that is fine too because people bashing others in suicide themed threads amuses me as well. I would like to talk to someone on skype if possible as I greatly lack profound social/emotional intelligence.

Some potentially helpful ""facts"":

on 300mg of wellbutrin/ 2mg of xanax daily

male
mid 20's
lives in a metropolis in the united states
was abused severely by parents


If I'm missing anything let me know.

Thank you! :)


"
"Hey Reddit, I guess it's time to basically come to the light and talk about what I'm just putting off. I'm a 15 year old kid- decent looking kat, never have been the guy who is picked on. Not to sound arrogant but i have always been told that I'm the type of kid that can make it big, and ever since I can remember, I've always thought outside of the box.

I grew up in some really bad surroundings with a crappy father. My father is the guy that always blames his failure on an incident or traumatizing event. He's never worked and basically what he does is smokes pot all day and neglects me. My Mother will always back up my dad, and is always a biased decision. I am treated as if I were 6 when I have proven to both of them that I can survive on my self without their help.

Now, I can only see my self doing one thing, and that's music. I play guitar, drums, and I rap, but my pops says it takes to much room and it always leads to something to be cleaned up. We have the space now, but my Dad is just to mentally invested in the idea that everything is work. I can't express myself because to be blunt; my dad's an idiot. Both my parents are easily deceived, my dad paranoid to the max . Thinking that everything I DO, will somehow lead to his arrest.

I'm generally in AP(even though I'm a Freshman)and honor classes. I don't open up myself, due to me being scared of getting emotionally invested and hurt. I don't fit into school, not because I'm an outcast but because I feel that I'm ahead of my pact. I don't care on going to raves and popping ecstasy pills. I don't like going to the malls, and getting the latest Jordans that come out. I look for a serious relationship, when chicks just want a fling.

And to be honest, life just seems like a drag. What's the point of all of this? The first 18 ( or 22-26 if you go to uni.)  years of your life are supposed to be fun. But then what? Your supposed to work to to the bone until your 60's-80's, while the government is leaching off your ass? I don't see the point of living all I'm gonna be doing is the same thing everyday? Nothing in this life seems to be worth the trouble. Everything seems so repetitive, and nothing seems fun anymore.

A year ago, my best friend from grade school died. And to be honest, a HUGE chunk me went with him. I'm taken advantage off so much, not because I'm foolish and don't see it but it's because I'm the NICEST guy. And when they say ""nice guys finish last"" it's the biggest lie fed.

Suicide is on my mind, but I've never attempted..



"
"I don't know if anyone can relate with me on this one. I started taking Wellbutrin a few months ago. I realize that one of the side effects is more vivid dreams, but now I just have nightmares.. almost every night. Last night I dreamed that I shot someone and felt horrible, horrible sadness the rest of the dream. The recurring ones I have are of me escaping some kind of crazy facility with people chasing after me, but they vary. It's really debilitating to say the least. Waking up is the worst part of my day.. I just lay in bed still recovering from what happened, usually with a massive headache, and then I end up falling back asleep, sometimes into the same nightmare. 

One of my friends thinks it's the Wellbutrin that's doing this to me, but if it's just enhancing my dreams, doesn't the problem lie with me? How do I even go about fixing this? Do I just have to live with it? I tried taking a month off of Wellbutrin in October.. and I felt like I lost a ton of the progress I made. I had no energy, I would spiral into terrible mindsets with no way out, I was a huge dick to everyone... took me at least a month to get back to where I was before I stopped. I don't know if I can stop taking it.. I don't think I have the support systems necessary to prop me up through that. It works better than Celexa ever did.."
"I am a shy 62 year old man (weird) who was emotionally destroyed by psychologists nearly 40 years ago and find that every day is full of pain and suicidal thoughts. My thoughts are full of horror and ugly violence and I cannot talk to people very well at all, I do not have anything in common with them and am too bashful to approach them. As I am in the UK, talking to people is a waste of time anyway, The British are not friendly at all and will reject you, it is their default social setting. I just find getting through the day an enormous struggle and am getting very tired of just keeping on keeping on for no reason at all and do not know what I can do. I have been like this all my life and find people just do not care one little bit. I am scared of dying and pig sick of living, what can I do? "
"I dropped out of a PhD program in June (having a BS in Math), and haven't been able to find work since. I have had very little motivation, and it's all made worse since being this depressed has sucked out all of my creativity (surprisingly, it takes a lot of creativity to solve problems and be analytical). I have a job interview tomorrow--the second round--but I am too depressed, disinterested to go. I don't know quite why I did this, but I already sent him an email explaining why after further thought the position isn't right for me. 

 I live with a good friend, but haven't been out of the house in weeks other than to cycle around (I'm getting good, consistent exercise) or get a cup of coffee in the morning. I'm keeping up my sense of humor, but when I am alone to think things are the darkest.

Today I wept, curled up on the floor, for an hour, with the TV on so no one would hear. This happens often. I can't sleep for the many thoughts that keep me up. And when I finally fall asleep, I never want to wake up; I try to keep my eyes closed as long as possible in the morning. Lately I have been waking up, only to fantasize what it would be like to sleep forever. We don't really know when were asleep. Being asleep is the same as temporarily not existing. I find it quite comforting. Of course, the logical conclusion is that I would find death comforting, an escape from this feeling, and the best part: I would never know. 

I haven't done anything to act on this, but I do find myself fantasizing about feeling nothing for the rest of eternity. I'm just afraid this will turn into something more and maybe I didn't have all of the facts. "
"My life isn't really going well. No direction, no motivation. So sad and depressed about it. It's not like I'm stupid so I don't understand why I can't get things done.

My bf and I went out for almost 5 years but recently broke up. I don't feel all that upset because we both saw it coming but I think I'm upset more than I think I feel.


I used to be such a cheerful person, always loved hanging out with people just talking and chilling. Or go out and actually do stuff. But I rarely go out of home now. I'd go for weeks without setting my foot outside. I miss my old me. I recently hung out with some people and the whole time I kept thinking how tired I was and then I just wanted to go back home. Home is not where I want to be 24/7. How can I find old me.


I just wanted to rant. Thanks for listening."
"Every thirty minutes it feels like I'm thrown against a wall and mentally hear a voice screaming, ""You don't deserve to exist, just kill yourself."" I remember my father, how he was mentally stronger than I, yet still lost to his depression and committed suicide. I remember how our very last interaction was an asinine argument. I feel guilty, like my very existence is a grave crime which is punishable by the death penalty. Even knowing how much suicide damages others, I can't keep myself from feeling this and contemplating suicide, which only serves to deepen my guilt. I feel like an existentially guilty pseudo-intellectual who is fundamentally a burden. Therapy doesn't help nor does medicine. I'm so tired of these trials."
"I’m a 20 year old male. Sexually abused when I was 6. My parents are extremely restrictive (not allowed to watch tv/socialize). I have kept to myself since young (socializing is very uncomfortable), and find living boring and depressing, so much so that I feel positive about ending my life. 

I have been seeing a psychologist for a few months, but stopped because I found it pointless. I want to straighten out my life and forget the past, but was unable to convince myself despite posting here 7 months ago."
"I'm about 100% sure I have avoidant personality disorder. My parents sent me to a shrink after busting me with a pound of weed that I was selling and put me on paxil, I'm pretty sure I had what would be described as a panic attack while on it and just stopped going. This was 3 years ago, I've made at least two attempts to tell my family that I have a serious problem, they tell me to try harder. As long as I can remember I've been labeled as shy and quiet, its a known family story that I never cried when I was a baby and every single comment from a teacher all the way back to kindergarten states that I should participate more.  

It doesn't help that I come from a 1st generation set of asian immigrant parents who are very successful and supportive of my apathy. I've been intelligent and congenial enough to cruise through school and life with mediocre grades (currently my last year of university), but I've slowly been withdrawing more and more since junior high. Growing up my parents have always reminded me how fortunate I am that I don't have to worry about money issues while simultaneously drilling it into my head to find a job with security (insurance, benefits). They also constantly remind me about the hardships they've been through to achieve what they have and how lazy and lucky I am. As long as I can remember I think to myself I don't deserve the life I've been born into. To be fair, they've never pushed me too hard like I've seen with other asian parents, and kind of let me do what I want since I never got into trouble, never gave them trouble, am very polite and considered to be the good son. What is crippling me is my unexplainable behavior to just not do things. I've never had a close nit group of friends who do things together, instead I have a few long term individual friends, whose friends I never get along with, or they never get along with each other. As a result of getting older I only see them here and there for a movie or meal, this is the extent of my social network. I go to a business school and have made ZERO connections, I go to class and immediately come home, people from class invite me to hang out all the time, I make up an excuse and go home to do nothing but regret what I've done, this is a cycle that has been going on for more than 10 years. My grades have slipped considerably, and although I am not failing, I can't bring myself to do things like register for graduation (which is now pending cause I missed a school payment, even though my parents literally gave me their credit card to just pay for school). I catch myself lying constantly to cover up simple responsibilities. I'm 23 and I don't even have a driver's license. I've started driving lessons with two different schools twice within this year at the request of my parents and just stop going right before my final lesson to set up the driving test appointment.  

I look at myself and see a non-functioning waste of resources. I've been given every opportunity and every advantage an individual could receive and do nothing with it. My childhood friends have moved on with their lives becoming doctors, starting businesses and families, and I can't even bring myself to create a resume this late into my educational pursuit. My family loves me dearly, but are crazy judgmental and staunchly traditional. They know it's unusual and concerning the amount of time I spend at home alone, but love the fact that I am around all the time. I've known since I was 12 that I was gonna have a problem adjusting to life with the way I operate, but kinda just shrugged it off thinking things would work out, by high school it was becoming more apparent that I was giving up control. I've already rationalized hurting my family with my actions, they have so much and are strong people, if anything my death will most likely help bring more fortune to those more deserving as my family would no longer have to worry about my situation and probably donate whatever funds they have saved for me for better causes. I've traveled around the world and seen the diversity of life and turmoil and my parents taught me how to see ahead and in the grand scheme of things, how can my life of compliant apathy and wastefulness be worth any more than someone who is fighting desperately to live and yet starve to death. I can't explain it because its probably the irrationality of my disorder, but I'd rather die than explain all of this to my family and see the look of disgust on their faces. I told them about my depression before and the look that they gave me only deterred me even more.

I've already tried to give my life more purpose by helping non-profits which resulted in me abandoning a project I had with an autistic kid. I had missed a deadline so I basically cut contact to avoid confrontation which added to my depression."
"It's been almost four years now that I've felt depressed, my entire life as a teenager has been me trying to deal with thoughts of worthlessness, unending loneliness, and suicide. I have no way of judging how badly my depression is anymore, I just know that I've been imagining shooting myself for three and a half years now, every day, and I've never felt as lonely and pathetic as I have the last couple weeks. It's always come at night, the guilt and the pain and the unbearable loneliness, but now it's always there. It's noon now, and I feel like I'd be crying if my family wasn't home to see me.

Logical arguments only seem to ever make me worse, there are only two thoughts that ever comfort me, hearing a girl tell me that she loves me and that everything's going to be okay, and shooting myself. Of the two, I've become literally convinced that the latter is a more likely occurrence, despite how much of a coward I am.

I feel completely worthless, unlovable, and at times, evil. And if I can think of any redeeming qualities of myself then I instantly remember that it doesn't matter because I have literally no social interaction with other people my age, and that I can never feel normal no matter what happens. I can't watch TV or read books that I haven't read before now because they always make me feel stupid and worthless, whether it's a comedy or an action movie or god forbid ""coming of age"" stories which guarantee that I'll want to shoot myself afterwards. There have been a couple moments that I've actually tested an extension cord to see if I could hang myself with it, and thinking about how easy it would be to overdose on my mom's medication or drown myself in the bathtub. I don't want to die, but the pain is just too much, and I have nowhere to go. Any time I feel better it only lasts for twelve hours and it's gone. I'm hopeless.

Please, somebody help me, I just want to feel human again."
[removed]
"I posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/eon62/reddit_im_failing_all_four_of_my_community/) in AskReddit last night. I told my mother today and she was shocked speechless and I went off to see my friends. When I returned she had told my dad over the phone and he apparently was enraged and demanding I call him. My mom is also extremely angry. I understand why. I plan on getting a hotline number and driving out tonight and calling them and if they and you can't help me, I'm just going to finish it. I don't want to live anymore.

**EDIT:** I spoke to my mom. She seems tentatively okay with the idea of me going forward and doing whatever I want, whether that be a different school, full-time work, or something else. However, she is still very disappointed and embarrassed and I still haven't spoken to my dad. If I know my mom, she'll claim she's okay with this and then lash out again at a later date."
"This is mostly a rant to get out some of my frustrations - not really expecting much advice.

I'm 26, and have been unemployed for a year and a half.  It was my choice to quit my last job, and I never had any motivation to finding a new one.  In fact, it was my intention that I would use up the remainder of my money and kill myself.

I now have $800.  That's it.  I'll have enough to get through January, and maybe pay for February's rent if I get money for Christmas.

I know I *should* be out looking for jobs, but I don't have any hope about things.  To me, it seems like I'm essentially unemployable.  The only jobs I can probably take now are minimum wage jobs - and I'll have to stay at whatever job for a while.  

I'll still have a few big gaps in my employment history, and will have been out of my field for a few years.  In that respect, going to college was kind of a wasted effort.  My degree doesn't seem to matter much if I don't have the discipline to actually hold down a job.

When I quit a year and a half ago, I had just gotten so miserable and depressed.  Some parts of the job, I enjoyed.  I wasn't given a lot of work, though - and my boss made it very difficult for me to do anything else while at work (couldn't browse the web, have a book or crossword puzzle, etc.).  All of that has made me not want to work again, knowing I'll just end up being miserable again.  That's almost inevitable to me.  Outside of work, I don't know if there's really anything that makes it all bearable.

My depression's been getting worse the past few weeks.  Thoughts of suicide are increasing, although they've been with me in some degree since I quit my job (and a few other times in my life).  I think about how I could do it... or even if I could.  As I keep thinking about my lack of finances, I start realizing I won't have any choice."
"A month ago i was almost hit by a drunk driver, resulting in me slamming my car into a tree, it skid, broke my arm, and the nerve. My left arm is paralyzed, my car was destroyed, and i got nothing for the scraps. i have about 40k in medical bills, and dont do anything but smoke and watch netflix due to the fact i can barely stand up from the pain. i'm out of work for 3 months, and have no way to any of my bills ive been on  painkillers and i just want to end it, i feel lonely and like no1 cares. a have about 40 percs, i dont know what to do, and this only seems like the only way out..."
"I typed out a whole personal history but then the keyboard's tendency to activate alt and ctrl commands without touching either key resulted in its deletion.  

Suffice to say, I don't know what to do with my life and can't imagine a positive future from my current path, but also don't feel like I'll have a choice about this future because the path will keep me on it due to the unbeatable advantages of staying the course.  I'm 22, in grad school doing a master's in an environmentally related science, have a feminist conscience that makes me want to achieve positive things for women (ie not be a secretary or housewife or other stereotypically female job) and always liked humanities better but pursued science because it seemed like a better idea.  Had planned on going on to be a professor (after PhD) but have doubts now.  Socially awkward/shy, so don't feel confident about networking/spotaneous career orchestration (ie without a plan working toward).  Don't want a life that is meaningless or unsatisfying, but feel like I'm heading that way and can't do anything about it.  

Edit: Wanted to add a bit more detail about why I feel constrained, but crap the keyboard got me again.  I need to figure that out but this is a borrowed computer.  Basically the reason I feel trapped is that I want to minimize the elimination of potential options, which results in taking the safest, most vulnerable path (the path that would be eliminated by pursuing other options).  So any deviation from this path is risky because while that path is potentially highly unsatisfying, it is also better than many other possibilities, and never precludes the other options.  So here we have another case of cowardice on my part in not taking any risks.

Edit: So I was thinking about this scenario and when I tentatively ""decided"" to myself to not continue with a PhD, it was like a weight was lifted.  I thought to myself, I can do anything I want at that point!  I'm not tied down or limited or anything and I don't have to worry about the long-term longevity because I can change jobs relatively easily.  I think that I'm likely to waver on this, feeling that getting a doctorate would be more impressive, and thinking of the fun and rigor of doing research/being a scientist, but I will try to remember the feeling I have now and hopefully make the right choice when it comes down to it.  This kind of thing is why I don't think I'm depressed as such; I think I just have a weight on my mind.  I also put entirely too much weight onto the opinions and perceptions of others, and should try to avoid that.  So, thanks for the input, there were lots of helpful points said.

Advice?"
"Background: 24 male, college graduate, have a great business that I built on my own.  I currently make 60k/year partners with an old friend from childhood... and we only work about 10 hours a week (can work more to make more if we want... just haven't had the need for more money).  This is over the computer too, so I've been traveling around the world, seeing interesting things and meeting some very cool people.  I've always had good friends, never had much trouble with girls, and my family, while it has its problems, isn't that bad.  Basically I do whatever I want, whenever I want and my life *should* be really good.

On the surface I might appear really happy to most people.  But for some reason *most* days are really hard to get through.  Maybe once a week the idea of suicide pops into my head.  I used to think that I'd never act on it - and I still think I really won't - but what the fuck?  I mean really, there is nothing wrong with my life compared to most other people and yet I am so goddamn unhappy.  I can be out with an attractive, fun and genuinely nice girl.  We could be doing something fun like riding around on jet skis on a tropical beach and I am still unhappy.  Is this some kind of brain chemistry problem?  It seems to be getting significantly worse the older I get - I'd say I first noticed it around 17 or so."
"So I just recently turned 18 and my parents just started considering throwing me out.  I've always been the good kid...I don't do drugs, I don't drink or smoke, I get good grades (private school), I play sports, etc...but I don't think I can take it anymore.  I realize these seem like trivial things to many of you who are much worse off, but for the first time in my life, suicide looked like the best thing that I could do.  I am scared of being alone really.  I don't have many friends and now my parents who I love so much are thinking about abandoning me.  There has always been a promise in my life that my college would be payed for, but it just came to my attention that this might not happen.  I do not have much money and I am at a boarding school so a job would not be possible until the summer.  I am scared that I will be lost without a job, a home, or anybody else.  I love my parents so much that I am scared of losing them too.  My mom had cancer about 5 years ago and that was scary enough for me.  I understand that there is so much left in my life but right now it just doesn't seem worth any of the pain I am feeling right now."
"This is not my world, my universe; I am but a visitor here, my time drawing to a close.  I love this world.  Its beauty, its sadness.  I love its laughter, its tears.  I have cherished every moment of my short time here.  Leaving is a bittersweet gift.  I will never forget the adventures I’ve experienced, the light, the joy, the pain.

I have found in this world so much fire, so much love.  Every one of you is a star, brilliant unlike anything any of you can possibly imagine.  I have so much hope for you — we all do — for each and every one of you.  Someday each of you will awaken the star burning in your breast and join us in the next world that awaits all living things.

I love each and every one of you, and I’m truly sad that my last days have arrived so swiftly.  There is so much more to explore, so much more to experience, so many secrets to learn (and, perhaps, to tell).  I will miss you all.

(And, you, silly girl, you I will miss most of all.)

When I am gone, shed not a tear.  This body, this mind, this life, is nothing but an empty shell.  The soul of fire and eternal light that lives within still, and for always, burns; bright upon bright, light within light.  Beneath this shell is something you cannot yet imagine, yet that you will someday become.  This world is illusion, and beyond this world is another, a universe of light without shadow, without end.  That world is my true home, and — when you are ready — yours.

We will all meet again."
"I'd studied damn hard for a nursing degree, and the market is oversaturated with nurses. I quit a nursing job I hated a couple years ago thinking I could get another one, but without experience it is impossible to get one anymore.  I'm forgetting what I even learned. I am so sad. I got the degree because I had no confidence in getting any jobs and wanted a market that had tons of demand, and now there is no demand and people I know that didn't go to college are more successful than me.  I'm smart but I can't sell myself or find creative ways to make money, so I'm not that smart.  What do you do when there is no hope? I have suicidal thoughts really often, and obviously hiring managers can pick up on that vibe even when I try to hide it with fake cheerfulness. There's good days and bad days and this is a bad day."
"I'm having a night where I need to be productive and help people out somehow, so if you're in need of a sympathetic ear, hit me up :) I have aim, skype, msn, email, any way you wanna talk. Hell, I'll even call you/you can call me. "
"Hi SW, after an attempted suicide I was sent to a doctor who is supposed to help me. I am now on a anti-depressant which has helped me a little bit, but it feels like it is just a mask. And now that I have this therapist who is here to support me, I feel like I should be doing something more than just going in every month and getting a new prescription. What can I talk to him about in order to help him work with me to get me back on track to happiness?"
"This is really hard to write because I'm actually more confused than anyone. I don't really feel like committing suicide but everyday I begin to think about it more and more. In my head I think that I would never do it because of the people around me but sometimes I really think ""whats the point? It won't matter once I'm gone"". At first the thought just came by for a few seconds but now I spend at least a little time every day thinking about suicide. Every Time I see my pull up bar I imagine how easy it would be to hang myself right then and there and it's starting to scare me because every day I think about it more and more. It seems the more and more I think about life the more depressed I get. I come from a very dysfunctional family (only live with my mother now) and it scared me to death thinking I could have my own family to mess up one day.
 All my life I felt like there's a way I want to live but it devastates me that I can't do the things I want. I'm really afraid to do anything because I feel like I can't do anything well. To be truthful I do feel like I can be better than anyone else if I could take control but every time it seems to just fail. 
I hate more than anything to be alone. I have the most amazing friends in the world but I don't want to tell anyone anything because I'm afraid people wouldn't like me if they knew I was depressed all the time and I'm afraid they would leave me.  Everyone knows me as the bright and optimistic kid who never shuts up so it's hard to tell someone the entire truth like "" yeah I'm having a hard time"" ""yeah rents fucking 3 months due"" ""no I didn't break up with her but she broke up with me because she wanted to screw other dudes"". I notice I lie a lot just to cover up sometimes and it kills me. I just really really wish I had someone to tell the entire truth to. To be honest I don't even know why I'm posting. I don't know what I want from posting this. Sorry if i sounded like whiny little kid I just wanted to tell someone.  Sorry if I wasted your time. "
I don't even know why I'm posting this... If I really want to die why don't I just go ahead and fucking do it already. 
"Yesterday I walked 9.1 miles in 20 degree weather with no coat. In the middle of oncomming holiday traffic. I had two police cars and a fire truck swerve to miss me. No one stopped, no one honked.

Every time someone would come close I would hope the person behind them didn't see me. Any time a car was moving fast enough I stepped out. No matter what I did I couldn't get a car to hit me.

A friend found me in a snow bank after searching for a few hours. I don't remember much other than the world turning beneath my feet. It felt good to be so totally carefree, playing chicken with cars, no longer caring if they hit me.

My legs are in terrible pain from the attempt, but I fear I may be back out on the road to try again today or tomorrow. I'm an intelligent person, but there is simply no way out of the life I've been given. I've met people who say I'm living their dream. Why can't they live their dream and let me get out of it?

I haven't eaten any solid food in four days. I don't feel hungry. Unfortunatly there are NO social services such as food stamps for a single guy that doesn't take medication and has no problems. Help doesn't exsist.

I've got a feeling I'm about to go back to the road, but wanted to talk to someone before I did. Meh."
"This is a bit long so feel free to skip but I have to let this out.  

I've been coasting through life for some 37 years now.  The child of two parents that hate each other and pretty much abandoned me to their SOs (my mom's boyfriends used to abuse me then i moved to live with my dad, who's wife emotionally tormented me for years).  

I'm 37, gay, painfully lonely and just don't want to live anymore.  I take clonapin and smoke pot to try to get to sleep at night because I obsess over everything.  A little background is that I recently moved from a job I took in Chicago in 2007 which i was laid off from within 10 months.  I'd left a decent-paying job in California to do this.  It destroyed me financially and left my self-confidence in tatters.  

I don't think I have anything to offer anyone.  I'm tired all the time...even though I managed to get another job back in California, I'm still very alone.  I have a difficult relationship with my family (dad was never really there, stepmom resented me for being someone else's kid and I have to admit I moved in with them with a lot of emotional, physical, and sexual abuse issues at the age of 11, of which she was ill prepared to handle).  

I have friends I suppose...but you know, people say they are there for you, but it's not like anyone ever reaches out to me.  I'm usually the one to do that, and after a while, I just feel sort of desperate and lonely.  

I've never had a meaningful relationship in my life.  I don't know if I'm even capable of it, and certainly being gay makes that significantly more difficult.  Added to that, I have an aversion to sex (it doesn't do much for me to have sex with someone else...I never really great about it...I don't really enjoy it) and I just feel like I'm broken inside.

I have no way to connect with people around me.  I get frustrated really easily.  I'm on medications (Lexapro as well), and it seems to be working on some level...I mean, the emotional rollercoaster ride isn't quite as jarring, but it's still rough. 

I spent my life working as hard as I can to put myself through college (stepmom refused to help pay, and charged me rent in the summers so they could pay for their country club fees...dad didn't know...), to see my career basically dead end.  I've been stuck in the same role and title for 7 years now...the only thing I have in my life is work, and even in that I'm failing.  I wasted my college degree in engineering to move into the games industry and have found it to be utterly unfulfilling for me, but nothing interests me anymore.  The things I used to love, I just have no interest in.  

My mom only ever calls me when she wants something...there was a stretch of about 15 years where we didn't even talk.  I tried to reengage her, but ultimately became her therapist because of her own misery, and I'm afraid that I've become just like her.  

I've lived most of my life thinking I wouldn't live to see old age, convinced that there would be a time when suicide is the only freedom I would have from this isolation I feel.  There's a strong part of me that wishes I had some terminal disease to end the heartache that exists in me.  I don't know how to love others, I don't know how to love myself.  I don't talk about it with friends much because I know it'll turn them off.  I've spoken to MANY therapists, taken many different (prescribed) meds, and nothing seems to help me fill this hole inside me.

I see my friends go on to great success in their lives, career, relationships, family, etc...and I'm still just...surviving.  My 3 years in Chicago didn't help me much, since I was underemployed the entire time...lost my home, destroyed my finances, everything.  

I serve no value to anyone...I worked so hard to achieve what little success has come my way over the years, and it seems all so precarious.  I'm terrified I'm going to lose my job every single day, that I'm not on top of things, and admittedly, I haven't been all that motivated of late to show my value.  I'm broken inside and there's nothing anyone can do, myself included, to fix this.  "
these are my problems [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/eq0yz/reddit_i_need_some_serious_helpadvice_the_end_all/)
"Dear members of the Reddit community of /r/suicidewatch,

2 months ago I lost my cousin and my best friend to suicide.  He was living with me when he decided to take his life and it is still very hard to come to terms with the fact that he was so sad and that nobody had any idea and could not help him. This will be our first Christmas without him and while I know that he is at peace and is no longer struggling with his pain, it will be one of the hardest moments that my family will have to deal with. He was an amazing young man who could brighten any room with his smile and his warm heart.  I wish I could have shared his love with the world.  


I would like to tell everyone here that I am thinking of you this Christmas.  I am sending love, and good wishes, and hope for everyone who has lost a loved one or who may have lost themselves. 

Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays.

Yours always,

Lady_Rugger"
"I lurk here with my main account and I figured hey why not make a trash account to post my story.

Where to start... my dad always kept to himself when he got out of work or any other function, my mom was always busy with work. While they gave me attention and hugged me enough as a child they never fully socialized me. So around me while people had playdates and later hanging out and real dates I was a bit behind. In 7th grade I realized that hey I am different and not in a good way. So I lied to myself and blamed my parents for a long time until the end of 9th grade (I'm in 10th grade; sophmore year, almost 16 years old). Yet not too much progress had been made. I was depressed and apathetic from the sheer amount of depression. I lost a lot of my emotional abilities. I was a wreck. I began to go to a therapist who I am still seeing now. She helped clear my social anxieties and I can now hang out or go anywhere without an inner voice afraid from the years I wasn't socialized as a child. Now I have a girlfriend but I have never felt more alone.

I never feel alone when I talk to people about my emotions and clear them up. I feel normal when I am talking to people in a normal environment about normal things. Yet a lot of people I talk to I don't want to overwhelm daily, 24/7 with all my burdens. From people online, to this one friend of mine (who is an introvert herself but accepts it), and I would never dare share with the rest of my friends. Ever since my girlfriend had a party this past weekend and I recently got Facebook (parents lifted their ban on it) I have never felt more alone and more toying with the idea of death, never felt more paranoid or depressed. This isn't the depressed, extreme want of death where its a burning sensation, just wanting for you to die and praying you die in your sleep. This is rather a thought out philosophical argument in my head, with each part of myself trying to reason.

(Note I don't actually hear these voices but just to put a face on my different conflicting thoughts fighting inside me I will give them names)

The Reaper tells me to die, to find some method. I have off tomorrow and no one else in my family does. I can easily get up when they leave, take a bunch of pain killers, then slit my wrists in the bath tub. The Reaper embodies all my loneliness, reminding me how much I've worked and yet so much I still probably have to work. I know that I won't accept the life of an introvert so the Reaper says to embrace eternity and posthumously become a star. The whole becoming a mini-celebrity after death stems from the death of a classmate of mine. He died of cancer but yet some people acted like it was their fault. He got a god damn statue in his honor at my grammar school, a picture in memorium, an award, and his name etched in eternity through words of people. People say suicide is selfish but the reaper disagrees.

Then I have the extrovert in me I'd like to call Tyler Durden. Tyler is fearless and let his amazing ability show at my girlfriend's party. He was able to easily befriend a few people despite being behind. Tyler is the part of me that activates when I'm around people and in a good mood. He is confident and that confidence makes me glimmer with charisma and eases my face, making me better looking. He is the part of me that allows me to make people laugh with ease and does things other people wouldn't dare to do. He is an embodiment of what I want to be; happy in my confidence and swimming in the friends and followers (not literally in my case) his own extroversion gains him. Tyler is against suicide as he knows that is the end of everything and to fight any paranoia of mine or anxiety the Tyler part of me reminds me how easy it is. How anyone can do it. 

Then the depressed me sees the world as gray and runs inside a shell. The depressed me has the mentality of the Reaper and is a manifestation of that darkness in me. 


Now you guys may be asking what has you so depressed besides having a rough start to a social life. Well first off I hope someone here can back me up on this, it's tough to do when your friends live scattered across many towns (yay Catholic schools?) and you would have to be the person who asks to hang out. But when it feels like people only tolerate you and never truly want you then it's tough to do. Then with my girlfriend, when I first dated her I wasn't really attracted, I just wanted someone. I am deep down a somewhat clingy person but I never let that manifest. Now I want to 'dance' perfectly for her as I am getting more and more attracted. The Tyler Durden in me says who the fuck cares if she continues to want you or not, just find a new one. But then the Reaper reminds me that where you going to find more with ease? You go to an all boy's school, sure you met her at a dance but still those are rare and she was a rare one from it. The Reaper continues reminding me that if only there was some social life then it'd all be easy to find a new one. But I'm not so lucky. Nobody hits me up for anything and it sucks, I guess I have to actively seek?

Being off from school only amplifies the loneliness. I have off but I even if I wanted to hang out with someone there would be no one to drive me to go hang out with them. But then again that all hinges if they want to hang out with me. I love people, I love to be around them, I want to major in psychology when I get into college. But not being around people for a week (had off monday onward and no my family doesn't count as people; I'll explain soon) or possibly more hurts. It hurts a fucking lot. Sure I may text a few people or talk to them on facebook but still I am not physically with someone.

About the family thing; my household I will be with all the time where my mom still works herself hard, my dad still is an introvert, and my brother is absorbed in his online games much as I was at his age (thanks dad for misleading us at a young age!). The most depressing part is I tell my brother life isn't all about that stuff and try to tell him to make small corrections; corrections I didn't even start considering until 7th grade. But it's all for nothing, he doesn't listen to me and my parents tell me to let him do his own thing. Then on Christmas Eve I will be with my household and one side of the family which is all older (50+) nosey yet not helpful and have views on socializing akin to those of a much older era. To properly illustrate these people here is a quote, ""You have two kinds of people in life; family and aquantices."" It was with that quote I was probably raised by to some degree by my parents. I disagree with that 100%. Family to me isn't blood or legal, it's those you do truly love. Friends are meant to be greeted and socialized with outside of school or work. We don't live on massive family farms of the 19th century where socializing was far less open and easy as it is today.

Then on Christmas I am seeing the other side of the family with my household who are not horrible people, they just are not the kind of people I'd normally talk to. Then later that day I get to see the side of the family from Christmas Eve.

I don't even know when I'll get to see my girlfriend who lives 35 minutes away (met her at a dance, she lives in a whole other county, to illustrate it's so far away you have to take a major transportation roadway in my state with tollbooths).

There is probably more but I hope I got off enough. Talking to people about this makes me feel better. I wish I was in a Virginia Tech situation sometimes at my school (with me as a victim of course). Where if there was a shooter at my school I could easily die a hero by trying to barricade the door or scout out the shooter. No dishonor in dying for the sake of others. I am CPR and First Aid certified; perfect creditentials for a posthumous hero. 

tl;dr I feel alone and want to die so I will not be alone as my name will be repeated and honored for years to come."
"I'm friends with an older woman at work.  On Monday and Tuesday she called me- sounding horribly ill- and said that she wasn't coming in.  Today she didn't call and didn't come in.  She turned her phone off, didn't answer texts.  Her emergency contact didn't answer the phone.  I drove over to her house expecting to find her body.  I hope that my visit helped.  I still don't think that she is long for this world.

She's older- and feeling her age.  Her mom died a few months ago.  They talked daily.  We work in a place that pretty much everybody thinks it's okay to walk all over us- and does.  Neither of us makes enough money to live on.  Her boyfriend is a bum.  Her dogs are getting old and will die soon.  No kids.  No family.  No geographically close ""close"" friends.  Christmas is here and I don't think Santa is coming to her house.

She is intensely private.  I see no possibility that she will talk to a professional.  She won't even go to the clinic to get a decongestant let alone an antidepressant.  Yeah, these would help her and make things better.  I know that.  I don't know what to say or do to make her want to.

When things are jiving, she is hilarious, creative, generous, and really smart.  For awhile now she's been shaky.  I really need some ideas or suggestions.  Books (non religious)?  Free or really really cheap ways to get her involved in art or something that she might enjoy?  Ways that I or other concerned parties can make her know that she is important and that the world needs her without making her put up her privacy wall?

Thank you for any help you can give me.  Ya'll are awesome here!"
"I've never felt this down before.. It hurts even more now that i'm realising i don't actually have anyone to talk to. 

I don't want someone to sit and complain to, someone just to keep me company, if that's ok...?"
"Love you all.

Edit: That was (is?) good.

I may create this thread every now and then, or do it yourself if you like it.
Have a nice day."
I'm not having the greatest day... I just want to talk to someone about something that will get my mind off this....
"I'm not sure if she's suicidal, but she's declining in school work and I know about how she feels toward her family.

Just yesterday when we were supposed to have a little swimming party with friends when her mom suddenly banned her from going. She(my friend) told us that her mom allowed her to go the day before, but she(her mom) was surprised to see her dressed up and ready to go on the day of the party and consequently didn't allow her to come.

She managed to slip by her mom and asked her older brother to come with her and meet with us but when we saw her she was really, really sad and cried. She made an excuse to see us but wasn't coming with us. Good thing her brother was a nice guy and he promise to let her catch up with us later. She did come and we were both happy and all but still, I'm concerned about her. 

When we tell each other stories she often says things like her mom doesn't believe in her, they often get into fights, etc. I'd like to talk to her more but since it's our Xmas vacation I can't go to her place(we often go to her's after school), plus she can't go online very often, and she doesn't have her own number(she broke her SIM out of anger yesterday). I live near her place but I'm afraid that her family might think that I'm invading their space or something. So please, what can I do to communicate with her."
"I'm currently a freshman in College and I feel as if I've been depressed since the end of my senior year of high school.  When I graduated, I looked back at my high school years and realized that I completely hated them.  I was always shy and afraid of what people thought of me.  I had plenty of friends, but I never felt as if I was actually really close with any of them.  Since then every once in a while I'd have suicidal thoughts in the back of my head but I never thought anything would come of them.

As the summer went on, I started smoking marijuana.  At first it was a way to pass the boredom with some friends, but eventually it turned into a way to self-medicate.  For that entire month of August I felt like a whole new person.  I was outgoing, spent time with friends and built serious bonds, and most importantly, was happy.

At the end of August it was finally time to move out and head off to college.  Moving all the way across the state meant the end of my smoking, and I didn't really think anything of it.  When I arrived I was super excited to meet my roommate and felt like I would be able to bond with him as I was able to with my high school friends, but that sure didn't turn out.  My roommate ended up being much much older than me, and did nothing but play video games.  For the two months that I lived with him all I could think about was transferring schools and going back home to be with high school friends.  Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and requested to switch dorms.  This ended up being the best decision I'd had in college.

In the new dorm, I was immediately popular, being the new kid, and started smoking with some of my hall mates.  In just a few short months I felt more connected to these people then I ever did with anyone from high school.  Everything was going great and I was having the best time of my life until I was busted with less than a gram of marijuana.  I was busted the last day of finals week, before I came home for winter break and was told I would be put on probation by the school and be tested for the entire spring semester.

Now I'm at home, and I haven't smoked since the incident in fear of losing my spot in school and I'm more depressed then I ever have been in my life.  I feel as if I've moved on from my high school friends and don't feel like hanging out with them, because it doesn't seem like anyone wants to be with me.  Every time I ask someone to hang out I get rejected, and get more and more frustrated.  At this point I really don't feel like my life has any purpose. No one wants to be around me.  I'm not about to go commit suicide but I'm not happy whatsoever and I don't know what to do with myself.

tl;dr 
I self-medicated my depression with marijuana and it totally changed my social awkwardness and created a whole different, happy person.  I'm now not able to smoke due to a punishment with the school and I don't know how I'm going to make it through next semester.  If anyone could give some advice it would be much appreciated.

Thanks.

"
"Just posted this in another thread but now I think I have figured out how to make my own thread which is where, I believe, this probably belongs. I am having a rough night. I was molested as a child by a neighbor. He led me on with the usual barrier pushing until he got me into his room, held me down, and well, you know the rest. I told no one for 10 years. As a teenager I got to know a teacher very well. I decided I could trust her. So I told her what happened to me. She shared that she too had been molested. Long story short, after what the experts call grooming, she was regularly sleeping with me. She had a husband and three kids. She told me if I talked to anyone it would destroy her family and career and i would be an evil person for doing this. She told me if I told a psychologist they would be required to report it. So i told no one. Still haven't to this day. So, there it is. People always talk about how cool it would be to sleep with their hot teacher. Well, honestly she was hot, but I was emotionally manipulated by her and sexually abused twice. At least I got a good compare and contrast lesson on the methods a male and female use to coerce and how a victims age plays into the equation. Not a day goes by that I don't wish I was dead. Apparently I can only submit every so and so minutes. ah well."
"ok well lets start from the beginning. i have been depressed most of my life. i always had friends but they were usually asses to me fairly consistently. my parents separated when i was 4 and fight constantly. my mom has borderline personality disorder, and my dad is an angry, recovering alcholic, racist, conservative who i barely see. so i have been unhappy for most of my life. sure i have happy days, weeks if i am lucky but for the most part everything sucks.then i met this amazing girl. she is the only person i have ever met where i can truley be 100% myself around, and she didn;t just tolerate it but she loved me for it. we dated for 3 years and then decided to get an apartment together. i was the happiest i have ever been in my entire life. i was happy and loved life about 95% of the time. sure there were bad days, well usually they didn't even last a day. i had made some good friends and was loving every minute for the first time in my life. we lived together for just over a year when i made the biggest mistake in my life ( to sum it up i was bored a little drunk and half asleep when a girl i used to talk to online like 5 years ago says hi. we start talking and the conversation turn sexual bla bla bla i saw her boobs on web cam. i was half paying attention because i was watching cable for the first time in months since we didn't have it at our apartment. the conversation wasn't anything to me. i wasn't masturbating to it it was purely entertainment. this was a girl i had never met in real life and never intended to meet) 2 days later my gf is on my computer looking for a link that she sent me in a past conversation and stumbles upon said conversation and says i am cheating on her and that she is breaking up with me and that i need to move out ASAP and that she is going to stay with her parents until i do. ( i am not here to discuss whether or not what i did was cheating it doesn;t mater what you or me think. she felt betrayed and cheated on and thats all that matters) i start sending her texts and messages on facebook trying to explain that what happened meant absolutely nothing to me and i keep telling her how sorry i am and how much i love her but nothing works. i even sent her flowers. i was basically begging her not to do this but nothing worked. i had ruined the best thing that had ever happened to me and i only have myself to blame. i ended up having to move back in with my mom and brother where i constantly feel like i am in the way. my brother has been staying at my dads house so i took over his bedroom so he is constantly complaining that it;s my fault he has to stay there. and my mom is constantly complaining about money and making me feel worthless. noone seems to understand how depressed i am even when i tell them point blank. i lost everything. i lost the love of my life, i lost my best friend (gf), i lost my job, i lost all the friends i had made, i lost the life i had spent a year making, i lost my independence, and i lost my home. i absolutely loath myself.

it has been 2 months since we broke up and a few weeks ago i mailed her a hand written letter that i spent a month working on. i poured my heart and soul into it. i was as honest as i could in it. i was doing ok because it gave me hope. i felt i actually had a chance of winning her back. i had hoped that she would at least have coffee with me so we could sit down and talk since we had never had a chance too ( she did pretty much the entire break up through texts and facebook.) a week or 2 go by and i haven't heard any response so i get one of our mutual friends to text her asking if she got it, thinking that maybe it got lost in the mail or something. she responds that she did and she red it and it just made her mad and that she was not going to respond. i am absolutely devastated. i send her an e-mail saying that i am sorry if it made her mad but i was just trying to be honest. and i asked her to just say that she wants nothing to do with me and for me to leave her alone forever so i can get some closure and move on with my life. so i can stop holding onto that last shred of hope. she responds through my friend again saying that she is not going to respond to me and that she wants me to leave her alone. i send her one last e-mail saying fine i will leave you alone but you could have at least shown me the decency to tell me and not just through a friend like it;s high school. no response.

so all i really have left now are my 2 friends. one of which works constantly and the other goes to school several hours away. they are supposed to be my best friends. the one who is still around constantly bails on me at the last minute when we have made plans to hang out and then gets made at me when i get annoyed saying stuff like ""ya well some of us have jobs and responsibilities"" . this makes me feel even more like shit. i know i need to find a job but i just cant bring myself to do it. i have a hard enough time finding reasons to get out of bed everyday. hell i have a hard enough time finding reasons not to kill myself everyday. all i can come up with is that i couldn't do that to my family. it used to be ""friends and family"" but i am starting to feel that they wouldn't care and that by killing myself would be a way to get back at them and my EX. like a ""fuck you this is your fault. have fun living with my death hanging over your head for the rest of your lives"" i don't think i would ever do anything because like i said i could never do that to my family. my brother tried to hang himself when he was in grade 8 and i saw how much it fucked us all up. i could never do that to them again. but who knows maybe something will push me over the top. 

my friend doesn't understand that the main reason i get mad when he cancels on me isn;t because i don;t understand that he works a lot. it;s because now i have to spend the night alone trying to keep myself occupied to stop my mind from going to dark places. that now i have to spend the night being depressed as hell and thinking about killing myself.

tonight we were once again supposed to hang out along with my other friend who is now home for the holidays. he texts me saying that they are at his house and to join the party. i respond with ""ok i'll be there in a bit."" he responds with  "" no i meant the x-box live party"" feeling hurt i ask if i can come over he says he will ask the other friend but i never hear back, i text him several times asking whats going on and why he isn;t responding but i get no answer. i even sent him a message on x-box and he responded several hours later simply saying ""blarg"" wtf. these people are supposed to be my best friends and now it seems they can;t even stand me and are ignoring me. i would tell them just to fuck off and that they are assholes but then i will have absolutely no one. i don;t know what to do.

 i now hate ever second of my life and there is no happiness visible for me. what is the point in living if your not enjoying it? why would i put myself through hell when it could all be over sooner? why should i spend years being miserable when it could all be over now?

TL;DR fucked up entire life. lost GF or 4 years. lost job and home. had to move in with mom again. hate life and now best friends don't even want to see me. don;t know what to do. i want it to all be over.

PS. sorry for rambling this is the longest thing i have ever posted on reddit. and also sorry for spelling and punctuation errors i am very upset right now. if i feel like it i will try to fix them in the morning.
"
"Other people might have a reason that they want to die. Something happened, something didn't happen, something may or may not happen and they simply don't want to be around to see the fallout.

I don't really have a reason. Not a good one. I'm just an ordinary person who's tired of playing the game.

I'm tired of breathing.

My thoughts started to wander today and I wondered what it would be like to find someone dead by their own hand. I suspect there wouldn't be a rush to call for help -- after all, the person's already dead, there isn't much more that could be done.

I wonder if my husband would panic or if he'd just roll his eyes and mutter, ""Finally. Been waiting *years* for her to do it."" And then continue on with his life. Maybe close the bathroom door after he collects his toothbrush and shaving cream. Leave me in there for the weekend. Make up some story to tell his family once he got home.

I don't belong here anymore. I am consciously ruining lives with my existence (hello, best friend, brother I never had -- I know you are reading this, I know you're looking for me here. I'm sorry that I make you hate your life) and I'm just tired of watching good people suffer simply because my heart continues to beat.

I want to go now. I want to go so that the people I love, the ones who claim they ""love"" me, can heal. Eventually they'll forget that I even existed, and by then the pinhole I've left in their hearts will have closed forever."
"YSK: everyone that posts, everyone that responds makes us all stronger as a group.

i have a few tears in my eyes as i post this, thinking about the times in 2010 that *i* *didn't* *post* *but* *just* *read*... and how much of an impact even that had on my life.

r/SW, you are important to me, as i've said in comments. there is too much sadness in my real life. but lets commit to each other that not one of us will fall by our own actions in 2011. instead, lets talk about it.

sometmes, talking to anonymous caring strangers is my only refuge, and i have a feeling that it's yours, too, sometimes."
"I don't think I'll try anything, but the thought has crossed my mind which scares that crap out of me. I feel like I'm burdening my friends when I talk to them and they don't know the whole story about everything.

I feel like I've fucked up everything. I can't do my job anymore because my body seems to be against me (physically), my boyfriend is a video game addict and I'm constantly turned down, which has since led me to make out with a former flame and mutual friend of the two of us (only make out, nothing more just so I could feel wanted and have some fun which I have been denied a very long time). My Grandfather is dying and I'm not handling that all too well.....I feel like there are a lot of balls in the air and I can't catch them.

I feel like I'm drowning.
I'm having a panic attack.

Advice? Please. Desperate times call for desperate measures."
"For a while now, I've wanted to die. I just hate to let my family and friends down. Do any of you know what I can write in a letter to make them understand it's not their fault? Or have any of you ever been through a loss like this? How long did it take you to move on and did you blame yourself?
I don't want to hurt anyone, but I don't want to live anymore either. Any advice, reddit?

Edit: I know people love me and that I have a fairly good life. To be honest, I don't know why I want to die. I haven't been through any trauma or anything, and I have a good family and good friends and I do well in school. But I guess there's just something wrong in my brain because I can't seem to be happy no matter what I do. I don't need you to tell me how much people love me, because I know. What I need to know, is how to keep them from blaming themselves later."
[removed]
"I've got free time tonight, and I'd like to help people out, if anyone needs it. I know how hard being suicidal can be, and how isolating it tends to be... So I'm extending a hand to anyone who wants it. I'll talk to you over pm, and messenger, skype, email, hell, I'll call you if you need to talk out loud. :) Just let me help."
"But its a boring job with little to do.  I live overseas right now, but my phone can call internationally.  So if anyone needs someone on the other end, I am here.

"
"Post, PM or Skype me (chadwick.kirby). 

:)

**EDIT:** I'm taking a break in approx 45min (9pm CST) to grab a pint or two but should return in a couple of hours. I'll be checking my PM's periodically via mobile in the meantime. "
"just practiced hanging myself, it felt kind of good letting go. i never thought i would actually end my life by myself but im feeling im getting kind of close. i have suicidal thoughts almost every day and feel like a demon has gotten control of my life. everything just seem so superficial, its all an act. i guess ive been on this path for maybe five years now, but this is the closest ive gotten to actually ending it all. mmy body feel like a fucking run down car or something. all my aspirations, inspiration, imagination.. not all of it, but a lot, is gone. its like losing contact with yourself. you have a body but it doesnt feel like yours. i would much rather be a flowing spiritual entity than being trapped in this hunk of bones and flesh. it just seem so pointless? i can like people and girlfriends, but not really love them i guess. i can apreciate them, but not embrace them. there is no getting close. all contacts i have are so far from me, i feel, like, galaxies between. noone really knows me and i dont even really know myself, i dont apreciate myself even. i dunno.. thats just the problem, that i dont know. humanity and earth is great in its ways, horrible in others, but i feel like ive done my part. i know things can change and bla bla bla, but there is also a tipping point when it's gone too far, i feel like im there now. im more with the stars and the universe than with this body.

any input would be nice cause i just feel like im gonna end my life now, and there is this feeling inside me that i shouldnt. peace and love. :)"
"Dear r/SW,

Today, my life got turned upside down, once more.
The last few weeks I've been talking to a certain girl, I'll call her N for reference, she broke up with her boyfriend a month ago, which is also a friend of mine, after 2 years. I didn't even knew her too well before the trouble of her splitting up with, lets call him M, M.

First of all I'm 16, still very young, but I was depressed for severals years, since I was 11 or 12 untill last year, when I was 15. I've never been popular, never had more than 3 friends.

I finally started to pick my life up, gaining more contacts, doing more for school. Then I fell in love with this girl, but I never showed it or told anyone. Because all I felt was utter numbness. It broke my heart but opened my mind for temporary happiness. I had daily thoughts of suicide, the only thing that kept me from going was saying goodbye.

I've lived without these thoughts for almost a year now, and I really enjoyed the freedom without it.

Fast-forwarding to today, N and I build up a bond between us that consists of great trust, she shared some things with me that she never shared with anyone else. And vice-versa. Apparently her sister read some minor things of our conversations, and she hinted that I might really like her, N. She then asked me if I did. I couldn't answer it directly, so I bluntly answered No. I am very bad at distinguishing emotions. Especially the happier emotions. I then began questioning my own feelings, which led to my own conclusion that I do like here, but also am very held-back because of her recent breakup. I wouldn't want to break every little friendship and trust that I built up, not just with her, with everyone I know.

I later sent her an email containing a letter from me adressing every major feeling. She admitted that she had no interest (at the moment) in dating anyone, whatsoever. I already knew this so I was prepared for that exact answer.

I felt shitty after talking to her, but right now she's the only one I really care about.

I talked to her a bit more after that, but it felt really awkward. During which, I discovered that she has/d 4 boys who fancy/like her. Including me. This, struck me even harder than her answering No when I asked her if she liked me.

But now, lying in bed, the thing I had overcome returned. Suicidal thoughts.
And I don't want to go through this all again. Nor do I want to burden her with my thoughts.

r/SW, help me. I need some words of advice, encouragement and above all, comfort.

P.s. Everything we talked about was through MSN or e-mail.
I typed this post on my phone, sorry for the long lines!
Right now, it's 4 Am, i'll check back in 6 hours"
"(suggested repost from r/reddit)

Ten years ago I almost almost killed myself because a girl broke up with me. I stood on a bucket and had a rope around my neck.

I chickened out, stepped down, and pathetically wept myself to sleep. 

I was a slip or a step away from dying.

Tonight, I just finished baking a pumpkin cheese cake. My beautiful wife is sitting on the couch, wrapped in a fleece blanket and watching A Christmas Story.

My five month old daughter, Lily, is asleep in her crib in little red reindeer foot pajamas that say ""Baby's first Christmas.""
Tomorrow we'll wake up in a house we own. I'll cook breakfast, and we'll celebrate our first Christmas together as a family.

I'm newer to Reddit, but not new to the internet. Message boards, and anonymous friends give us somewhere to laugh, vent, cry, and scream. They've got me through some really dark times.

I wanted to take a few minutes before I go to bed to thank all of you.
Merry Christmas my faceless friends.

and for those of you having a hard time...

It gets better!

Love ya'll
valjean260"
"Need someone to talk to tonight? Skype, PM, or AIM - I'll be online for a while tonight. 

I've personally overcome severe unipolar depression and I am a good non-judgmental listener."
"I doubt this will work, but it's worth a shot...I first looked at r/insomnia, but it didn't look like I would find anyone there. So, like I said, downvote this all you want since I'm just *using* this subreddit.

But if there is anyone who is bored, I would like to just have a chat. I'll even offer some topics.

I went to church today for the first time in about ten years, found it all kinds of weird...

I have a belief that I'm too logical to ever fall in love again, but dismiss the love I had in highschool and earlier as just being ""kid love"" or fake love because I was too stupid to know what real love is. Sometimes I think since that is the only love I've known, and quite possible will ever know, then maybe it was real love?

I'm currently in a graduate school for a health profession which constantly makes me think about death (I'm trying to pick something that might be interesting to the good people on this subreddit).

These are all just suggestions, please feel free to talk to me about anything that you may have on your mind too...

If you downvote, thanks for reading, or not, anyways."
[removed]
"It's Christmas eve, and a friend I haven't talked to in a long while just sent me a text wishing me happy holidays, etc.  We started texting back and forth, and she let me know that her husband (from whom she was separated) killed himself earlier this month, and she was the one who found him.

I don't know what to say, and I feel like there is nothing I can say that will help her out.  She's struggling with a lot of guilt, as the last conversation her husband probably had was a fight with her.

I don't know if this is the right subreddit...  

But any ideas, or suggestions that you can pass along would be greatly appreciated.  Also, if there is anyone out there who can recommend a good counselor in the Portland, OR area, please PM me.  

She's my friend, and I want to help her... I just don't know what to do."
"There has been a question on my mind for quite some time; is my life fucked up? Now, to me my life is all same shit different day. But I feel like to other people, it might seem a little bit fucked up. So I guess what I'm asking is, would anyone be willing to take some time and listen to my story? "
"29 year old female, expat living in Japan. I wanna say first I don't think Japan/homesickness is my problem right now. It's ME. I am pretty sure I have some kind of mental disorder now.  I've had some signs that looking back now, I should have noticed but didn't - saying nasty shit to people I loved and thinking ""why did I do that?? I didn't want to do that!!"", procrastinating on everything, wondering what it'd be like to jump out windows/off train platforms, avoiding people, panic attacks... It's been getting worse the past year or so probably due to money/stress problems. I used to be so creative, I had so many interests..now everything is blah to me. And this past week my brain is constantly telling me to kill myself.  It doesn't fucking stop, whether I'm full-on crying or just blandly thinking 'oh, after I finish work maybe I should do it.' Honestly the main thing stopping me, I think, is that I can only do it ONCE. I feel like that's not enough somehow. 

I totally had a breakdown in front of 2 of the only friends I thought I had on Monday. They were like ?? and I ran home. I kept hoping they would check on me, call or text or something with just a ""hey you okay?""

Nothing. No one has spoken to me since then, till suddenly on Xmas eve the one who I was supposedly going to spend Christmas with had to go home on a family emergency - I feel/felt guilty for being so angry with her but I can't turn this loneliness off. The ohter friend has a boyfriend so she's probably with him today. I have a few folks back home trying to help me find some place to go or call here (I'm not in Tokyo so there's not much) but no one HERE and I think it's really killing me that the people physically in my life are doing nothing but people thousands of miles away are.  I'm probably goin to regret this but I sent them (And another friend back home on vacation) an email.. it started with ""please don't read this till after Christmas"" because I still feel bad about ruining theirs.  It was mostly an apology for all the fucked up things I have done the last few years, and how I'm pretty sure I'm sick, and how I just really, really want to die and please, please help me. I promised them I'd never mention these feelings again if they'd just please, be kind to me. We have concert tickets next year that I paid for that just came in (my only Christmas gift). I told them ""if anything happens they'll be in my mailbox."" I really don't know how long I'll be here. I""m so scared but I can't get away because this shit is IN me, and I don't even understand what it is. I just want it to stop. I just want to know why the people around me don't care, I feel like I understand why people cut themselves now, you just have so much shit inside of you and you want SOMEONE to know but somehow saying ""I am broken and I need help"" is so much scarier.

It's christmas and I am completely alone. I haven't left the house. I've been crying since I woke up. I just needed to get this off my chest somewhere, I guess.

*EDIT:* You guys are so  amazing. Thank you so much for everything..it really helped me make it through Christmas.  My friends are still ignoring me and it still really, really hurts, but at least for now I think maybe I can hold on a bit longer. "
"Dear SW: I am a male student at UW in Waterloo, Ontario.  I want to make myself available to anyone who wants to chat this Christmas. We can talk about anything you want.  andrewontario24@gmail.com"
"Im stuck in a dangerous foreign country visiting relatives for the goddamn holidays. 

My mom fucked up our tickets and now we cant go back home until January 8th. Im so pissed off I could scream, except I cant because my family is FUCKING EVERYWHERE. 

I dont have a second to be alone. I cant drink. I cant smoke. I cant work out. I cant do jack shit because this country is like the murder capital of the world and Im a pretty young girl who doesnt speak the language, so Id probably get raped and murdered in a heartbeat. 

Im going stir crazy. Ive been up all night because of the time difference and my two aunts and one cousin are sleeping out in the living room, which means I cant watch TV in there. I went to the spare bedroom to try to sleep, but surprise, another fucking cousin is sleeping in there. I cant go anywhere and I cant do anything. I feel so trapped and I dont know what to do. Im not really a suicide risk but I cant help feeling like Im on point of hurling myself out a fucking window. I cant sleep because theres nowhere for me to sleep. My grandpa will wake up soon and need his computer room and then Ill be really fucked. I HATE HATE HATE it here. I didnt even want to come to begin with. I dont care much for family, and I truly dislike being near my mother. 

Fuck, I dont know Reddit. This just sucks and Im not going to last 13 more days in this godforsaken shithole. Fuck. 

P.S. Forgive my lack of apostrophes, goddamn Spanish keyboards arent worth their weight in shit. 

EDIT: THanks to those who offered advice. I was probably unneccesarily angry last night. Everything just feels so much worse at night, you know? Anyway, thanks. I may last. "
"Killing yourself is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. 
Literally everyone in his life feels guilt for not talking to him enough before hand, and not seeing the signs.
Please talk to someone you love, and make it very clear how serious you are. Emotions and brain chemistry are two very powerful things. There are ways to harness them without ending them. I promise. This holiday season, please reach out. You'd be a lot more surprised than you think to find out how much your family and friends love you and miss you.
"
"Hey there. Holidays and Christmas can be lonely and stressful, I know.

I'm just at home today with nothing to do, so if you'd like someone to talk with feel free to PM me and we can exchange whatever form of contact info you're comfortable with.

Wishing you all the best this holiday season, SW."
"Late last year (November '09) my husband and I put in an offer on our first home.  It was a short sale, our dream home.  It was perfect, on a good spot of land, easy access to all our favorite places, plenty of trees, and had private access to a lake right in our back yard.  2010 was going to be a great year.

As with any short sale home, we had to wait a good long while for the sale to be approved.  It finally was in March and we got our inspection and appraisal done.  We were getting the house for nearly $15 grand less than what it was worth.  It did need some electrical work done, though, before our loan officer would approve the sale.  We got it done on a Friday ($650 out of our own pockets) and we were scheduled to close that following Thursday.

Sunday we were at the house replacing some switch covers and installing some light fixtures that the inspector would have to Okay on Monday and a man walked up to the front door.  He was an appraiser for the bank.  The house had been foreclosed on and nobody ever told us.  He said it would be sold in auction Tuesday afternoon.

There was nothing we could do on a Sunday so first thing Monday morning we called our realtor, our bank, the seller, the seller's bank, and the seller's lawyers... but it was too late.  The house auctioned and sold Monday Morning at 11:00.  We had already taken a week and a half of vacation time to work on the house before moving in, paid for the appraisal, the inspection, and the electrical work.. not to mention the washer and dryer the seller had sold us along with the house (an extra $150).  

We talked to lawyers and made phone calls, fighting for the contract that didn't expire for another couple weeks.  We were assured the foreclosure would be overturned and we could still close, but a week later.  We packed up all our belongings into a truck since we would be homeless the next week.  Our realtor actually told us to stay in the house since she was positive we would get it.  The overturn never happened.  We were homeless and all together we were out $11,500.00 with the missed tax credit.  We lost all hope in human kind.

We managed to scrape up an apartment to live in but didn't have the heart to unpack.  We lived out of boxes for 2 months.  We ended up buying a much cheaper house about an hour out of the city that we could get with no down payment since we had no liquid funds left after paying off all our credit cards and our car loan and not getting the tax credit to reimburse us.

Two weeks after moving in, I was given the option to 'quit or be fired' at my job.  I worked from home and was unable to connect to the internet from our temporary location.  Since I had used all my vacation time in April for the first house, I was not getting paid.  I still logged into work and worked with their tech support to try to get my terrible internet working with their systems, but we were not paid for tech time off.  My husband picked up a second job, but it didn't make up for a quarter of what I was making.

Still, we pressed on.  We tried to bounce back and got into our new home.  A few weeks in, I got another new job from home which seemed much better than the other one.  I even got promoted after a month, but the position wasn't to start until the beginning or middle of November.  I worked extra hours for monetary bonuses and incentives and to also get recognized as the good worker that I am.

Well, I still have not been paid those bonuses and incentives.  I've been fighting for them since October.  I've gotten a portion of it, but am still missing over $100.

November came and went and I was in constant contact with my ever changing supervisors and I was finally told, after weeks of getting pushed aside, that the position was no longer available.  They went in a different direction and erased the position... but since then, 3 of my coworkers have been promoted to the exact position I was promoted for back in October.

If matters couldn't be worse, I had a seizure a couple of weeks ago and submitted for paid time off a couple days after being in the hospital.  My requests were changed to only reflect one day, they gave me a no-call-no-show the second day, and have since informed me that there is no such thing as paid time off - they did away with that over a year ago - and they haven't bothered to update their system to reflect that.  There is no employee handbook.  Everything is on an extremely disorganized website and there are no phone numbers to contact anyone.  Everything is done through email (which they never respond to) or fax.

On top of this, my husband is having severe heart and blood problems and may need surgery.  He was working 2 jobs, but the second one put him on the schedule less than 24 hours in advance, it didn't update on his schedule on their website (they usually use a schedule in the office, but it is an hour away from us and we don't make it a habit to go out there every day), and he has two no-call-no-shows and is about to be fired from it.

Today, Christmas day, I was scheduled to work 10 hours at time and a half.  My husband has a 12 hour shift at the hospital.  He has a very bad flu - possibly a reaction to the flu shot everyone got (several employees have been checked into the hospital.  One didn't make it), and will probably have to call in.  I am having tech issues again and will have to call into work as well..

We were so happy to spend Christmas eve on the phone with our families (who are thousands of miles away in different states) and we got a lot of good gifts and money for our house.  We were so thrilled to be able to finally get my a sewing desk and a fence so that our dog can run around without a leash...

But without getting paid for our long shifts at time and a half, we'll be missing out on several hundred dollars which means our Christmas money will have to go towards bills instead..

Oh, and all that money we lost from the first house we tried to get?  A lost cause.. we've sent letters, emails, faxes, made phone calls.. everything... nobody responds.  It took us months of fighting and we actually got our $1,000.00 escrow back, but it had to go towards fixing our septic system, our sink, and our pathetic little Christmas we had for each other.  The rest of it we're not entitled to except for the $650 spent on the electric and the $150 for the washer/dryer.. but we've tried to get that back on our own and it's $300 for a lawyer to write a single letter.

So I'm sitting here, alone on Christmas day.. with nothing to do, nobody to talk to (husband is sleeping, trying desperately to get over his flu before his shift starts at 7pm), and nothing to think about except how screwed I've been all year and the years before.  Don't tell me ""Oh!  next year will be better!""  I've been telling myself that every year for the past... I don't know.. 6 years... they seem to be getting worse.. between health issues, car wrecks, bad jobs, people not doing their own jobs, and just plain old friendless loneliness.. I can't take it anymore.  I'm starving, too.. We have some crap frozen food but I just don't feel like I deserve to eat.. I have to make up the $300 in pay I'm losing today somehow.

TL;DR: The title of this post is sarcastic.  I want to fucking die."
Peace.
"My Nana died in May,my dad won't talk to me,my Mom is ignoring me and,my boyfriend is to wrapped up in ruins of magic. I need to talk to someone anyone. I have been in and out of the hospital this year and I don't want it to happen again."
I can't imagine how shit can get better. I'm so old and pathetic.
"I knew today would be tough but as it goes into the night i'm getting more and more anxious and its putting some shitty thoughts in my head.  I can't stress how overwhelmed I feel right now.  Anyways thanks for being here for people like me who can't handle the fucked up shit in their lives, especially on the holidays.  I don't know whats going to happen to me tonight but know that I'm a caring person who's just going through too much to handle by herself."
"I am a long time member this is a throwaway. Yet I never posted for help before, Reddit I need it all my friends are asleep cause it is 430am here and I am so alone in this.
I don't know even how to start this, I am home for the holidays I have never got on with my sister and she drives me to the point of slashing my legs and arms to bits with scissors and I refuse to do it this time I want someone to talk to.

If anyone wants the whole really long story cause youll need it all to help me I guess then comment or pm me or something we can talk on msn, beware i type a lot and fast and i guess i jus need someone to listen and say 1 or 2 nice thins i dunno how to post all this it feels so weak"
"Im not suicidal right now(I was earlier, and might be later), but I could sure use some cheering up. My girlfriend of just over a year got really mad at me because I never want to leave her alone when she is mad. I want to talk it out and forget about it as soon as possible. She prefers to be alone and just calm down.

So we got into a fight about tea, lol, and she ended up going home. She called me once and said we were not dating and needed a break. I pleaded into her agreeing to hang out some time tomorrow to give me a chance. She abruptly hung up and a few minutes later she texted me saying ""No more"". So I am highly confused. I have no idea what to do now. I would love any advise to help me resolve this and stay calm. I have terrible anxiety and shake when I'm stressed."
"no family.. no friends.. i used to have those. i'd rather not get into that, though. i'm not ready. and i don't want to want to die.

does it get better? can you tell me how it got better for you? i could use some hope. i just want to know there's a chance of success no matter how small"
"I spend far too much time on Reddit and even more time struggling with depression, but if anybody just needs someone to vent to, bullshit with, or just talk about anything please don't hesitate to PM me. We're all in this together."
"I'm one of those LGBTQ kids those videos were made for, I guess. Everything is completely... ugh, I feel stuck, lost, and I can't see myself in 2011. I want to go to sleep and never wake up. I know I need... help... and I'm trying, but I don't have anybody to talk to, nor am I strong enough..."
"Well... here it goes.

Im 17, 12th grade. My life is not that bad, wasnt abused.  I just dont know what is up with me.  I dont know for how long(cause i suck at keeping track of time) but i really wana just kill myself.  I think about it mostly everyday, i just cant help it.  Everyday i think about slicing my arm, not just cutting it but fucking opening it up.  Dont know why i want to but i just really want too.  My family is idk but fuck do i hate them sometimes.  Both my older sisters are married to fucken assholes.  One is a religious asshole the other is a alcoholic asshole and i just fucken want to fucken slit their throats and watch them bleed out.  Fuck im mostly pissed cause i feel so fucken bad for their kids.  Um.. yea idk what i want from this, most likely im being a little bitch, but hey...


I suck ass at writing so sorry for having you read that shit grammar and spelling.

**Edit:** Thanks for the support, feels good to know someones gives a shit. I dont know about seeing a doctor but a1mck really thank you for your advice.

Not to leave anyone out IndieLady, snottlebocket, fullofterribleideas also thank you very much for the support. Love you reddit :)"
"For the past month or so, I've been extremely depressed, having constant thoughts about hopelessness and suicide.  This mostly stems from a feeling of laziness and lack of motivation to find a job (therefore, running out of money).  

---
[Tangent]  Yesterday brought a reminder of that, as I had nothing to give to my family.  I received almost enough money for one month of rent from them, plus a few other things. I didn't get them anything in return.  I felt extremely bad about that.

----

Despite the ""depression flareups"", I'm starting to feel better.  At least I feel better today.  It might be the new medicine I was recently prescribed in addition to everything else I'm taking, or just a desire not to die.

My thoughts of suicide have begun to be replaced with thoughts of getting away.  I don't have much money left, and am still horribly pessimistic about finding a job before it dwindles down to nothing.  This leaves me considering a way to hitchhike across the U.S., or something of that nature.  I'm at the point where I see I would have nothing to lose, since I was planning on killing myself anyway.  Plus, it's very likely I won't have found a job in time before I'm completely broke.

Now I have to ask myself how I can do it.  I really have no clue.  I don't have a vehicle, so I'd be left to hitchhike.  I'd have to worry about finding a place to stay for a night, food, laundry, showering, and so forth.  I'm not optimistic about these survival skills.  I'd also have to worry about medication.  If it is beginning to work more, how could I stay prescribed and maintain access to it (especially since I get it free right now)?

These are just random thoughts that have popped into my head.  I am generally feeling better-ish at times.  I'm still very depressed and suicidal periodically, but at least I have brief moments like right now where I'm feeling good.  I even found myself organizing one of the cabinets in the kitchen this morning.  That probably is the vyvanse kicking in, though."
"My ex-boyfriend lives in the US while I'm in Asia. We broke up last Sept/Oct, and we're still in touch - on his insistence. He recently revealed to me that he's suicidal and he's thinking about doing it somewhere in January, ""not now because it's the holidays"".

What can I do from so far away? I've tried talking to him, staying up until 6 am consoling him, trying to lift his spirit. That would all help temporarily. I'm afraid for him, he might just do it."
"Yes, I am suicidal. This account is obviously a throwaway.

I've become 30 this month. 

After I graduated from high school, ten years, I wanted to start doing university courses. The kind of stuff I wanted to learn didn't please my parents (who believe the only worthwhile things to learn are law, engineering or medical science), so that meant no money for me. In my country, we used to have free university, so I started enrolling anyways, moving with my then-gf.

I truly loved her, but she was depressed. She didn't want to work because she feared strangers, and I understood. She didn't want to seek professional help, and I understood. I tried to cheer her up with presents I couldn't afford. She drove me in debt even without me spending my money for her (about 1000 € of telephone costs in a month alone). Regardless of the two jobs I worked beside my studies, I was not able to support it, and we got evicted. This was the same time my university kicked me out because I failed to pay the 100 € Semestergebühren - I simply couldn't.

Friends took care of us. We moved year after year, and I tried to pay my debts, but actually I dug my hole even deeper. With no formal training, I tried to become a freelancer, but got paid shit.

Seven years later, she decided to move on and fuck another guy, 3 years younger than me, a recent graduate with a job in engineering. Instead of maning up, I folded, and my parents got me out of there. 

I lived in their basement for two years. I lived on social security (and hated it). I became the root of all evil that happened to my family. I was on tranquillizers and antidepressants, and became a drooling fool.

Last year I got a training position (with 29 for a job that pays 1/3 of what it takes to make a living and is usually done by 17-year-olds). This year I got a new flat, but can barely make ends meet. I spend 4 hours commuting to this job every day, including weekends. I leave my flat at 05:45 AM and return at 9PM. Public transport sucks, but I am too poor to afford a car.

I still have the debt (about 15k Euros), and I am not able to pay any of this in the forseeable future. Actually, I am constantly living in fear of eviction and the debt marshall. After paying all essential bills, I have about 30 € to live on for the month (which means lentil soup every day, for the last 90 days straight). I cannot remember the last time I had meat.

I also did not have a relationship for the last 3 years (and an unhappy, abusive one for two years prior of that). Reddit tells me to man up, hit the gym and the bars and get some attention, but I can hardly pay for my food, how should I pay for clubbing? It's not even the sex anymore (and I could do well without it, didn't ever think I would say that). I just feel lonely. My social contacts are limited to my coworkers...

I decided to carry on when the first wave came back then with the eviction. That was seven years ago. I smiled on and tried to improve this. Today, I cannot even force me to smile anymore. I want to fight, but I'm getting tired. Every day, I pray some truck runs over me. I just want it to end.

I used to think it gets better. It didn't in the last 7 years. I wonder how much longer I can lie to myself."
"So basically starting over the summer life came up and kicked me in the head. I graduated high school and started college, got into an argument with the best friend, plus about a million other things, got really depressed and grades started slipping. 
All of this put a huge strain on my relationship with my girlfriend, who is the only one who knows I was depressed, though she had no idea just how bad it was.

I've been working at feeling better and it's paid off, me and the friend buried the hatchet, I've gotten a lot closer with my girlfriend, I'm set to do a lot better in school next semester.

So I finally get my life in order after months, yet I still constantly think of suicide. I don't think I even seriously consider it, but anytime I have a thought or something happens that I don't like, even the slightest thing. I think that I'll just kill myself. Of course thinking like this day after day certainly doesn't help me being depressed.

So today some stuff happened that I didn't like. I spent about 2 hours thinking about suicide, and now here I am back to feeling just as bad as when I was in the worst of being depressed.


I'm sure my girlfriend would give me support if I talked with her, but I don't want her to worry, nor put any more stress on our relationship.

Constantly having these thoughts really sucks when the thing you want most is to just move on. I can think just back to the beginning of this year and remember how happy I was. I'm just not sure what to do."
"I hope nobody minds me posting something preemptively positive here.  I won't be offended if a mod wants to remove it.

I browse SW off and on.  Maybe one day I'll have to post here for myself on a non-throwaway account.  Hopefully not.

Anyway, I wanted to share this picture.  When I get those feelings I look at it and can't help to feel a little better, and it's that little bit that counts.

I know it's fantastical and fictional but still, there's a core truth there.

http://img9.imageshack.us/img9/991/supermanxm.jpg"
"I have no money. I am staying at a friend's place. I have no friends. I have no possibility of future education. I am perpetually tired/depressed. I have no job. I am 18. My family hates me and has disowned me. Christmas is horrible. I don't have any booze/benzos to kill whatever angsty white-liberal pain I have. I tried filling out internet surveys to get money and made about 2 dollars on my paypal before giving up and deciding to place razors against my arms and swipe hard/quick.

So as opposed to watching blood pool around my feet, what should I do? I honestly see no point in living anymore and I of course have felt that way every day for the past 6 months. 

I have no emotional support whatsoever. I can't afford a therapist. My psychiatrist got me off of all of my medication including my ADD meds, and I feel like a confused pile of shit all of the time. Not that it matters, government assistance doesn't cover Vyvanse.

I would smoke a joint right now but if I start with weed, I'll never fucking stop. I'll be buying ounces, pretending to sell them, and sitting in my room smoking all day. And cutting.

While I make a journey to booze up and black out from blood loss, can anyone offer words of insight? Hopeful words? "
"reddit, i'm 16 and i live with my single mother and my little brother. i am very thankful for her and for her care. but over the years she's made me dissatisfied with myself. she calls me a dissapointment, sometimes wishing i wasn't born when she's very angry. although she does get angry with my mediocre reports from school, the times she gets the most angry is when i practice my piano. i have been taking it for a few years now, and she has always made me continue when i say i want to quit. I believe it's because her mother let her quit when she was young and she regrets it, and that reflects. right now i am about to take my grade 7, and my progress has slowed down since i started my A-levels. almost every time i practice she becomes enraged at my poor progress, and the house becomes a hell hole in which i just want to be unconcious. i have tried to argue back. i have tried approaching her about it when she is calm and she just becomes angry. I can see this being such a petty matter as I know a lot of people have it so much worse, and i keep telling myself i'm being a pathetic teenager, but at the end of the day it's made me contemplate suicide. Being dead sometimes seems so much more free than how i feel now. I don't know what i'm doing with my life, and I feel like a failure. I'm writing this just after one of her rages, so i'm sorry if it seems a bit over emotional.

edit: I can't thank you all enough for the support, i read them over whenever it happens.

edit2: doubt anyone will even see this, but i've just spent new year in a screaming, arguing household. Happy New Year. Let's get through 2011 /r/SuicideWatch."
"I'm 20, live at home with my mom, haven't even finished high school. Fucking hell. I'm fucking stupid. I've got ADD so I cant focus long enough to write up a real post. I just don't care. I can't keep a job, I've has lots but I always end up quitting because I have really bad anxiety problems. I get through one or two days of work and then I have a panic attack and just stop going. Im depressed all the time. I hate everything. I don't even know why I bothered making a throwaway account to post this. Its not like I care. Whats the point? Nothing matters. I just want to be happy.   "
"Bender last night. Went home with a bartender who apparently fucked my face aggressively while I was passed out (I don't remember), and then was a total asshole in the morning. All day I have felt queasy and anxious. Any kind words for an old SW rat? Thank you."
"I have a friend who has been depressed to varying degrees for years.  My friends and I have talked him into seeking some amount of treatment (was diagnosed as bipolar... sometimes takes his meds), but mainly he refuses to do anything other than sit home and bombard the few friends he has left with depressed email.  In these mails he frequently threatens to kill himself.  The threats have become a major obstruction to rational discourse.  He uses them to try to manipulate us (get us to do more for him, respond faster, agree with his fatalistic notions) or just as a way to get out of anything.  

A couple weeks ago, I told him that I would treat any further requests as immediate threats upon his life and report them accordingly.  For awhile that caused him to have more meaningful conversations with me.  Today however, he's back to his threatening ways.  I don't think he's in any more immediate danger than he has been the last couple years, but something has got to change.  I hope that reporting him and forcing some attention on him would encourage him to focus on improving his life and not just fantisizing abotu suicide all the time.  I worry that the increased attention might bring about increased shame and actually give him the imputus to go through with his threats.  I also worry that I may be wanting to bring attention to him as a vindictive measure as he's been quite verbally abusive to me lately.  I try to remain level headed, do what's right for him, and not let the nastyness get to me, but I do increasingly find myself increasingly disliking my once good friend.  I can't keep acting as his personal therapist/dumping ground.

TD/DR version:  When should I call the authorities on my habitually suicidal friend?  "
"I'm 23 (f) and I don't really know what to say without sounding and feeling selfish. 

I have no reason to feel this way. I have a job working with children with autism and essentially get paid to play all day, I have friends who love and support me. I just got accepted to graduate school. Financially, I'm broke after college, but nothing unmanageable. I've already spent time traveling abroad. 

I work out 5 times a week and I have weekends off to see friends and play video games/read. And yet, despite all of these wonderful things- I hate myself. I'm in my head all the time thinking about how ugly I am and how I wish I could die to end the monotony. I'm tired of going to work. I feel lonely all the time and yet I never want to hang out with my friends. I broke up with my boyfriend of 5 and half years after we got engaged and don't believe I'm capable of loving or being loved by anyone else again. 

I just... I don't know how to explain myself. When I see these suicide topics I always tell myself- being an atheist- that even if things are horrible and painful, it's better to feel something, some kind of human emotion than nothing at all. 

However, where do you go when your apathy leads you to dissatisfaction with everything- even the good?  "
"The day is won. A quiet, meager victory: but it is mine. And although I will probably have those thoughts tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, not today.

Today was mine."
"This might be long, sorry. Just need to get this off my chest, should hopefully help me out:

Suicidal thoughts have been my go-to knee-jerk reaction to a rut for as long as I can remember. I've only attempted it a couple of times, and both times should have succeeded, but miraculously didn't. No one I know has knowledge of this condition, and I realize that's my fault. I suppose it's because I deal with immense guilt constantly.

First off, I'm in my mid twenties. I was raised well by incredible parents who have always been incredibly supportive of me in my ventures, even when there was no reason for it. I'm known to many people as a really good, genuine human being. I have some talent. I'm relatively attractive, I guess.

The main source of my current rut is that I'm supposed to be an adult, but I don't feel like it. I've got a job as a bartender, but it's not a super popular bar. The owner is struggling just to be able to pay us, and the typical 8-12 hour shift I work nets me less than $30. My hours have been cut, only one or two really good shifts a month, which can sometimes end up being slow on a fluke. That said, I've needed to rely on my parents for over a year to take care of a lot of my expenses. I'm also involved in a musical project, and my guilt from asking my parents for money has led me to borrow from my band's account somewhat frequently, so I owe there. I have a maxed out credit card with little hope of being paid off. It just feels like a one-way tunnel into more debt.

I realize my parents' support is a blessing I should appreciate right off, but they're not loaded by any means, and I feel my having a place to stay is causing them to have to give up things they'd like to have and deserve to have. The job market in this town is terrible, but I'm locked into a lease for at least another 6 months. I've been trying to find work doing graphic design, but to no avail. It's just tough.

If I were to die, the pro would be a massive strain taken off of my parents, who want my ""artistic ventures"" to work out, so I can be fulfilled in a way neither of them were able. That said, they've already started dropping ""maybe you should teach"" or ""I wish you had more money so we didn't have to help so much, even though we're glad we can help you."" It just kills me.

The cons, of course, would be that I would leave behind a family who would be devastated at outliving me. I would leave an incredibly sweet girlfriend who truly loves me. I would leave a cat who depends on me to feed her and give her attention. I would destroy a potentially life-making musical project for myself and the other members of the group.

The end of the month approaches. The end of the year approaches. I just wish there was a way to make it happen without having to inconvenience the people closest to me. I just feel so incredibly selfish, and I wish I didn't."
"I am alone. beyond alone. Everytime I've tried to reach out to a ""friend"" they're too busy for me, or brush me off like I'm just joking. but i think about it all the time. Why do I smile and feel so much better at the thought of killing myself. I just drove home and the whole ride I hoped that my tire would blow, sending me spiraling into a ditch. I've never known love. I've never had anyone even show me the least bit of interest. I went to a friends looking for help tonight for myself and I ended up having to help them. I left there, not feeling good but feeling as if I will always be alone.  I dont want to bother them. I hate being nothing but an emotional and financial burden to those around me. I tried calling multiple people to talk me out of this but they either answer and tell me I'll call you back later or dont answer at all. Even the ones I want to to talk to I feel I can't. I am alone. and I feel like i deserve to feel this pain. Like everything that has been bestowed upon me was never mine. and it never will be. Why is the only comforting thought I can muster is one where I'm not around? I'm 24 and never known love. Never have I had the love I give given back in return. I am empty shell people unload their problems onto, forever weighing down the burden I have to bear. "
"Hi SW, I have a question.

I've seen a lot of posts lately by Redditors who converse with suicidal individuals and are sometimes able to help. I would like to be on those individuals, but fear the outcome of any mistakes on my behalf far too much. Is this fear unreasonable?? What should I know to overcome this fear of making things worse for a suicidal person?"
"I'm sorry if this seems disjointed, or even overly calm, I don't know how I should be feeling at the moment, the only thing I know is that if I threw myself in front of a train this pain would stop for good.

She left me about a fortnight ago, and i've taken it fairly well up until now. She kept saying she still wants to be my friend, and that she still cares about me, that I still have a place in her heart, but actions speak louder than words and she ignores me when I need to talk to her the most, holds the smallest of things against me, and is generally making me feel worthless/like she wants me dead.

what makes it worse is that I've always tried to give her the best of everything, and being with her was the only thing I looked forward to at the end of the day. I no longer speak to my family for personal reasons and have no friends where I currently live, and i'm not able to move anywhere else due to a lack of funds. I literally tried to give her the world, before I lost my job I was saving up and was going to surprise her for her birthday in 2 years, letting her choose where on earth she wanted to go, and for how long.

Now I just feel like I'm falling with nothing to grab on to, I can't take pleasure from even the smallest of things like playing a video game over the net with a few guys I know (once again, met over the net) because my thoughts always go back to her and her beautiful smile.

I can't see any reason to go on when the only reason I truly care about doesn't care about me anymore, please, just give me something to look forward to, something to change my mind before I do something stupid, because it seems like it's the only way I won't feel like I've been poisoned from the inside at the moment.

EDIT: Thank you all so much for your support, it's still going to be hard but from what you've all said taking some time for myself is definitely the best idea at the moment. In answer to one of the questions, I do contact juggling (I believe you call them Fugashi balls in America) and I'm learning a few card tricks, so I have something to keep myself occupied.

again, thank you all."
"I don't know Reddit ... I almost feel like I've been living a complete lie the past year or so.

So, here's the gist of it all: About half-way through my Junior year of highschool, I was told I wouldn't be able to graduate on time. With my current grades, and my GPA, they told me it wouldn't be possible. So, me and my dad talked (My parents are divorced, it's kind of confusing), and he said I could move over to his place and get my GED (He offered to pay for it, my mom couldn't). Of course, me being my stupid self and not planning ahead, decided to go along with it. I was never really that into highschool, I wasn't very popular, and a lot of my ""friends"" I didn't even get along with, so I thought what the hell. It's worth a shot, right?

Now, here I am, 6 months later, sitting on my ass all day and night with nothing to do, trapped with a family I don't even like. I'm currently taking anti-depressants (Zoloft, Minimum dosage, started about 2 weeks ago) and I suffer from moderate Agoraphobia. I just recently spent Christmas with my mother; Over the time I spent with her, I've had a lot of time to reflect, and I honestly ... I just don't understand it. I'm confused.

I feel like, now that I'm out and nearly living on my own, I *need* to be an adult. I *need* to be all these things that I'm not -- and yet, my dad gives me a hard time about not having a job; I almost feel like he wants me to be something that I'm not, and the whole reason why he let me in was because he wanted to spend time with me and that's it. I'm 17 and eventually I'm going to need to pay for college when I turn 18, and I have no idea where I want to go once I'm out on my own. I also have next to no social life, which doesn't help when you have social anxiety!

I just ... I seriously can't handle it. I'm not suicidal, but I'm afraid that eventually I will be, and the fact that I'm actually thinking about eventually thinking about something like that makes me incredibly nervous. Sometimes I just feel like crying, because I don't know what to do."
"Hey there Reddit. This is the first time I have ever actually contributed something to the site. Just a shame it's in this sort of manner.

To cut a long story short - my mum tried to kill herself on Christmas day. She took an overdose, was rushed to hospital and somehow, some way managed to survive the overdose. The doctors told me she would most likely die when I saw her there.

I have never cried so much in my life. And I'm a 26 year old guy who doesn't cry.

Her husband ( my step dad) is not really being too strong for her. At the moment, I am the only one holding everything together. I am the one being strong for her, and for her husband. 

Last night, I went out for a few drinks and cracked. Started fighting with 20 random guys. 

This has made me realise that I am going to need somebody to support me through my supporting of everyone else.

Which leads me to my question - what resources are available in the UK for people in similar situations as myself. Like a help line of some sorts which can give me advice on how best to deal with this, and what course of action to take. I don't think the Samaritans are the right guys because I myself am not suicidal, I just need some sort of anonymous help to be strong for everyone else right now.

Thank you for listening Reddit, and wishing you a merry Christmas."
"hi
my mind is fucked up i dont know what to do"
[removed]
"I should start saying I have many mental disorders, bipolar disorder amongst them. Lately I have not been doing good at all. My fiance left me this year out of seemingly nowhere and that devastated me. My financial situation SUCKS. My best friend died a few months ago. My second best friend, my cat, is about to die as well.

My mood swings have been incredibly severe these past few weeks. I am getting thrown in huge fits of rage (I've never experienced actually anger before this either), sadness, apathy and just emptiness. I've been committed twice this year but both times seemed to make me worse than better.

To make matters worse, my grandfather is on vacation and I know the combination to his gun safe.

I see a psychiatrist and therapist regularly and have been tried and tested on so many meds that there are not really any left to try. I feel like a prisoner of my life at this point..."
"Here it is in a nutshell.
I graduated from collage with a very unique AND useful degree in the area of medicine, I had challanged the idea of having a baby between finishing my degree and before my career (if i can get it going).  I found who I thought and for the most part is still the right partner...I did not want to get married again- just my preference.  I am 4 months pg, thing have been extremely stressful, the things i have needed emotionally and financially are not working.  On top of all the things people never warn you about I was hit with something called Gender Disappointment.  It feels like an understantement but it is serious.  I don't have any parents my dad committe suicide while i was talking to him, or family, just a few friends, my partner tried to kill him self earlier in Dec. because he thought I would leave him (and i would if he isn't a good thing for me or the baby anymore, it is too important).  No one took that gesture or what it did to me seriously, pg women and adrenaline don't mix at all it fucks with you differently than how you are used to it non-pg.  There is a general disparity for pg women, even ones like me who hate the idea of becoming a 'breeder', I just wanted one thing to be ok in my life something to invest in.  I have not heard even one Congratulations from his family.  I was all alone this christmas, as usual.  My partner quit his job suddenly and is generally unstable but only when I am...I am on food vouchers, I am not gaining weight to their standards and face being labled 'anorexic' or in reality they write it as 'failure to comply with necessary perscribed diet', implying I have been acting stingy about food, I am not nor do I have those issues, just stress.  My body is always worrying and usuing up the stores I can make.  My depression is increasing, my guilt is now overloaded as I contemplate killing myself.  I don't want my babe to die, I do not want to kill him, I already made that decision before 12weeks to keep it...it is hard that I have not been able to properly bond to it and what is happening to me, pg is supposed to be challanging and there is so much to feel and remember...it is the worst nightmare to feel stuck in one youdon't want.  I would want it more if it was a different gender, I would want my life more if I had somewhere I could afford to live and grow pg in peace or take baths when I need them, I would want my life more if I could bring the stress down so I could bring my appitite back, if I had money enough to buy the food I need to give the appitite if the stress would come down which requires some one to be there for me, happy for me, love me, go through this with me amazed like I am and more.  I need some one to help me up, I'm all alone now what?"
"came here.... i dunno why?.... i guess i was hoping to find i dunno what fuckit anyways...... read some posts and now i have to deal with all this shit..... blah blah blah think about the loved ones!!!!! so now i have these things to think about.... what a fucking asshole i'd be leaving my family and loved ones behind like that... FUCK THIS SHIT.

guess i'll just go on feeling worse than miserable because hey, wouldn't want to inconvenience the people around me right?! THINK OF THE YEARS THEY'D BE HEARTH BROKEN OVER THIS SHIT... SURELY YOU CAN GO THROUGH A LIFE OF MISERY TO SPARE THEM THIS FATE??? AFTER ALL... YOU OWE YOUR PARENTS AND FAMILY.... THEY MADE YOU WHO YOU ARE!!!!!!

and the best part???! this shit seems to fucking work on me! fucking stopped me again!!

fuck this fucking shit fuck everything fuck you WHY THE FUCK AM I NOT ALLOWED TO END MY LIFE WHEN I CHOOSE TO? WHY THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO KEEP ON GOING??? WHAT'S THE FUCKING POINT???? WHY THE FUCK IS EVERYONE IN THIS WORLD SO ANTI SUICIDE???? WHY THE FUCKING STIGMA??? WHY THE FUCK CANT PEOPLE GET THE FUCK OVER THEMSELVES BE HAPPY FOR THE HEROES WHO TOOK STEPS TO END THEIR SUFFERING........??????????

FUCK

THIS

SHIT

edit: **PPPPLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE PLEASE OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD**

edit2: allright, i still feel like shit but ive decided thats only normal and at the very least i owe it to myself to make one more attempt, so i'm selling some shit so i can pay back my sister and then im going back on a jobhunt so i can pay back my gf...... and maybe stop feeling so useless

edit3: just read the thing that was posted in the sidebar @ http://www.metanoia.org/suicide/ and it helped me alot, i no longer hate myself for having these feelings... also i did the 4 minute depression quiz and i guess i didn't really need a quiz to tell me that i'm severely depressed.... so so i sent an email to my doctor asking him what i can do about it (it's nighttime now but i think he'll answer tomorrow or so)

i hope i can keep this feeling going, 

right now... i haven't eaten anything for days so i'm going to go and try to find me a nice big healthy meal and try to eat it all

edit4: i intend to keep using this account, so i can post updates etc... i think it will be a good tool to help me fight my depression and get over my suicidal thoughts.

edit5: mailed my doctor, appointment next year... i woke up feeling all better thinking WTF happened yesterday.... ready to just forget about this (again) or even going back and deleting everything but then i saw a message someone sent me and they said they were ""bi polar too""... i was all like wtf when i read the wikipedia entry on it..... i don't want to self diagnose but yeah i recognize myself in it soooooo much, i will mention this to my doctor as well."
[removed]
"I escaped ""the phones"" by graduating with a Bachelors. I graduated Summa Cum Laude. I taught for a few years the was fired for my homeroom's reading gains or lack there of. I currently make 18 an hour in a city in the south that 12.00 is the norm for unskilled labor. I am now stuck back on ""the phones"". I think of suicide daily. My blood pressure is 233/147 and I am overweight. I stopped smoking but that made the weight gain worse. I cannot derive any satisfaction from my job. People always say at least you have a job. Why why why?? SO i can pay a fucking mortgage, an electric bill that rivals a car payment, insurance, and gallons and gallons of overpriced gas and a myriad of other fucking bills. I want to end this more than words can say. I do get to go to the movies but I haven't had a vacation in years. I have no health insurance because what my company offers is an High deductible hsa bullshit scam. I hate this police state country that rivals the USSR in trampling civil liberties. Im 36 and my life blows. I actually cry at work when I think about how I wasted my life and education. I refuse to take calls for the rest of my life and the thought of it makes me want to swallow a 7.62*39 millimeter round. I can't take this existence much more. I have pawned almost all of my shit just to get by. I feel just as broke as I was when I was 20 staright out of the Army. Why the hell can't I traverse social classes why must I be lower middle class/working poor for the rest of my fucking life. My self esteem is in direct contrast with my reality and I am more disillusioned than ever."
"Warning: I'm quite upset. I sincerely want to help her, but am currently so frustrated with my younger sister that I can only express her issues in a very negative light. I love her very much and want her to live, that's why I'm so upset. 

My sister is a psychopath. She wasn't getting enough attention or love or something and now she's acting like a psychotic witch. It's GIVE ME WHAT I WANT OR I WILL KILL MYSELF! Everyone is afraid of her, afraid to do the wrong thing, afraid of everything about her. She's serious about killing herself too. I told her she'd be sorry for the way she's treating me and she told me there won't be a later. The next day or so, she's always sorry. But fuck that. Little spoiled brat doesn't get free-license to treat me like shit.

She spends bad days alone in her room, and screams at anyone who goes into it. This is especially problematic because we live in a small house. I don't actually live here, I'm just here for the holidays, and then I'm moving in with boyfriend. But anyway, in this small house, she is the only one who gets privacy, who gets her own room, and it's on the main floor, so everyone on the main floor must be whisper quiet. 

This is unacceptable and ridiculous. 

I am the only motherfucker who pushes back when she acts like a little shit. I am the only one who tells her that if she's going to kill herself she can fucking shove it. I am the only person who communicates that this behavior is unacceptable. I'm also the only person she seems to sincerely care about when she's not suzzie-gonna-slash-my-wrists.

That's who I am though. When Dad is being a drunk, I tell him he's a fucking drunk and that until he can be sober, I don't want to fucking hear it. I confront problems. That's what you do when people are mistreating you! 

And this little shit has the whole fucking house around her goddamn fingers because she's GOING TO KILL HERSELF1!!!!! She's been doing this song and dance for the last six months? She dropped out of college because she was GOING TO KILL HERSELF!!!!! 

She has insane body issues. She's an amateur model. She wants to be a professional model, so she has to be insanely thin. She never eats anything, unless she's bingeing. And then she just fucking eats EVERYTHING in the house and then hates herself for it for the next 1-2 days, and takes it out on everyone because SHE'S GOING TO KILL HERSELF!!!!!!

I want her to fucking take her antidepressants. She won't take them because she convinced herself and my mom that they make her fat and that she's allergic to them or some ridiculous bullshit like that. 

I want her to fucking GROW UP. 

I want her to fucking WANT TO GET BETTER, because I cannot do this anymore. Mom can't do this anymore. Her fucking illness is ruining my family and I can't fucking deal with it. 

We literally have to put someone on the door to wait and make sure she doesn't try to leave in the middle of the night to go kill herself or something. She's constantly screaming about how she has nothing in her life anymore because she dropped out of college because SHE WAS GOING TO KILL HERSELF!!! and she doesn't have any friends because if ANYONE looks at her they're staring or glaring or something similar.

AND MY FUCKING MOTHER FUCKING TREATS THESE CLAIMS LIKE THEY'RE MOTHERFUCKING VALID. No one is fucking staring at her, no one is glaring or any of that goddamn shit, people are treating her like a fucking random ass person. 

Ever since money became an issue she's gone FUCKING CRAZY. And she's not in therapy because she tried like three sessions of therapy and decided it wasn't going to work.

What the fuck too, why am I the person in charge of making these people work? Huh?! I know fuckall about anything, when I got appointments for my depression my mother was like ""don't trust a therapist! they'll turn on you!!! don't tell them that your father is a drunk!!!""

She's 19 years old, which means legally, the dumb bitch could leave whenever she wants, but she won't because she has no money and no marketable skills. She's only modeled which is more a job of vanity than anything else. It doesn't make money. 

And she uses modeling as this crutch constantly. She wants to be insantely thin so she can model, blah blah blah so she can model. if she can't fucking model she's going to fucking kill herself--I CAN'T TAKE IT. Fuck modeling.

My mom refuses to push back on her about anything because she'll ""make it worse"" and she wants it to get better. It's fucking spiraling out of control. There's no way to just buy the fucking bitch shit so she'll feel better, because half of the time the spoiled brat just throws the things or cusses us out for trying to help. 

**What the fuck should/can I do?** Do I fucking throw her in a car and take her to the hospital and really piss her off? Do I let my incompetent parents deal with her?! Their solution is to bend to her wishes and try to ""make it better, not worse"". I really have no clue how I should deal with this, but I'd like to keep her alive. 

*Advice, please? Seriously, anything.*"
"I cant remember when it changed from being happy with small bouts of sadness to being depressed/indifferent in general and having to fight for little moments of joy.

 From the exterior, I'd imagine people would assume the opposite about me. 21, in college. Between summer 09' and summer '10 I lost over 60lb and continue to stay in really good shape. I'm a good looking guy and meet a lot of really attractive girls. I'm not by any means shy in social situations and I have a lot of people I'd consider good friends and several best friends who I know I can trust.. I have a pretty cool job(bartender in one of the college bars) that gets me a lot of attention from girls and I'm financially secure with no debts. While I have a pretty bad history in academics, after failing my final year in secondary school, I decided to repeat and did well enough to get into a pretty good college. I've kinda slacked in that department since I repeated but my I'm not worried about failing upcoming exams(about 2 weeks).

I hate that the previous paragraph makes me sound so superficial but I think its relevant in that many of the things listed, when they elude, can be a source of depressive feelings..

About 3 weeks ago I had a breakdown, and constantly feel on the verge of another one. I'm not sure what the reason for this shit is but its getting a bit much. All I really remember was crying in my room and being angry that I have to fight my sadness so much for tiny moments of joy which I know will inevitably fade. It was the first time I thought about suicide in any serious manner and it scared the shit out of me. I've thought about suicide a million times, but from a hypothetical, curious aspect(I wonder how people would feel if I killed myself? etc.).. In my mind at least, I think thats pretty normal, even for people who are completely happy in their lives, we tend to play with curiosity a bit. 3 weeks ago, however, I remember in the middle of my downer considering 'maybe if you kill yourself the pain will stop' as a valid option.. It was like I've trained myself for that moment because as soon as I thought that, my brain kicked in with a 'WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU, WHY ARE YOU THINKING THIS SHIT' thought which sent me into a bit of a spiral.. I ended up leaving the house and trying to get to my college counselor as quickly as possible. I ended up being too late and it was closed, so I walked around the campus a bit crying to myself and decided to call into a friends dorm to try talk to him.. When I got there he was in the communal kitchen with some other people and I was too embarrassed to ask if we could speak alone while the other people were there.. Ended up just chilling out there for a while and calming down.. 

This post has no structure :/

What I want more than anything is a guide to being happy again..
Theres not much I feel that I need in terms of 'things' (job,gf etc.) and compliments I get seem to have no significance to me anymore. When I hear that a cute girl likes me it gives me about 10 seconds of satisfaction before I start tearing it apart coming to the conclusion that she doesnt really like ME, and sees me as more of a shiny object (oo hot bartender) that she can brag about.. I want to make this clear now, I dont see myself as something to brag about, I'm far too aware of my own problems to believe that.. unfortunately, from the things some girls have said to me, i know that some of them do think like that.

this is such a load of drivel, the only reason im writing it is because i promised myself i would about 2 hours ago.. i was feeling fairly low, said to myself id make this post no matter what(ive thought about it a few times, but usually didnt bother/stopped writing as soon as i stopped feeling bad) ..
its kinda funny when i think about the sequence of events of the last hour.. 
1. i was feeling SHIT about an hour ago and was crying as i empathized with other posts in this subreddit
2. then I searched the top posts and read a post about how doing charitable things helped this guy find some self worth and saved him from suicide.. 
3. I then decided I'll try this approach and see how it goes
4. I start to write this post, as matter of discipline more than anything, the whole time feeling that my sadness in part 1. was insignificant..
  I know it wasnt insignificant, only because it isnt the default emotion to be crying to yourself and empathizing with people who want to kill themselves. Still, the fact that it passed relatively quickly and theres not much evidence to suggest that it was ever there leaves me wondering..
"
"This is a throwaway. I've been reading a lot of these posts and a general theme seems to be ""this too shall pass"". That's well and good, and many things to pass with time, but what about the things that you'll live with the rest of your life, that will never get better with time and that you will never get over? 

As an example, I was in a car wreck (not accident, it was my fault) when I was 16. My best friend was in a coma for 6 weeks afterward and now has permanent brain damage and is incapable of communication, living on his own, being his own guardian, etc. I'm 38 now, and I live with the guilt of doing that to him every day. I also passed on an incurable STD, among other things.

These things do NOT get better with time. They are there every day. My emotions about these things have not changed, nor will they. I'm not looking for sympathy or help (so maybe this is in the wrong place-I apologize if it is), I'm just curious as to whether people consider these things when they post things along the lines of ""just wait it out, it will get better"". This isn't to say that things are hopeless- there are many, many situations in which time does heal all wounds, but I was just wondering what people had to say about the situations in which time doesn't do anything."
"I'm not quite suicidal,and although the thought crosses my mind from time to time I just don't have the backbone to go through with it even if I wanted..  I guess the problem is that I don't get satisfaction out of any particular aspect out of my life anymore.

It all started back about a year ago when my fiancee and I broke up.  Probably for the best, as we moved fairly quickly through each stage of our relationship, and unfortunately we have a couple of dogs together.  Around that time I started a new 9-5 job as opposed to the third shift which I had been working.  Over the course of a few months, I found myself quite alone.  My fiancee left and I have no friends, since I left most of them at my old job.  

A few months passed and I decided to have one of my buddies move in.  I thought it would be good; we get along well and I'd have some company.  Great roommate, he helps around the house and gets shit done, but he's the biggest alcoholic I've ever met.  This in itself causes a lot of problems for me because regardless of how well I get along with someone and appreciate that person as a roommate, it's depressing to watch happen.  

Meanwhile, I'm living in the same shit hole I moved into with my fiancee.  It has a nice yard, so I agree to take care of the dogs when she's too busy and/or out of town so suffice to say, I've never been able to make a clean break from this relationship (since I still deeply care about both her and the dogs).  

About two weeks ago she texted me out of the blue and asked if I wanted to do dinner and invited me over that night to stay the night.  I declined her invitation to stay the night, but did have dinner with her the next day and took her out to dinner and a musical a few days later.  Then ""radio silence"" set in.  She comes up with a different excuse every night on why she's too busy to talk (go figure.)  So, I feel like a sap, sitting there minding my own business, then getting my hopes up only to be crushed.  The dogs are still here, so I'm sure I will be talking to her again, but in the meantime I'm left wondering where we stand...it is torturing me and she knows it.  What I don't understand is that she needs me to take care of the dogs so she can leave town to visit family and just generally have a good time, meanwhile I never leave town, so I don't need her at all...so why would she do this to me, especially after I had been a complete gentleman and done nothing but try to show her a good time at her request?

Right now I have been living a very sad, lonely, and broken existence.  I have few friends to speak of because of the new job, my fiancee strings me along and I fall for it like a complete ass, and the few joys in my life that I do care about (the two dogs)are going to likely be taken away from me, or at least split up to try and finally make a clean break from this toxic relationship.  I do enjoy my job, but everything is starting to really wear me out, and it's affecting work, so I'm starting to feel like I'm on a runaway train here.  All day I look forward to punching the clock only to come home and wallow in front of the tv.  I don't feel particularly good about myself, I need to quit smoking, but damnit it's such a crutch right now that I feel like I really need it.  

tl;dr: I have a lot of problems in my life right now and I feel that trying to solve one problem is only going to create other problems, and I am overwhelmed.  Where do I even begin?  "
"If you need someone to talk to, are having a rough night, or are just feeling lonely, I want to talk to you! So, if anyone needs to talk tonight, tomorrow, ever... Shoot me a pm. I promise to listen, over an instant messenger, skype, the phone, whatever you want, and not to judge you. "
I'm just thinking about this logically before I decide.
"I've always viewed suicide as something someone does when they aren't serious about doing it and just want attention. I'm starting to understand though that it comes in phases, and I'm really feeling at times like I don't want to be here anymore.

I went to school for six years for a four year degree. I kept changing majors thinking like every ignorant college student does ""Oh, companies are gonna want me the moment I graduate"". During this time I made poor decision, racked up credit card debt, bought a motorcycle, etc.

When I graduated, I realized that getting a job wasn't easy. I'm currently working the same job I did in high school making just a little more than I was then. As I began to fall behind in payments on everything, I took out loans from my parents. As I tried to make payments on those, I started falling behind again, and now my interest rates are outrageous.

If I keep making minimum payments, I'll never get out on top. I feel like I'm fighting a losing battle here and I'm beginning to question why bother. I'm also lonely and I have no money to go out and do anything for the sake of being responsible.

Currently I'm about $40,000 in debt, with 30% interest on about 10,000 of that. The other $30,000 is student loans. I don't want to screw my parents over so I'm trying to pay back their loans. I live alone and I'm cold because I'm missing a wall (been working on repairing a crappy single wide trailer, don't have to pay rent on this place). Also, my crappy little job has started cutting my hours so I'm getting even LESS money, but every job I've applied for has said I'm either underqualified or overqualified. I've got several computer certifications and I graduated at the top of my program in college, I don't understand why things are so hard. 

To top it off, every time I start feeling bad for myself, I get guilty because I realize there are people with far worse situations with mine and that makes me feel worse.

TLDR; I'm depressed. I have enormous debt with seemingly no way out. I've applied for close to 100 jobs in the past 5 months and I'm tired of being rejected. I don't know what to do"
"Please hit the back button on your browser to, ""Paradox of an unsatisfactory situation"", I should have made the title key into the fact that i need help and i am pg.  I really want to fix it, like for real, I need help in that area or support, please. I feel so run down, so alone with a situation I have never been in before and I do not have a support system."
"In case anyone reads this: a status update to http://redd.it/erp2x.

Have been to the psychiatrist. She diagnosed me as ""one of the clearest cases of F43.1 she's ever seen"" (without telling me what ""F43.1"" actually means, seems it is PTSD - something relatively rarely diagnosed over here), and handed me some pills. 

I won't take those. These very pills spirited away my conscience once and made me a salivating idiot. I don't need my head packed in wool. 

When I mentioned my thoughts about ending, she cut me off imideately. She told me that if I said one more word indicating the mere possibility I'd choose death over carrying on, she was forced by law to bring me to a lunatic asylum, if necessary by the police force. So I kept quiet.

I asked about psychotherapy, when she snappishly announced she was a DOCTOR, and doctors work with chemicals to fix their patients. Besides, getting a psychotherapist means sitting on a waiting list for 5-7 months.

It seems my choices are as follows:

1. Take the pills, and stop being myself.
2. Talk to her about suicide, and spend the next 2-3 years on a ward with padded walls, devoid of freedom, while my problems only increase. Also be probably forced to take the pills, and stop being myself.
3. Self-medicate with beer and spirits.
4. Have a great idea and become the next Zuckerberg, solving all my problems overnight (hey, a man is entitled to dream)
5. give up. 

Quite frankly, this does not look so good. 


TL;DR: Thought it was a good idea to seek professional help. Was a rotten idea. "
"I just can't do it anymore.  I'm a college graduate, I work a decent job, and I have good friends.  And I haven't felt happy in some time.  Much less, I feel terrified all the time.  I spend all of my time worrying about EVERYTHING and can't function in day to day activity any longer.  I am so tired all of the time, and I feel like I'd be happy just to let go."
"too scared to jump

not afraid of heights

scared that i might survive and end up in a wheelchair"
"Remind me, why are we doing all this shit? What’s the point? This world is a cruel joke; a glimpse of how beautiful it all could be, spoiled by drooling crowds that prefer to bypass reality and pretend it is all pieced together for them personally.

Besides, how am I to know you all even exist? How do I know you’re not mobs in some Matrix-esque simulation? I try to believe there is something in my fellow man that sets us apart from the insects (hell, the trees) but the buggers keep getting me down.

I have too much to lose these days; too many hours spent getting my proverbial shit together. I don’t take risks. And now we’re not talking comfort-zone, see-new-people risks. I want to take the real risks. I want to challenge the fucking shit that holds my face down in the dirt, I want to shoot the people that I want to see dead. All primal shit like that. No after-thoughts; instinctive hates and passions. And I am held back by the ingenious trap into which I was born and raised.

**tl;dr:** just write something tangentially related to the title, like everyone else."
"I guess I will start by saying that I am thinking of killing myself.  I have been contemplating this for about four years but there were several fears that I had to overcome.  I'd say the most major one was the fear of death, it really scared me when I thought deeply about it.  About two years ago I experienced something traumatic but I now no longer fear death.  I am actually more intrigued by it now than fearful of it, which I don't necessarily think is an unhealthy way to feel.  The other major concern I had was how it would impact the people I know.  I will admit that years ago I almost wanted people to feel sad about me dying, but now it sickens me that I ever felt that way.  I believe that my death would have a prolonged negative impact on my family/friends which is something that pains me to think about.  If they knew the relief I would get, that all I wanted was for it to end, then maybe it would help to ease their pain.  I would never express these feelings to them except in some sort of suicide note after I have died, I do not want to burden them with more emotional pain.  That is why I am writing this here, because you all have no personal connection to me.  I like to think of myself as logical, intelligent, and reasonable.  That last few years have just been an endless cycle of job searching for months, getting laid off(never fired), foodstamps, homelessness, dwindling health, and overall frustration.  I have been very actively searching for work in my area by methods such as walk-ins, telephone, internet, and word of mouth.  I do not have a very impressive work history since it has all been the first available jobs (usually just grunt-work) and then getting laid off after a few months.  Would you apply to be a cloth diaper cleaner, fast food worker, dog shit remover, janitor, sewage plant worker, hazardous material cleaner?  I have, it's just a fucking job to me, I don't care.  I never got any of those jobs but I am just trying to establish that I literally would apply to anything I heard of that seemed like it could pan out.  I'd be lying if I said I didn't have any money as I do have three dollars left and maybe a bit more change.  I had saved up a bit of money from my last job but was laid off, and this month is the last month I am able to pay (cheap) rent so on Saturday I need to GTFO.  I have no car, bike, or phone anymore and luckily I have no debt at all.  Through the last few years I have overcome the fears I had related to suicide and I now desire it.  A couple years ago I decided the method to kill myself which would not leave remains or evidence for others to deal with.  I hiked into the mountains and found my spot, it is so beautiful and peaceful that every time I think of it now I feel energized and vibrant.  I actually have more that I would like to say but my room just got back/

This post grew very out of hand quickly.  It was not only about being jobless although that definitely contributes to how I feel.  This is not a shot at you cubintraining although I realized what I had done from reading your first comment.  Please understand that I know what being ""sad"" feels like and I do not feel that way.  I know that thinking about a subject like this for so long can change your perception of things as well.  I am not what I understand to be crazy or normal, although I dislike those terms anyways.  I will not continue further about anything relating to what I have done or would like to do.  All I am hoping to accomplish by posting on here is that I might hear a viewpoint that I had not considered already.  I have surpassed my last inhibitions but I still wanted to be sensible, to see if someone had realized something I had never contemplated.  I no longer feel emotionally attached and the thought of being dead is making me feel more and more euphoric.  "
"Dear reddit,

I never felt I'd resort to an online community for support, but I am feeling like I am trudging on my last leg, and if anything, need some semblance of other human support, for I am dreadfully scared of where my own mind is taking me.

About two years ago I was living in an apartment while taking classes at a local community college.  Most of my friends used my house as a party pad, showing little remorse or respect for my home or my personal belongings.  After several altercations/complaints and being the thick-minded individual that I was, I began cutting off certain people from coming to the house, and eventually had to cut out partying at my house altogether when that wasn't enough.  Sure enough, those people slipped from my life.

I drifted off into solitude and became very depressed, signing up for more classes and hours at work to fill the emptiness time, and then coming home at the end of the day to smoke pot until I passed out.  Having only one free day a week with the schedule I created for myself, I would spend that day every couple of weeks eating mushrooms and tripping out.

After a few times of doing this I developed a condition known as HPPD (hallucinogen persisting perception disorder).  I continued to hallucinate and have consistent flashbacks.  I tried fighting through it, convincing myself it would go away, but after a month I approached my parents to seek professional help.  I was put on a variety of different medications to counter-act the symptoms, but anything I was put on made it worse.

I became completely non-functional, developing a severe panic/anxiety disorder.  I dropped out of school for the time-being, only after being accepted into a number of fantastic universities who withdrew my acceptances after I was unable to complete my units.  My parents kept pushing me to live my life, but eventually I had to quit my job too, and moved back in with my mom.

After 9 months, no signs of improvement, and several suicide attempts, I took a leap of faith and used the entirety of my trust fund to check myself into rehab.  I spoke to the director of the rehab and after he seemed to have a finer understanding of my condition and how to treat it, I felt it was the most viable option.

After two months of being in rehab, I finally cleared up, and for the first time was able to function again.  It was one of the most gratifying and positive experiences of my life, and I had gained many new fresh faces to be a part of my life.

I stayed in rehab, but about two weeks later I began experiencing one of the most painful burning and throbbing sensation down the left side of my face.  The directors of my rehab completely ignored the problem, thinking it was all in my head.  I felt so betrayed, that the people who had once helped me so much were completely ignoring something which was causing my so much distress.

After some pleading I was finally able to get into a neurologist who diagnosed it as trigeminal neuralgia.  The counselors at my rehab did not take the issue as seriously as I needed them to, and eventually I checked out, realizing this was another issue they were not going to be able to help me solve.

A month later a doctor was able to find a lump in my cheek that was the center of the pain.  It turned out to be a benign tumor, which was removed by a surgeon.

As time went my friends from rehab died out, many of them relapsing and going back to their old ways.  One friends stayed put for a while, but he was gay and developed a huge crush on me.  I had apparently given him the wrong impression by being completely comfortable around him (sleeping in the same bed, being affectionate as I would with any other male friend), and he eventually went off the wagon and our friendship dissipated.

The nerves in my face never completely healed.  Some of the more extreme pain died down after the surgery, but it never totally went away.  Because of pressure from my parents and financial problems I wasn't given the option to put life back on hold again to help solve the problem, so I began making a solid attempt to live a normal life.

I am now living on my own again in an apartment in West Hollywood.  I just recently marked one year since the pain in my face started.  I have very few friends around, as I don't get many opportunities to meet people.  I struggle to carry my body around through the pain and meet my responsibilities, but force myself to do it anyways, only to suffer through extreme anxiety and personal struggle.

I began doing acupuncture on a weekly basis approximately two months ago, and though I know the majority of skeptics on reddit would not take the practice too seriously, I can assure you it is the only thing I have found the helps in any way whatsoever.  But throughout the process the pain is still there, and because I never get a full semblance of relief, I find my mental health continue to dissipate.

I have been dating someone for almost 4 months now, and though she has been spectacular as a girlfriend, I have been struggling to hold it all together in my head.  I find myself over-thinking and over-exaggerating aspects of her and our relationship, to the point I have to constantly keep my mouth shut to avoid doing anything stupid.  I have considered the concept that I might not be capable of handling a relationship at the present moment of my life, but I also think I am not exactly in the position to be running away from people in my life who love and care about me.  I am fortunate enough that she demonstrates a tremendous amount of patience with me, even though I wish I could just appreciate that more than I do sometimes.

One of the most difficult aspects of all of it is the difficulty in taking any medication to help deal with these issues.  I cannot take any psychiatric meds, as they will cause my hallucinations to resurface again (I have also continued along in sobriety because of this).  I have a couple of bottles of non-narcotic painkillers, but even those happen to be a bit strong and can cause me some mental problems if I over-take them.  Not to mention they make me completely impotent.

I feel I'm stuck at a helpless spot, where I don't know what is going to help me or make me feel any better.  All I want is to feel relief and to allow my mind to shut off, but because due to all my physical and mental problems playing a constant role in my life, I have not been able to make this happen.  My therapist of almost two years works with me on a regular basis, but even she comes to a stand-still where she knows as well as I do that a lot of my problems won't die down until I am at a point where I feel physically comfortable and can relax.

I've reached somewhat of a breaking point, where I no longer feel capable of continuing on.  The thought of suicide is becoming more and more appealing, and if it were not for imagining the extreme pain it would cause to my loved ones, I would have done it already.

I don't expect any good advice or anything that will help bounce me out of my situation, because I know it is something I am just currently stuck with, but any sort of words that you think will be helpful might just give me enough to move on for one more day.

Thank you for your time."
"I have anger issues and I doubt I'll ever fall in love again, what is the best way to end it?"
"Having a really rough night. There's no one on who's interested in talking. I really wish there was someone in the room with me to talk to or just hold me. I miss that so much. :(

It's tempting. Oh so fucking tempting. After an agonizing few months I've become aware of how useless, how unloveable I am. I've pushed away the person that I love the most, I've flunked school, I've lost friends, I've fucked up my life. And I have a hard time seeing how it can get better.

 I'm not comfortable posting my entire story here because I know a few redditors IRL, and I wouldn't want them to see it (this is a throwaway account but still, they might recognize some details). I don't want to pollute the internet with my whiny garbage either, not more than necessary at least.

I don't know why I fight to keep going. It doesn't feel like there's any more hope. "
"I'm a terrible terrible person. I cheated on my wife. She is the most wonderful thing I've ever known and my self destructive tendencies got the best of me. 

Now she knows everything. I deserve everything that is about to happen and more. I hate myself more than I thought possible. I've never felt this low. I am physically nauseous at the thought of what I've done. I feel like there is only one person in the world right now that can help me and she wants to never see me again. I don't know how to make it through the night. please help

I've called two suicide lines and they both were pretty mean to me. I know what I did was wrong. I just don't know how to make it through the night. Please help reddit. I don't know where to turn. 

EDIT: I wish to hell I had someone to talk to. 

How do I make it through the night?? Is anyone there? "
"I'm so depressed it's disgusting. I can't work on school work, do simple chores or even interact socially anymore. I had this web of friends that I could talk to before, but it seems like they're all abandoning me. They're either too busy or not up for talking about my problems. I could never explain this to my parents. I've tried, and they won't take me seriously. I just see no purpose to this anymore, I mean, I don't even know why I'm on here. One less insignificant person, while there are actual problems in the world, is inconsequential. I've heard everything. Every word of advice, and none of it helps. I have all these dumb problems: I'm gay, I feel unnatractive, I'm not a good student, I got into all these drugs, I'm in love with someone who will never return that love. I just wish I could stop feeling. Sorry. This was a horrible rant, but I can't even think enough to speak coherently."
[removed]
"i'm a wreck and i hate my life. 

summer of 08 i got pulled over while driving a parents vehicle. it wasnt insured or tagged and they never changed the title over from when i sold it to them so the tickets were given to me. week or two later i lost my shitty job when the economy crashed and i've been unemployed now for 2.5 years. obviously without a job i couldnt pay on the tickets and they issued bench warrants, and those warrants are keeping me from getting a job to pay them off.

i tried staying with friends but nothing helped and 2 years ago i moved in with my mom while she said she'd help me pay them off. and nothings been accomplished.

i met this girl (isn't it always) while gaming online and we hit it off immediately. we quickly became best friends and more and have even met up in real life. this meeting went so well that we consider each other soulmates and had no doubt in our minds we would be together forever. this was the perfect woman. she has the biggest heart, shes so loving and caring and compassionate and she has this amazing daughter that i've also grown fond of and play well with. everything was ideal and we were discussing marriage after 2 years of knowing one another.

enter my brother. she crushes hard on him but tells me that its nothing because she knows i'm her soulmate and nobody can compare to me and i believe her even though it hurts because i felt the same way. it's been 5 weeks since that happened,

i'm having a horrible month, the worst of my life and i don't see the point of living in a world like this. where a family member tells you they want to help you get on your feet one day then pursues the girl of your dreams the next and not giving a shit about you. 

she got pregnant when she visited and then miscarried so there's that too. she tells me last week to not worry about things as much because she's not leaving me and tonight she tells me i may have lost her already cause her and my brother are doing nothing but get closer. 

i'm stuck in this shithole life. nobody can or even wants to help me, my family stabs me in the back, i lost my unborn child and the love of my life all in a few weeks. what's the point.

i can't stop crying, i don't stop hurting...i just want it all to end.

i'm a 25 year old male


EDIT: 12-31

Long day, finally got to talk to her. She says she doesn't love me anymore. I've lost everything. The future we had planned dashed to pieces. I'm done. You only find one person like that in your life, I won't settle for less and I shouldn't have to.

When the only person to truly love you can turn their back on you in a week's time...this isn't a world i want to be a part of. Thanks for the kind words all, but you can't win them all.

I'm sorry."
"Hi SW, I'm sorry this isn't related to suicide (although she has thought about it in the past) but I can't find an active addiction subreddit. My mother has been an alcoholic for 5+ years now and I've known about it for 2 or 3 years. My sisters have been abusive to her in the past because she wouldn't let them get their own way and she feels like a failed mother which I think is quite a big reason for her drinking (and her father dying who was her rock and her mother's death will make her feel alone). Whenever she gets money she will buy vodka and drink it till she falls asleep (although there have been times when she's stayed awake and drank....once she nearly burnt the house down and today we went shopping and she took a drink with her and hid it in her bag). She's seen a counsellor and they couldn't help, she's been to support groups and she said they don't help, I've tried to support her and be there for her to talk to and inspire her and it hasn't really helped at all. We've thought about rehab but we can't afford it.

tl;dr: My mum has an alcohol problem and I really need help...

Thanks for any help you can offer! I'll answer any questions that may help you to understand a bit more if it will help."
"Your suffering is JUST as valid as someone with a full on ""plan"" to kill themselves, even though it can feel selfish to think that way.

I don't want to say that your situation depends on the urgency of someone with the gun in their hand, ready to do it. Those should always float to the top. But we can still help.

Long story short, this was me for the last few months after moving from school to college and completely changing everything in my life. I had gone to a K-12 private school with 550 kids total, since Kindergarden, and moved out of state to a school of 28,000 grad and undergrad. My long distance ""girlfriend"" left me, my friends were all in different parts of the country, and I was struggling with the fact that I was a business school student that... hated business school. You know the next steps, got heavily involved in drugs that I hated using, which only made matters worse, got bad grades in easy classes, etc. Over thanksgiving break after bawling my eyes out to anyone who would listen at a friend's party, I got arrested on the ride home for making some awful decisions. If you want to know what I was arrested for, I'll go into it, I'm not ashamed, but this just isn't about me.

**My therapist would always first ask me ""Do you have a plan, have you taken any action towards suicide"" when I would bring this up in our weekly meetings. I felt like nobody would take me seriously unless I said ""Yes"", which I never did.** I remember telling people ""I want to go into a coma for the next few months"" because I could never do that to my family, but I didn't want to be alive. Anti-depressants certainly didn't help matters, I pulled myself off of them two weeks ago, but it's ironic that a prescribed drug can make those symptoms worse!

Anyways, I browse here now because I am willing to do ANYTHING to help saved friends, family, loved ones, internet strangers, redditors, whoever, from the same type of pain I went through. Even if you're thinking ""I don't want to be alive, but I am not going to kill myself"" you're in an awful place. Don't be afraid to ask for help, PLEASE PM me if you want to talk or anything. Especially if you're in high school, I was just there, I know what it can be like. That email address was expensive, might as well put my legitimate one out to you guys. I get emails to my phone so I can get back to you basically any hour of the day.

That's all, happy new years to everyone. You'll get through this period of your life.

**tl;dr: People in urgent situations are still very important, but don't be afraid to ask for help if you have ANY suicidal thoughts.** Any level of ""not wanting to be alive"" is a valid reason to post here or send any of us a message. Many others including myself will always be willing to help. Happy new year, 2011 will be better I promise!"
"I keep having these thoughts and its hard to explain but i dont know if im depressed, i dont know if im suicidal. I dont know if i need help."
"*I may not know you*

*I don't know what you've been through*

*But please don't do it*"
"I tried typing out my story, but I just got angry and frustrated.

Just please tell me there's something left to live for.

I'm sorry, but I really can't focus enough to type out why I feel this way. I'm shaking too much.

**Edit:** I really really need help calming down right now. I feel like I'm going to have a panic attack. All the methods I learned from my therapist are failing me. If you have any methods not normally said (count to 10, slow breathing, etc) please tell me. I could really use them right now.

**Edit 2:** I think... I'm going to be okay. Thank you. Everyone."
[removed]
"I am not suicidal, but I am posting this here in the hopes that some of the kind people on SW can help me.  This is a throw away account.

I am looking for some insight into why I experience life the way I do.  I am not asking for advice about taking an SSRI or exercising, because this isn't that kind of problem.  It's more about existential angst.

I am 51 and recently had a conversation with a friend who has known me for the past 30 years, knows my family and me inside and out.  We were talking about life in general and they thought I must be happy because my life looks good on the surface.  This led to a discussion about my frustration in life, with my inability to work toward things that I want and be able to have them.  This person agreed with me, that there was nothing in my life that I wanted wholeheartedly and got.  

That's my problem.  I don't ever get what I want and so I tend to tell myself I don't want things because I can't have them.  This doesn't mean that good things don't happen to me -- they do and I consider myself fortunate.  But if it is something I really want, I can't have it.

The great love of my life cheated on me, and I was devastated because he was the only man I wanted to be with and marry.  He did it so that I would dump him.  He came back later and told me it was the single biggest mistake of his life. 

That's the cruel irony of it all -- life often validates that what I wanted was good and noble, a worthy cause and so forth, but something that I am destined to not have.  

I married someone else, and made the best of it for more than a decade.  I didn't want to get a divorce, but he did.  This came right when we had reached what should have been the best part of our lives.  I spent years trying to hold the marriage together, to get him to want to be married, to at least TRY and work at it.  Nope.  He did everything he could think of that I would find unforgivable to sabotage the marriage (he admitted to this later) and I agreed to the divorce.  About two years later, and every year after that, he tells me that the divorce was the biggest mistake of his life.  That just made it all worse.

I had wanted to go to law school, but my parents opted to send a favored sibling to Europe to study art abroad and there was no money for me. I couldn't hack working full-time to support myself and going to school as well. I dropped out of college and managed to start a career.  I landed my dream job when I was 30.  For the first time in my life, I was excited about what I was doing, I was anxious to get up in the morning and get to work.  It was extremely rewarding, but the pay sucked and the hours were insane.  I didn't care.  It was awesome because it was the first time in my life that I was happy.  I know that sounds odd, but I was doing something every day that I loved.  Life had a magical quality and I thought that the good times had finally started.

That was one year out of all the years I have lived.

Then I got pregnant.  I had to quit my job because the pregnancy was troubled and I couldn't hack the 60-hour work week.  Now, I know a lot of people think children are the greatest (and I love my child), but it was something that I didn't want.  I had never intended on having children.  But on the outside, it looked great to everyone else.  I was heartbroken to have to give up my career.

There are numerous other examples like this, but I think you get the picture. 

I have resigned myself to being alone for the duration of my life, and had thought that I would at least spend the time focusing on those things which interested me. I thought I would dedicate myself to learning and studying those subjects I enjoyed.  I like to read and would pick up two or three books from the library each week.  I decided that was a good and worthy cause for my time, I would become more knowledgeable. It wasn't the ideal situation, but it was something I wanted. Well, then enters an eye problem and I have a lot of trouble reading.  I'm going blind. Scratch devoting myself to a quiet life of reading.

I no longer go after something that I want because my entire life is a series of failures in this regard.

I now feel like I am waiting for death.  I feel like all the hundreds of things I wanted to do in life are never going to happen as the opportunity has passed.  It wasn't from a lack of trying on my part.  It feels like I am being punished or that I cannot exert any control over even the smallest facets of my life.  Honestly, sometimes it feels like I am living someone else's life, because this in no way reflects the life I should have. 

I do not believe I should be famous, rich or even unduly successful.  I think I should be able to attain the modest goals I set for myself. I have asked other people if they have gotten what they wanted in life, and I have not met anyone who has had the experiences I have had.  

I find life very frustrating and cannot wait for it to end."
"I keep crying. I let no one see. In bed, tears fall but calmly. 

I always feel conflicted posting here. One, I feel like SW is such a nice thing, and I feel like I'm wasting it, or clogging it. On the other hand, I feel like I'm suffocating. I've tried to tell people about how sad I feel, but i've learned that people in person never understand the gravity of the situation. They never reassure, always impose their ideas of changing me for the better. ""Just go to grad school"". ""It's just all in your head."" ""Be stronger."" Maybe there is no gravity to my situation. I leave that a possibility. Maybe i'm a wimp. Why was I born a goddamn wimp.

Knowing suicide/depression is as common as it is. It always strikes me that we don't tend to each other as much as we know we should. "
But I'm too fucking drunk to even accomplish that. I am just glad that no one IRL (and the ones who do know this acct don't check it) knows this. 
"Is it normal to feel like nothing really matters?  I mean, I'm almost 30 and I've got a few things going for me - decent job, roof over my head...  But I really don't care, ya know?  The fact that it will all end one day kindof weighs on me and makes me feel like every day is so insignificant.

I drink a lot and I would probably admit that I have a drinking problem (8 pints in me atm), but my fear is how little resistance I feel about the end particularly after a night at the pub.  I've been in dark places in the past and for some reason pulled through, but as I've gotten older I've felt that there is so little to stick around for.

I have a good life and a family that cares so its not like theres some deep issue I need to overcome or anything.  Shit, give me a dog and a picket fence, and I've had a pretty damn perfect life so far.

But who cares?

I mean, the weight of the insignificance of everything really eats at me and makes me wonder why I go on at all.  

I almost feel like a few pills or a tie and a doorknob would be more like a cheat code to get to the end boss than anything else.  Cut to the chase so to speak.  I don't really believe in god or an afterlife, but if its out there, why not take the short cut?  What is so important that we prolong this inevitable for decades after we realize how little our existance matters?

How do we deal with it once we come to realize how little the average joe adds to the world as a whole?

As I said at the beginning, I'm not a big risk and will be ok tonight, but I really fear the places my head takes me.  There have been a few close calls in the past and even when I woke up sober, I had a tough time rationalizing the choice I made to wake up again one more time.  How do I get rid of this?  I know in my heart that I can grow to not feel this way but my analytical/utilitarian mind can't really sort it out.

When I was a kid, we had a swimming pool at our house and it was always a bit cold on the first dive.  I would stand on the diving board being unreasonlably fearful about the cold water, even though I knew full well that it wasn't so bad and that once I got in it would feel fine.  That's really how I feel about taking my life - I feel like once I am able to overcome the shock/fear and take the plunge that everything will sort itself out.

I know in my heart of hearts that this is an unhealthy state of mind but I can't argue my way out of it.  SW - how do you take your mind away from this feeling of inevitability and insignificance?  I feel that it is the poison that I'll succumb to some day soon.  I feel like I've rationalized my fear of the edge and know I'm standing right next to it.  I worry that when I get the slightest nudge, there won't be anything to hold me back.  I don't know how to save myself before that push comes along."
[removed]
"Follow-up to http://redd.it/erp2x and http://redd.it/et8mi : TL;DR: Broke, lonely, PTSD, up to the ears in debts I likely will have to pay back for about 5-7 years while living in poverty and in a dead-end job. Psychiatrist wants me to eat chemicals that would lobotomize me chemically.

Another years end. This time, I will sit in my bed, alone, while the world around me cheers and celebrates and has fun. I don't even know a single person in this godforsaken township, besides no money to go partying (something I have never done, btw); I have also no intention of going to my family and spend this year with cheesy folk music. It's the same as always... 

The longer I sit, the less I am motivated to give another day a chance. This gets worse each hour. I thus have decided to end this shit - after years of depression and trying to carrying on, I think I have earned that privilege.

I am actively researching methods to get of this track as painless as possible. /r/sw is not for discussing methods, and /r/suicide does not accept new postings. /r/righttodie is more about terminal cancer patients who seek assistance by MDs. Reddit has subreddits for everything, so where am I to search for method discussion?"
"It's new years when I live, I was out with a friend and everywhere I looked, there were happy couples, kissing, cuddling, dancing... 

The love of my life left me 5 days ago, kicked me out and is now 'in love' with a girl he works with. I have to see them, I live in a small town and they're both here. 

It hurts so much, I miss who I thought he was. I miss having someone to talk to, I miss having someone to just be there. 
I feel so fucking alone and hopeless. 

I was suicidal before I met him, he pulled me out of my hole and now that he's gone, I feel like I've fallen again. How do I stop missing him, how do I stop feeling like this?

I feel ugly, used, disgusting, foolish and horrible. How do I feel happy again?

EDIT: I want to thank everyone for the support, it's made me feel a lot better. Whenever I feel down, I'll look back on this post and read all the replies. "
"(Throwaway account because I don't want my friend to find this, because I'm scared she would stop talking to me if she knew)

Some background: My friend and I are in college and have been friends since 7th grade.  She has had a history of depression (she is on medication, she recently switched to a new one a couple of weeks ago, I don't know if she is having a negative reaction to it or not) since I have known her.  She was once in the hospital for trying to OD, and she has also dealt with anorexia.

My friend started a relationship with an older man at the beginning of fall, which ended one week ago. This relationship had been kept secret from her family (she did not tell them because they are very conservative and would not have accepted her if they knew) and most of her friends. She tells me that I am the only one that she totally trusts and who she can tell everything. The breakup has been very hard for her as she has been having to hold her feelings in while she is at home, unable to tell anyone but me. I have been talking to her on the phone a lot, as it is difficult for me to go and visit her. I have been trying to console her about the relationship, and trying to give her advice. I thought that out talks had improved her mood.

However, early this morning she called me crying, saying that she was going to kill herself and she had a suicide note ready (which she said she would send to her ex). She said she was going to call the suicide hotline but decided to call me instead.  Despite my advice, she has been talking to her ex, which have only made things worse and have got her to this state.  I have told her before to cut contact with him but she still loves him.  Her ex was many 'firsts' for her - she lost her virginity with him, and this was her first serious relationship.  She now feels 'tainted' for losing her virginity to him. After talking to her and calming her down, she says that she won't commit suicide because she ""won't get answers"" from him is she did. I have tried to tell her before that she should try not to dwell, and that she probably won't get all of the answers that she wants from him; she can't get in his head.  I am really worried that she will try to get all of the answers she wants and not try to move on. I am scared that she will be suicidal again. She does not have the money to see a therapist, however she does go to free counseling while she is at school.  She doesn't want to go back to school because it only reminds her of her ex. I don't know what more I can do to help her."
"Fail to see how this could possibly get easier. 

When my godfather killed himself, I was so unbelievably mad. I was mad because I was trying to grieve for him, but I couldn't do that 100 per cent because he *chose* to leave. How can you grive when part of you hates a person? You can't. So that made me madder still.

But now I get it. I get what it's like to have no one understand what youre going through. I get the way you did it too, like something out of those sci-fi flicks you used to watch. You strapped wires or, I dunno, electrodes, or something... to your brain and basically fried that fucker up for dinner. Because your mind was the only part of you worth losing. You could deal with amputation or paralysis, but no body would get that brilliant fucking mind of yours.

When they rolled you out on the gurney from the garage to the back of the car and your hand fell down, it was so hard to believe that non-moving lump was a *person.*  

I get it now though. I get how you can know that things have to change, and that you have to be the one to change them, but if you don't have the *confidence* to listen to your instincts, all you do is beat your head against the same brick wall and hope for a different outcome.

I don't know why I insist on doing that. Didn't Einstein say something like... hang on, I'll find it... Here: *Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.*
Well I'm not stupid enough to still have hope... I just wish I had the confidence to bash my head up against a new part of the wall..."
"for 2010:

i didn't kill myself

didn't get arrested for shoplifting


for 2011

i won't kill myself

i won't injure myself on purpose (cutting hanging soldering iron dxm etc)

i'll stop shoplifting


*what* *about* *you?*"
"After finding SW earlier this morning, and having read Nateking and Carinix's postings (among many, *many* others), I feel a lot more comfortable posting about my recent (NON-URGENT) suicidal thoughts.

My issue isn't that I don't want to talk about these thoughts with a close friend – I do – but instead that I don't have the words (or confidence?) to bring them up with these friends.

For example, the other day, after I spent most of the night sobbing into my pillow, wishing that life would be over and that I just had the strength/guts/motivation to do something about it, I was talking with one of these friends (and yes, I know I'm lucky that I have more than one of 'em). I told her about my dissatisfaction with my life, some of the problems I've been having, and the big contradiction I often feel like I'm living. But I didn't bring up the previous night's suicidal thoughts (though I wanted to).

Which leads me to the above question: how do I (and/or others) broach the subject with my (their) friends/family?

I know I want help. I know I want their help. I just don't know how (and am possibly ashamed) to ask for it."
"[Original post, here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/er84e/need_some_advice_for_a_friend/)

Thank you all for the kind words, help and advice.  Finally was able to hook up with my friend yesterday afternoon, and we had a great time hanging at the pub, watching some football, eating junk food, laughing, and some crying.

She was able to talk about her husband a little more, as well as some of the pain she's been going through with remaining family members.  I gave her the name and phone# for the counselor I found through the National Hot Line (thanks to SQLwitch for suggesting that), and she said she's going to call them next week.

I'm not going to hound her, but she says she is ready and willing to seek professional help, so I will be trying to make sure she follows through.

Again.  Thank you everyone who responded, it was helpful and very well appreciated."
"I am just saying thank you to the people who really are trying to help others in this world.  It is alright if you do not understand why they need help, and sometimes you may never understand.  For some people suicide is not vindication or revenge.  It is not the pursuit of mystery or pleasure.  It is my way to end the pain and it is a time for joy.  I was granted the boon of a fresh snow which never fails to  make me feel at peace.  I know that it may be hard to not associate a suicide with sadness or confusion and I did hope that maybe I could change that.  Perhaps I have, if only a little, but believe me when I say ""thank you""
JG"
"Hello, it has been 2011 here for almost 2 hours now. I'm not sure what I hope to gain from writing this. I feel so incredibly fucked all the time. I went to watch the fireworks of new years on a bridge with some people I know. All those flashing lights on the sky, and I really wished to jump headfirst in the ice below. I don't even know why. I think I've felt fucked for a long time. I'm rather young so it won't matter if I tell my feelings to someone in person, because it will probably just be considered as a phase or some shit. I drink myself shitfaced on every opportunity because I like to forget myself. Also I probably couldn't write this if I were sober. All my days are filled with quiet desperation and I just want to die most of the time. I do sit in school so I probably don't have a real future either. I daydream about suicide all the time. I don't have any close friends 'cause I can't really be honest with anyone. So I guess advice. Or if someone would like to talk to me would be fine too."
