"After hearing about the protestors at the Baghadad embassy, and Trumps idiotic tweets about Iran, if we just up and left them to there own devices and didn't get involved would they still hate us? Would it hurt their governments or relarions??"
"I assume there's different policies, but surely they wouldn't bar non-drinkers, right?"
"You know how when you go to sleep, you have no sense of time and wake up instantly? So would it technically be ""possible"" to travel into the future by freezing yourself? assuming of course that the future will be advanced enough to unfreeze you..

Or would you be in like a coma and awake for hundreds of years?"
"Hi Reddit. I’m asking for a friend, I hope you can help.

My girlfriend went to bed crying on New Year’s Eve. This year a close friend and work colleague killed herself after a long battle with depression, and another colleague is just now checking into a clinic, also for depression. Seeing the year tick over without her friend feels bad, but she can deal with that. She told me, however, that since she was little she’s been afraid of death. She finds it terrifying to think that you just up and disappear and that’s it.

I want to support her, but I don’t know how since my views on this are completely different. For me life is a biological miracle and death is normal. I only find sad that people get left behind to deal with it, and that some people never truly live. If I’ve had a good life and I die, I’d feel worse for my girlfriend than for myself (does that make sense?). She finds the whole thing very unsettling.

I am wondering if she can overcome this fear and if so, how. Any help is appreciated."
"The relationship between scientific publishing and actually created things can be puzzling. Science is definitely in the foundation of human advancements, but on the other hand, it's probably to some degree susceptible to ""publish or perish"" bloat and fads.

It may seem like in the modern world a lot of actual production research is kept obscure by commercial companies for competitive reading (even when they do publish some), and a lot of universities largely just keep their wheels spinning by researching for the sake of research, in fear of losing positions in academia.

Is science indeed somewhat like memes that come in waves and go, or should I revis
e my ignorance about it? Also, is there any metascientific research of how practical/bloated modern scientific publishing is?"
"Another way to phrase this question: 
What things/concepts/cultural traditions/natural features are essential to create, in theory, a somewhat accurate replica of the world as a whole on the scale of one country?

Also:
Do such ""model countries"" exist?"
"I have a young friend who I'm quite closed with, and she trusts me enough to sometimes tell me about her fears when she had a bad day.

She is someone who goes out a lot, recognizes many faces and is recognized by equally many, and has some rough teenage years behind her. She regularly worries about people who act out of the ordinary on the street, thinks people are judging her etc. She cares a lot about how people view her, this is why she is not really open about her worries with almost anyone. She frequents a psychologist, who says she is not clinically paranoid but somewhat leaning towards paranoia. About 90% of the judgmental looks she worries about are probably misinterpretations. When it gets bad, a random encounter can keep her down and inside her house for a day.

When she tells me about these things I rarely succeed at providing real comfort. She always prefaces what she is saying by making me assure I don't talk to anyone about it (hence using my alt reddit account - I can't really ask friends since they know her). I can definitely listen and nod, but that only goes so far. When talking in person, it's helped when I hold her and then eventually just distract her with some ice cream or other care but that's only possible after giving the conversation the time and attention it deserves. On the phone I can't provide any nonverbal comfort so it's much more difficult since I really have to say something.  
Things I can't really say:

* Saying it's probably nothing and don't worry. Generally people don't hold grudges for many years and definitely not on behalf of their friends. And people can make a strange face on the street for all kinds of reasons. Worrying doesn't help a thing. She knows all this already, but I've said it because I think it, and it upsets her because she feels like I'm playing down what she's going through.
* Saying it's definitely nothing - this is not true, as there  are indeed a few people who might hold a grudge against her.
* Saying I understand her. I haven't phrased it this exact way because I don't really understand it that well. We think and cope very differently.
* Also sharing a story about my own life or giving advice from my experience. I knew this is a little inapproriate but I've done it and of course it just detracts from what she is saying, since I just don't have the same experiences and have a lot more peace of mind in general.

I feel like I'm missing some obvious ones."
[removed]
[removed]
"Do any kinds of violation of well being of other people continue because once people were primitive and it's just passed to the next generations continuously, or violence frequently develops in human mind spontaneously out of nowhere? Would a momentary elimination of violence at least lower its occurrence in the future generations?"
"Recently I have asked myself, do prison sentences truly absolve your crime, and should they?  
I am very torn, and I do think it depends on the crime, e.g. if you comitted tax evasion and did your time then sure, go ahead and be a functioning, now tax paying member of society. However, if you misappropriated life savings of more than dozens of families I do think punishment in form of other peoples resentment is justified.

  
I guess my question is, how should life after prison look like? How can you balance between giving a second chance and making sure to not forget why someone went to prison in the first place. Or should you even forget?  


\*By punishment after a prison sentence I mean isolation from society, due to people not trusting the ex-prisoner."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"It just seems so faulty

Anyone can agree to “just say this”

People misremember things all the time."
"I'm really oblivious to politics, and I am trying to address that. So when I read news like this I have no idea if this is practically 100% a declaration of war, or it is only a slight provocation.

The way my brain works is through historical context. So, which escalating events in history:

* are definitely of less magnitude than this.

* are approximately of equal magnitude than this.

* are of greater magnitude than this.

And it kinds frustrate me that news site don't present the news this way in the first place. Or are there something wrong with my methodology?"
" ""True lovers don't say they love each other, they know they do.""
 ""True love is when the reality of everyday life seems like a dream, and every wonderful dream each night is fulfilled in real life.""
 ""The foundation of any love story is trust."""
" On Friday night I was browsing a porn sub and followed a link that had been posted. I didn't watch the video, but I'm fairly certain that it was just what the poster had said it was (the video had the title I was expecting and I didn't see anything illegal). However, when I clicked off back to the bing search engine, the description under the link said something along the lines of 'block vpn to view abuse', and I've been scared and panicking ever since. I'm not even certain that it was anything illegal, however I just wanted to know if there was any chance that I may have broken the law, or will get in trouble. If so, what can I do?"
"So me and this guy have been talking for ages now, he never accepted my friend request on Snapchat and won't let me follow him on Insta, when I told him about it and asked why tf he being weird about it he just played it off as usual and joked about it. Then I realised he's been talking to some other girl and I checked and he let her follow him. I literally don't understand I think it's really weird that he's doing this to me only and I have literally been talking to him for SO long. We talk on Instagram and I follow him but he's private and whenever I ask him why he doesn't accept it we just end up changing the subject. What would be a reason behind this because I genuinely don't know. 
(I know I'm sounding crazy rn and I'm probably overreacting but I just think it's weird)"
"Some countries have trial by jury, others have a single judge or multiple judges decide a case.  Have there been any studies that have analyzed whether one method is superior to others?"
I had this discussion recently and am interested in other people's opinions
"Hello True Ask Reddit, 

With the population increasing at a high rate from about 1 billion in 1800 to a little less than 8 billion in 2017 would it be likely that there is correlating increase in infertility in the human population to balance this change and provide a ceiling to the increase? Would the human body consciously shut down its reproductive abilities in order to sustain their entire population's survival. I understand this is a complex subject but a similar observation has been observed in animals in the wild when the population density in a certain area is large. 

I'd be interested to here some intelligent input on this topic, have any of you biologically minded folks studied this sort of thing or have any general thoughts."
I do believe it’s because they’re narcissistic themselves to a certain extent or just retarded.
" Almost every comment section online whenever she is mentioned always fills up with an overwhelming amount of hate comments, some constructive but most of them are full of hate.

The comments usually say things like:

\-She should stay in school if she wants to make an difference.

\-She is brainwashed and usually exaggerates the causes and threats of climate change.

\-She is to young, has asbergers and have no touch with reality.

I'm not arguing for what is right and wrong but i'm always baffled by the amount of pure hate comments she gets online.

So why do so many people hate a 16-year old girl that wants to save the world? I realize there´s a lot of discussion and opinions regarding climate change, but i can´t understand why thousand and thousands of people hate a 16 year old girl that´s trying to save the planet. 

I´m basically asking if the things people write about her are justified or not. 

Thank you to anyone who want´s to answer."
"Do your parents use this? For example, if your younger sibling doesn't do his dishes and then your parents do it for him instead of calling them to do it and you tell them it should be your sibling doing it and then they say something like: ""we did your dishes when you were his age, too"", like what?? That excuse is trash, ""oh we let you murder someone, your brother has the right to murder someone as well"" no??? You're just showing me how you decided to make the same mistake twice! Now you complain when I don't do the dishes, because you always did it for me!! And the same thing will happen to my siblings. Parents, don't do this, use what you learned while raising your first kid to help you get through your secand, third child, not to repeat the same mistakes."
"So my gf went shopping at burlington and her ending reciept was like $160 so she paid with 2 $100 bills one has a blue strip and the other was an older hundred. The cashier refused to take the older bill, (she didn’t even test it) she just flat out refused to take it cause “it’s an old bill” is that legal?"
"Taking into account practical real world concerns such as the funds required, the policies that have to be enforced etc. Is it possible within a reasonable time frame to actually restore deserts to green spaces ?"
"What has worked better for you and why? 
Are there other aspects to each of the approaches you’d like to add?"
"I picked up the plastic zip bag the tortillas come in, accidentally grabbing by the bottom. The zip was opened; whoosh the stack of torts landed on the floor in front of the coffee maker: High Traffic area. We are a shoes-on household. Only the bottom tortilla touched the floor. I took a basting brush and brushed off the 'floor tort'. Put them all back in the bag. At this point I wasn't mindful to which one was the germy one, and which one was the 'top' one. So, there are 2 questionable tortillas in that stack.   
What do you think the germ colony consists of? And would you eat that tort? I think I would. The pack'll likely sit there for a day or two before I have one."
what do you think
"This is taken from a episode of Elementary ( modern take on Sherlock Holmes but in New York) where a genius  billionaire decided to use his social media empire ( something like Facebook but for good)  by adding a programming and alghorithm that detect people that planning to commit crimes and stop them before they commit the crime. Some other movies and series like minority report suggest a programming that can stop crime before it happens.

What do you think of a elaborate algorithm and programming that can scan the internet , servers and email to detect and prevent planned crimes ? Who would you trust with such a software ?  What do you think of such idea ?"
"What would be the best choice in this case, in order to land a job at an international law firm? English is not my native language."
"As this is an education related forum, I hope my request for comments is not too off-mark here. If this is not the right forum then please point me in the right direction.

I am soliciting comments and feedback on an idea related to making education accessible to students and at the same time increasing teacher's income. I have put my ideas in a document [here](https://gitlab.com/bsldld/s/blob/master/README.md).

Please do participate with ideas, suggestions and critic."
[In their statement](https://people.com/royals/prince-harry-and-meghan-markle-announce-shocking-move-to-step-back-as-senior-members-of-royal-family/) they mention that they're going to seek financial independence.  Isn't Harry like a millionaire many times over?  What exactly do they mean?
"Factual impossibility *""occurs when a circumstance or fact* ***unknown*** *to the defendant prevents him/her from bringing about a result""*. But what of the impossibility that occurs when circumstances or facts **known** to the defendant prevent them from bringing about a result? For instance in the 1st scenario, A and B plan on having a night to themselves, and A purchases a gun before meeting with B. A does not intend to injure B with the gun, but does not care if B is shot or injured either.

A themselves gives B a bullet-proof vest as a present telling B ""to wear it now and see how the armor fits B"". B agrees and wears the bullet-proof vest.

A knowing that B has already worn the bullet-proof vest -- the personal armor that completely and 100% stops a bullet from penetrating or injuring their body, and imagine this bullet-proof vest 100% stops a bullet in a way that B would never be able to suffer from any bruising after being hit that could result from being hit with other forms of armour on -- takes advantage and shoots at B right then and there.

Though 'non-consensual' (B did not consent), it is impossible for B to be injured or suffer from any bruising due to the personal armor surrounding their body that A knows of, and it is due to this fact known to A that A knows prevents them from injuring B that A uncaringly shoots at B with their ""it's impossible for B to get shot or injured anyways so who cares?"" attitude.

What crime should A be charged with in this 1st scenario? If it is an attempted crime A should be charged with, what attempted crime should it be?

In the 2nd scenario, what if A knows the gun has no bullets in it (A knows because they never placed any bullets in the gun and made sure it is empty), but proceeds to fire the empty gun directed at B as they press the trigger of the gun they know is empty with their ""it's impossible for B to get shot or injured anyways since the gun is empty so who cares?"" attitude? What crime should A be charged with in this 2nd scenario? If it is an attempted crime A should be charged with, what attempted crime should it be?"
"and it's my first time,  so me and my coworker decided to cut it off since he's done it several times before.  The boot has a built in tracker and it says ""don't remove"" (I saw this after I cut it). I plan on paying what I owe and them forgetting about the boot, hopefully that's the case and I don't end up getting fined or jail time. 

Anybody have this happen before? Or know anybody that removed a boot before?"
"https://www.oneangrygamer.net/2020/01/why-companies-will-continue-to-go-broke-in-2020/100900/

The link above makes this case about ""get woke, go broke""

However I think it is something else. 

First off, their mantra of ""go woke, get broke"" constantly fails on numerous occasions, as seen in these comments:

https://disqus.com/home/discussion/oneangrygamerhd/get_woke_go_broke_the_master_list/#comment-4715015098 https://disqus.com/home/discussion/oneangrygamerhd/nwa_powerrr_censors_jim_cornettes_commentary_following_complaints/#comment-4698423143 https://www.reddit.com/r/BestOfOutrageCulture/comments/e741kd/its_funny_how_antisjw_critics_praise_comics_that/

Secondly the tech industry as a whole seems to be suffering massive layoffs: https://www.salon.com/2020/01/08/tech-industry-layoffs-rose-351-percent-in-2019-is-a-recession-starting/

So what do you, the people at home, think?"
"Probably doesn’t fit in this sub, I really don’t know I’m kind of new. But I don’t know what to do or feel anymore. Please read and I’m sorry for the mistakes. 

Hey, 
So I’m a teenage girl who really needs some reality advice. 

Long story short, my dad left summer of 2019. He basically left while I was in school. My mom tried talking to him and say come back we can talk about it. He kept saying no and said that they’re divorced. I was still in school. I’ll basically just say how everything went. 

My dad came back from a vacation which he spent half in Paris and half in our home country. He came back on May 11 I believe. So I remember asking him before he left to Paris why he was leaving. He told me that he had things and papers to sign. I was like okay that’s fine. So the day before he left my mom and 2 sisters him and I sat down together and spoke about literally everything and my mom offended him I guess by insulting his sisters. But his sisters did my mom dirty. After that we all went to bed. My mom and dad don’t sleep together, I don’t remember the last time they did. So I remember when my dad was in France we spoke via whatsapp, his profile picture was of all of us including my mom and sisters. After a bit he cropped my mom out which was very odd. He was supposed to spend a week in Paris. After that his brother got a common injury in his leg. So my dad went to our home country and spent the rest of the month there. My sisters and I spent exams without him and his support while he was supporting his brother who had a lot of other people supporting him. 

My older sister fell and her ankle hurt so she couldn’t drive home from school. She called my dad asking for advice and he said “I’m eating dinner with people, I’ll call you back later.” She didn’t know what to do at all so her friend just used my sister’s car to drive her home. This might get confusing so let’s pretend my older sister’s name is Sally and my twin sister is named Emily. So yea Sally’s friend drove her home in Sally’s car. My dad was always talking about how I didn’t call him but I snapped and said that he had 55 missed calls from and he was saying how I never called him but the thing is I was. After my dad came back on May 11th he came with his brother. We’ll call this brother Sam. I haven’t seen Sam in about 6 years I’m pretty sure. We all spent dinner together without my mom since she was working. They both decided to sleep downstairs for the night. But before they went to sleep my dad wanted to give Sam a house tour. The odd thing was he showed Sam my closet. My dad keeps some of his stuff in my closet which I didn’t notice that fact until later. They spent about 30 seconds to a minute. The next day the 12th we all spend dinner together again including my mom, the day went by normal. Then on the 13th my aunt’s family comes over and my uncle’s too. Everything was good and they wanted to see Sam and my dad. I was sitting next to my dad and I remember looking at his face and just noticing something was off. I asked him what’s wrong and he kept saying nothing. So I’m like okay I thought it was just me. Later that night Emily and I begged Sam and my dad to let us not go to school the next day. And they kept saying no, no, and no. They said they were going to the mall and that they’d pick us up afterwards at around 12. So we just say yes okay thank you and tell them goodnight and I love you. The next day we wake up to go to school and since my sister drives us to school we go out and my dad is at the patio door laughing and he taped his mouth with scotch tape as a joke and took it off and was smiling at us and telling us her loves us and told us goodbye. It was nice. After that we spend our us all days normal. My sister goes home early from school so she went somewhere with her friends. Near 12 I start calling my dad because I don’t really enjoy being at school to be honest. So I went to the bathroom and he starts yelling at me on the phone saying he’s not finished so we end the call. I go and tell Emily and we want him to hurry up like pleaseee. So we get checked out a bit later from school, and weird thing is, my mom was there and she was smiling. My mom would never smile checking me out. She never wants to take my sisters and I out of school. That’s why we begged Sam and my dad and not her. So I’m like what’s wrong? She says nothing and I know somethings wrong because she doesn’t usually smile for nothing. So we start going home and she says she has to tell us something so we’re like yes and she says “your dad took everything and left.” And we’re like “what?” And she’s like “I’m not lying” and then Emily is like “no this is a joke, don’t listen to her they did this one time it’s a joke.” And my mom says she’s not lying and I’m just like what. And I just crying in the car because I can’t believe it. I wished it was a lie. That it was just a prank. Because I know the person I least expected and love dearly would never leave me. 

So we go home while my mom kept looking at us. I knew something was wrong since I saw my dad at that dinner table just staring to my mom smiling for nothing. We enter the house and the TV and Nespresso machine is gone (his rich sister bought it for him) and then we check the closets and all his stuff is gone. So we can’t believe it and my mom calls Sally and asked her if she came home and Sally is like what no what’s wrong and my mom is like your dad left with the stuff and tells my sister to come back home. So Sally comes home and like everyone is crying and my aunt comes over and starts crying saying why and saying we’d be fine and everything is gonna be okay. My mom calls my dad and tells him to come home and that we can talk about it and like, since we’re Muslim, there’s this thing called Triple Talaq meaning that you guys are at least religiously divorced. And he said it in front of Sam meaning it was official since he had a witness. My mom always bluffed and said “divorce me” some times but she never really meant it. So I remember texting my rich aunt, we’ll call her Roxy, and texting her thanks a lot. She called me and I didn’t answer. She calls my mom and my mom starts going off and her and Roxy starts saying she doesn’t know anything which is stupid since they literally staying at her house while in Paris like you heard the plan they were making up. So all of that happens and I don’t talk to my dad for a week or two and he sends me a song and I ask him what it means and I honestly forgot what he said. Over that I start talking to him, I remember that night when I asked him what it meant I kept muting myself because I didn’t want him to hear my crying. —little thing I left out before, while he was on a one month vacation, I begged my mom to try to love my dad in a romantic way again and that we can try to make everything normal again and she agreed— So after that the summer goes by bad, my dad’s family doesn’t like my sisters or mom. And we spent the holiday there and my cousins started a whole argument. So Roxy thinks she’s the shit because she has so much money. So my cousins go up to Roxy and says that my sisters and my nice cousins are talking shit abt them, and well like we were. We were just using fake names and we were speaking English not Arabic and my nice cousins speak better English than all of them. The cousins that snitched to Roxy, we’ll call them Hannah and Britney who are sisters and Kass who has a brother but the brother didn’t really do anything. We were talking shit about Hannah and Britney but they thought we were talking shit and Kass. After that we get in a whole argument and Roxy was mad we didn’t say happy holidays to her and that my sisters and I waited in the car for Roxy to go up first so we didn’t have to see or talk to her. Truth is, we saw Roxy and said happy holiday to her friend and her and we walked up together. But we had to pipe the child-Woman (Roxy) down a bit so we apologize hugged her and said happy holiday so she could piss off. This is all in the summer by the way. So we go home and like my sisters and I all talk and literally no one gives a shit that our dad left. Like nobody. They’re like meh okay. They use it as a conversation starter with us sometimes. They say it’s normal. Roxy said that we’re fine because if her mom died when she was young then we’d be fine with divorced parents. During the summer time before the holiday, I open my dads phone to search something up (I got permission) and I see he had tinder and had a fake name and was 2 years younger and I’m like wtf. So I see the chat and basically I’m pretty sure he was looking to smash w girls who could be another olde sister to me. So I pretend I didn’t see and just say I couldn’t find the thing I was searching up and I even exited out of the tab so he doesn’t know I know. I tell my sisters and Emily confronts him and he said he doesn’t know what we’re talking about and that we hacked inside of his phone. Few months later he admits it was a joke between friends.....

So we come back from vacation and my dad and I get into an argument a week before my birthday because I snapped on him  and said how his siblings are evil and he got brainwashed while he was on his little vacation. My dad went around asking his brothers wives what they thought about my mom, which they replied good things. My mom even told him before that he can go on another break if he wants when she was on the phone with him. He didn’t even have to go to my home country since he literally could’ve done the papers in America which we noticed later. But anyways, we got into the argument and he didn’t say happy birthday for my 16th birthday and Emily and I spent it at our house alone together doing homework. No one really said anything to us. We didn’t have anyone that day but each other. After that his birthday is like around two weeks after mine and I tell him happy birthday and I love him and he says “thank you even though I didn’t say happy birthday to you on your birthday.” And I say it’s fine even though it hurt so much. I was expecting him to call or text Emily or I that day and tell us happy birthday and that he loves us. My dad never apologized for leaving us. 

A few months later on October 24th, he picked Emily and I up from school and we got into an argument because he said something about my mom and aunt and Emily and I defended her. He called us both whores (we don’t even do anything, like seriously) and drops us off at the local parking lot and he gets out the car and kicks us out the car (we were 3-5 mins away from home, he didn’t want to drive us) and like he’s yelling at us and this person walks past laughing and these two news people are watching and one is recording. So my dad leaves and says something which I didn’t understand since he was a bit far and Emily just yells Fuck you and he drives off. The news people call us over so we get close but not close enough and they asked what happened and we’re like nothing and laugh it off and they said “it looked like he was about to beat you guys up.” And we defended him a bit and said no no. So we just sit there. I was so mad because I remember my mom telling me that his other brother (not Sam) said if I was his daughter he would beat me (he said this because my other aunt on my dad’s side lied about me hitting her even though she’s rude asf to my mom so I decided not to say hello to her. This was like 2 years ago lol. And everyone took her side and it was later revealed that she lied) so I texted him and called him a shithead in French and he sent the screenshot to their little group chat they have with the siblings and Roxy texts me and we argue and she blocks me. My dad also blocks me. (I didn’t say this earlier, but Sam even said happy birthday to Emily and I) But anyways we just sat there until our other aunt comes to pick us up and since I recorded the whole thing I show her. She was just shocked really. 

I’m just going to put bullet points of things he did after that 
-Bought my older sister the Nintendo switch lite and bought her a game or two. It was a graduation gift but I think it was to make Emily and I jealous. 
-The uncle said that he wanted to beat me up came for visit. 
-My mom keeps saying that my dad doesn’t even love us and that maybe we’re the reason that he left. 
-My dad pointed out that he actually wanted to leave the day he came back from his one month vacation. 
-I usually cry most nights because I just don’t know what to feel anymore. I don’t know what love is. I don’t know what life is. I don’t know what family is. I don’t know what having fun is. I can’t trust nobody because even blood can betray. Even one of the people I love the most I believe doesn’t want me back. 
-I look at families and get so jealous. I wish I could go back and time and I was the one that spoke to my dad on the phone asking him to come back. 
I miss him so much. I miss my family so much. I hate seeing the people who tore my family apart laughing with theirs. I hate seeing that. Seeing that it could’ve been me laughing. My life would be so perfect right now. Even if we don’t have all the money or shit like that, we would have each other. I miss that and I want it so badly. 

Today Emily said ew about my dad and since Sally was with him he overheard, long story short he said he doesn’t care about her and asked why Sally didn’t defend him even though she did and does. I don’t understand why he says that yet doesn’t defend us.... his daughters. I don’t understand what he expects us to say about him even though he left us. Does he expect good things? Should I apologize to him? But how and for what? I was thinking about writing him a long letter and just taking him out my life forever. I just don’t know.

 What should I do?"
"There was a thread on reddit where a user defended pedophilia and child marriages right here; [https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/ed3kmv/allah\_condones\_pedophilia\_in\_the\_quran\_and/fbh4dzh?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/ed3kmv/allah_condones_pedophilia_in_the_quran_and/fbh4dzh?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)

User 1: *""Parents consenting to child marriages is similar to parents admitting children to school. The children aren't mature enough to decide whether they want to go to school or be home-tutored. Yet the decision is forced upon them. If the former (child marriage) is wrong because the child is being forced and can not consent, why is the latter (admitting children to school without their consent) not wrong?""*

There was also another user on a chatroom (7 cups) that defended pedophilia in this way; https://imgur.com/6h20FCv 

User 2: *""Pedophilia is bad because the kids can not consent? We do everything to kids without their consent. We send kids to school without their consent. The kids' consent to marriage and sex don't matter because we feed, shower, and vaccinate kids without their consent. Vaccinating kids without their consent is a good thing, that's why marrying kids or having sex with kids without their consent are also good things ...* 

... *Inducing suffering is bad? That seems obviously wrong. The dentist induces suffering to kids when they drill their tooth but the dentist isn't doing anything bad. Suffering is routinely induced on kids without their consent by various medical procedures. Just take vaccination of babies. We don't ask kids for their consent for, like, most of what they do. Sending kids to school without their consent, feeding kids without their consent, and vaccinating kids without their consent are good things, that's why having sex with kids or marrying kids without their consent are also good things.""*

How would you argue against what user 1 and user 2 said?"
[removed]
"So I got a twitter account that I only use for giveaways and following some people like streamers or Elon Musk. I never tweet or chat with anyone on this account. So I do not have a profile pic or bio and therefore it looks like a bot.

Yesterday I saw I won a pretty big giveaway four days ago. And the guy hosting accused me of being a bot and did not even mention me. So yesterday when I dm:d him he replied I needed to prove that I was not a bot.

Does anybody know any good way to prove that you are not a bot to this person?"
"Tldr is in the title. 

i don't own a lot and i have recently been going digital in all of my collections. (Went from buying cds to buying mp3s for the first time in years. Buying books to buying ebooks etc.) 

I have also quit gaming. I was a game player 5 hours a day. (Now I just read books and work out.) Since i was a child. I have gotten rid of  all of my gaming systems except the one i used from 19-23 (ps vita.)

I want to get rid of it at the very least in local trade ins I will get 60 usd most likely, but despite not having turned it on in a year and it sitting in a closet everytime i bring it out to trade it in I just put it back in it's box. 

Do I need the money? No but i could use it. I need to buy nose trimmers and i need to learn how to socialize in general but in a town that is 30000 population. 

I could also put it torwards buying a desktop so i could get more writing done. 

But i just cant bring myself to do it. Its like I'm hooked on what those games meant to me at the time but in the end it all meant nothing other then watsing my time so i dont understand why im struggling with this."
"With the second decade of the millennium on it's way out, I think we've finally achieved the death of tabloid celebrity culture - and it's now officially been taken over by status updates and Instagram stories. Is this a good thing or a bad thing?

I think I'm okay with it, tabloids were always annoying anyways. Even TMZ is more of a news outlet nowadays because celebrity gossip is all about retweets now."
"Hi, I for the life of my cannot remember or find this particular form of government proposed by one of the ancient philosophers and call for your help.

&amp;#x200B;

It is a method in which the government will be composed of ""the cultured elite"", which would be select children who from birth placed in special schools where they are taught politics, economics, sociology— Topics that educate them on the nation as a whole. So instead of being elected into government, decisions on politics and the such would be made by those who from birth, have been taught and trained to make the best possible decision on this matter.

&amp;#x200B;

I cant for the life of myself find it.

Can anyone please help?"
[removed]
"Proliifers, what is your response to these comments? [https://www.reddit.com/r/Abortiondebate/comments/dtqauy/if\_a\_girl\_has\_intercourse\_not\_knowing\_it\_can/f6yfev3?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/Abortiondebate/comments/dtqauy/if_a_girl_has_intercourse_not_knowing_it_can/f6yfev3?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/Abortiondebate/comments/c7t8sx/america\_really\_needs\_to\_focus\_on\_sex\_ed\_before/esnwx2l?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/Abortiondebate/comments/c7t8sx/america_really_needs_to_focus_on_sex_ed_before/esnwx2l?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)

A: How does a girl have sex with a boy without knowing of the intended consequence? If they don't know, they shouldn't have sex.

B: If they don't know how babies are made and stumble across sex, why would they think they shouldn't have sex?If you don't know how babies are made, how would you know that having sex makes babies more frequently than drinking apple juice makes babies?Should you also avoid drinking apple juice, just in case it makes babies? It's completely unreasonable.

C: Easily. It's called ignorance as a result of growing up living a sheltered life. Have you never seen The Blue Lagoon?

I was raised strict LDS and homeschooled in small town Utah. My only few friends were other mormon kids I saw at Temple. I didn't realise how pregnancy happened until my parents explained it to me two days before I went off to college at BYU. I thought god just ""sent"" pregnancies once someone got married.

D: ""[I had a friend who didn’t know you could get pregnant outside of marriage until she was 16. She was never taught in health or in biology, so when she was told children come to married people who have sex, she believed it was impossible to get pregnant outside of marriage, and since she was never exposed to anything else in her very christian household, she learned you could get pregnant outside of marriage by getting pregnant](https://www.reddit.com/r/Abortiondebate/comments/c7t8sx/america_really_needs_to_focus_on_sex_ed_before/)""

E: You see this in children of all ages all the time. A normal part of growing up is conducting games of sexual discovery, with themselves or others. A 3-year-old *will* masturbate. Ever heard of ""playing doctor""? It's what happens when a bunch of curious 7-year-olds lock themselves into a room to, eh, experiment. To deny this or force a child to suppress their normal urges would be absurd.

It's a parent's obligation to ensure their child grows up being knowledgeable about human sexuality and reproduction and learn what appropriate behavior is, but considering many eschew this type of teaching it's unsurprising many (pre)pubescent youths are clueless.

And children do masturbate. Please [check out this article. ](https://www.summitmedicalgroup.com/library/pediatric_health/pa-hhgbeh_masturbation/)There is nothing wrong with it. They get pleasure from the act. Just like many people have sex purely for pleasure.

**3 Comments**"
"Depression that is the worst it can be

5 suicide attempts in 4 years

As a result of/resulting in emotional issues and trauma"
[removed]
Who has the best Eskimo brother story?
"Long story short, over the last few years Ive been dealing closely with many many people and Ive learned a very unfortunate truth about us. The majority of us (myself included to one degree or another) are more akin to farm animals than people as far as our critical thinking, morality and emotional intelligence is concerned. So many of us only desire a tribal identity and, honestly, that is it. 

What is leadership then when looking at human beings through this light (Im ignoring the obvious nihilistic question of 'who the fuck would want to lead people given that outlook'?). Are leaders actually people who understand this on some level and direct their people the way a shepherd directs a flock or are leaders people who do not understand this but are just reflecting what is being projected onto them? 

When we look at 'leaders' what kind of people are we actually seeing? What are we encouraging in our children?

Sub question- Why did our species evolve this way? Is there any way (short of GE) to unmake this paradigm of untold numbers of ignorant people being corralled and lead by a small few? Why do we desire this tragic outcome?"
"I'm on mobile, maybe that's why. Theres a lot of really buggy issues in mobile"
" 

I  really don't know where to start and I guess I'm tired of how bad I am  in social situations. I didn't really have any friends growing up in  High School that I didn't grow apart from or ditched me after I tried to  kill myself.

University was a problem and I always felt left out because of how  poor my family was compared to the rest of my classmates, the pressure  to succeed and because of the failed suicide consideration hanging from  the end of my mind.

I've been working for about nine months now and I've always realized  I've been an anti social person. But I want to be better since I have no  excuse.

I've been trying to more or less get some friends now. And I want to  be the best man I can be. I know that there are lots of baggage with me  because of my past and because of how problematic things were growing  up. I didn't have the support network others my had growing up or did  have the chance to do things they did.

But I would like to be a much better person. And I would like some friends.

I really don't like going to meet-ups arranged on said app because  there's alot of reasons why such people have no friends or go there. Now  I know it is hypocritical but after trying for a year and half I was no  closer to making any real friends. I felt that no one was telling me  what I was doing wrong or right.

But most of all I felt used by said people. It wasn't merely people I  met a few times. It was people I'd seen for over six months.

As for myself; I'm a 23 South Asian guy who lives in Swan Hill. My  hobbies include swimming, painting and canoeing. I enjoy playing video  games (mostly rpgs), watching anime, writing, learning new languages and  reading about Bronze Age Civilizations.

At the moment I've been living in Swan Hill, Victoria for nearly a  year but I haven't made any real friends or people I can connect with.  There's not really any groups for the things I want to enjoy. If there  is no one who lives there is there anyone I can join on Discord or such  to whom I can talk with or be friends with?

I guess I understand why I don't have friends in Swan Hill. I'm a  minority in a small country town who doesn't play football or drink. I  understand that this is my fault but I just don't see any enjoyment in  said activities.

So back to square one ... can anyone help me become a better person? Or become my friend?"
I realize every monkey is different and spieces will play a big role but in general if the monkeys had advantage of trees and are in a group would the monkeys be able to win in a fight against a bear.
"I'm wondering if some futuristic level of technical sophistication will ever let us image exoplanets so we can see them in meaningful detail without interstellar travel. And I'm curious what the answer is just based on the physics of the photons bouncing off a distant continent and heading our way through space.

Hopefully this makes sense but let me know if I can clarify."
"With the whole Harry and Meghan partially moving to Canada news, I have this question. As far as I know, most celebrities don't get taxpayer-funded security. This includes people much richer than them.

Taxpayer-funded security is usually reserved for high-level government officials. This makes sense since they know State secrets and are making important policy decisions.

But Harry and Meghan are not government officials making policy, as far as I know. So why is there an issue now about them getting taxpayer-funded security in Canada? Is it because of their connection to the Queen of England who is, I guess, a government official?"
"I have Verizon in the USA if that matters. I'm wondering how exactly I can set up a separate number for just my voicemail that way if I don't have my phone on me I can just call it. I know I can dial my normal number and override the answering machine message to get there, but say if my phone's stolen someone could make it more difficult for me to check my voicemail. I know this is a thing because your voicemails are on a separate server I just never knew how to do it."
"My wife and I have totally different jobs in vastly different fields. I have a hard time understanding everything she does so I ask her questions about stuff a lot. After some thought, I figured it might be fun to sit down and interview my wife on video so I can ask a bunch of questions and our future kids could watch it some day.

After more thought, my dad, grandfather, and my in-laws are all in different fields as well. So it might be neat to interview them over time, put it all together, and save it for our future kids along with the kids of other family members. 

This is where I need reddit's help. 
- Have any of you done this before?
- What are some good general and specific questions to ask? (I'm an RN, wife is a CPA and controller, other people are lawyers, retired superintendent, teachers in elementary and college, CFO, retired military, and soon to be librarian). 
- Planning to use my samsung galaxy s9+. Should I get an additional mic, are there mics that will pair with my phone, and what are some other recording suggestions?
- Since I'm planning on these being videos and not just audio, what is your favorite editing software?

I'm not opposed to buying equipment, I just don't want to spend a boatload. I'm trying to save up for school for the next step in my career."
[removed]
[new movie](https://youtu.be/0rX6ZbpdCWw)
"I'm thinking of Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, and even the recent Star Wars. All involve evil characters which seemed defeated and killed in the past but came back. Why is this such a popular story?

Star Wars does show the original rise of Palpatine in past movies. I could complain that they're not being creative enough. But, as far as I know, Harry Potter and Tolkien's books all started with the evil returning. They're not sequels written after books about the first battle with evil. The first battle first becomes known via history revealed while leading up the second battle."
"Its wired in FFS. There is no way to open it and even check for a battery. Been doing about every 30 mins all morning. Not smoking and nothing is cooking.

If this wasn't an apartment I'd beat it off the wall with a hammer."
No im not going to kill anyone haha I just have a morbid curiosity. What are some measures you would take to ensure that this is an unsolvable case?
"Lately, I’ve been feeling very pessimistic in my life and I don’t know how to change that. I looked it up and the answers were unhelpful. I don’t hate my life and I’m not necessarily sad, but I’m also not happy either. Most of the time I feel like I’m merely existing. I don’t believe in some great meaning of life and that saddens and scares me. I’m struggling to find a purpose and meaning. Essentially, I want to know if it is possible to change this mindset into a more positive and motivating one."
"I’m currently 20 and feel like I have no clear purpose, passion, or meaning. So many of my friends and family seem to be working towards something they truly desire or at least know what their passion is even if it is unattainable. I want to have a passion so badly, and I’m scared that I may never have one. I have tried many different things. I’ve traveled, learned instruments, read, wrote, painted, studies different majors, etc. None of them have ever stuck. I’m not overly passionate about friends or family, and even though I seem extroverted, I usually prefer being alone. I’m scared to live a meaningless because I have no true passion."
"Could you ever seek out and kill someone? If so, why? Not including self defense. But say for example a politician who has pushed a destructive policy. Or say someone who had hurt a loved one but its already over. Like for example a rapist of your loved one who is already being put behind bars. Any other reasons?"
"Hotlines don't even answer, 3 medications haven't worked, therapy was nice but due to various reasons I won't be able to see mine again for at least another month, I should exercise more but I'm otherwise fairly healthy (albeit a little out of shape). If I told someone every time I was suicidal I would be far too much of a burden on those who care about me. Am I just supposed to wait until I eventually kill myself? I tried really hard today and failed (hung myself but never passed out) but I'm far too embarrassed to even tell anyone close to me, not to mention I don't want to scare them or make them worry. If you had a friend or child or sibling in this situation what would you want them to do?"
"I'm a pretty young fellow (27) so I've only been following politics for 3-4 years. 

It just seems so self serving and partisan the way the politicians and higher ups act.   
Has it always been this way and I'm just noticing this now, or has it been better in the past?"
"https://youtu.be/y9o3UcBXgQE ”just vienna”s comment

Yes, you may assume this title makes me ignorant.... but let me explain.

The other day, I was looking up why people support bernie sanders. I found a video with a celebrity and sanders. Under the comments, I noticed how someone commented something about bloomberg being a millionaire elite judy judy while bernie was “the man the legend danny devito and the hulk”. I just figured he didnt realize Sanders was a millionaire. I mean that is just something that comes off the top of the head when you read something like that.

Anyways, i just got the feeling that he didnt know. So I simply commented “bernie is a millionaire...”. Thinking that would be the end of it, or I get some minor responses.

Quite the opposite. The first response was “he is worth 2 mill cause he sold a book. Your point?” To which I responded that him being a millionaire was my point.

His response: “thats not a point, anybody can look that info up. You seem to be suggesting that disqualifies him as a democrat or populist. Is that the best gotcha of bernie you have?” Lol. This comes from the man that probably liked the post the had the words “millionaire elite judge judy” in negative context. Secondly, I wasnt giving a political opinion, nor was I furthering a disqualification. I never suggested anything about disqualifying him as a populist or a democrat. Yet this person gets 20 likes. Mine 0. Amazing. Mind you all, I like bernie relative to the other candidates.

Then I start getting pissed and it becomes an argument, where I argue about his behavior towards me being undeserving, assuming, etc etc has his head up his ass.

I got called a trumper, a cow, trying to “gotcha” bernie, etc. i do not like trump, I like bernie, etc. but my opinions were not involved in my comment, but they were assumed to be. I get told off for literally saying “bernie is a millionaire”, have my political opinions assumed, my motives assumed. What is going on. And this is just youtube. Imagine what people do on a basis. This is a complex conundrum there is no single word or phrase for. Yet this kind of behavior of assuming and intolerance and gaslighting and samantics and so forth is causing a greater and greater divide that people are just blind to because what.... of your political opinion? What ever happened to real conversation and DEBATE, not arguments, not even heated debates at this point. Everybody thinks im in some box like liberal or conservative I feel like Im playing some sort of team sport.

Someone PLEASE explain what is going on. Its not just in this post, people act like this everywhere.

Tldr: I comment on a youtube post that calls bernie a legend and bloomberg a millionaire elite. Thinking this person just made a silly mistake not realizing bernies net worth, I comment “bernie is a millionaire”. In the end, im called a trumper, a cow, said I dont like bernie sanders, etc. when none of those things are true. Why does this happen. Why are people so blind?"
"Most literature that seems 'deep' to most people often achieves that depth in a similar way. Multiple seemingly very different story elements (sometimes literally parallel story lines) have some profound similarity in how their core mechanics function, which is supposed to tell us something about the human experience. It's often from this that deeper themes are derived.

Why is it that saying 'these two different things are actually kinda the same in some way' is such an effective way of delivering a deeper narrative beyond the surface lever of a story?"
"So we have seen what happen in California and now Australia and from what scientist are saying these are nothing but scratches or rash you feel when you start getting a serious illnesses or an allergy.

On the books , games and TV I have seen , in the Dystopian future they all predict a Ressource War either cold or Hot ( can go Nuclear too). When climate change really start to hurt the planet and essential ressources like food and water start to lack . Things will get pretty ugly . Third world country or poor one will face the brunt of the crisis and can collapse creating a large area of chaos and strife ( specially in the area of equator)  while developed country will retreat and stop massive emigration by force of arm to stop their collapse.

Day to day goods like coffee tea and chocolate are at risk to become very precious and rare  luxury because the areas they are cultivated are venurable to changing weather. The days of economic growth we see today will be replaced by a struggle for stability and insuring basic nessecaty.  

Also a more severe weather and more dangerous world and a more desperate populations who want basic needs  , would allow more autocratic government take hold even on nations with long democratic tradition like north America and Europe . 

So how do you think climate change will change society ?"
While it would benefit people’s health and would spread easier than an information campaign it would also be deceiving hundreds of thousands
"I recently took a second job because my primary job is seasonal. My primary job entailed some physical activity, but it was slow. My second job is very physical. This was my third day and I am suffering. 

Part of the reason for this is due to being overweight (30 pounds), also having lack of exercise over the past several years, and my age (48). 

I also have a few disk problems and tendonitis in my ankle (I walked too far when starting out about a week ago). I'm wearing a stretchy ankle support but after a while working it is biting into my arch, increasing pain. 

This job is good money and I would hate to lose it . In order to make my rent, I need to work a lot more. Plus, I sweat a lot on this job and it is pretty fast paced so I'm hoping it will be a good tool for losing weight (I'm also on a 1200 calorie diet).

But today I was so exhausted and everything hurt. Feet, ankles, calves, lower back, hips, and my neck. My mind was all foggy and I felt nauseous for a few hours after work. Tomorrow I have to get up and do it again. 

So how is it possible to exercise while being overweight, and not be in terrible pain afterwards? Will it get better? 

Thanks for your replies."
gay sex has all sorts of risks attached to it. How can something so dangerous for you be promoted as normal?
"Let's face it, as oppressive and violent as China, the HK gov and their supporters were towards protesters....

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/nov/03/at-least-five-wounded-during-knife-attack-in-hong-kong

https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/22/world/asia/hong-kong-protest-mob-attack-yuen-long.html

https://www.thenation.com/article/hong-kong-police-brutality/

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2019/12/sexual-violence-against-hong-kong-protesters/

https://www.nytimes.com/2019/11/18/world/asia/hong-kong-protests-university.html

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2019/10/timeline-of-the-2019-hong-kong-protests/

https://www.pri.org/stories/2019-10-11/why-hong-kong-s-secret-societies-are-attacking-protesters

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_misconduct_allegations_during_the_2019%E2%80%9320_Hong_Kong_protests

The fact is that the protesters are very violent themselves: http://www.chinafile.com/reporting-opinion/viewpoint/violence-hong-kong-protesters-wont-advance-their-cause

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DBk4P1oeItOA&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjCi_Tc1InnAhXxT98KHcDeDvQ4ChCOODAAegQICRAB&amp;usg=AOvVaw0Zq_uX8qNrcO7wg5IvJVxq

https://www.cnn.com/2019/10/26/asia/hong-kong-destruction-support-intl-hnk/index.html

I think the protesters are in the underdog position here, but are they overreacting?"
"When I think about the rise of the Internet. I can't help but think about the Billions, topping towards/into Trillions of dollars being spent on companies to build, develop and own this Internet.  Millions of jobs came and went as quickly as the companies rose and fell. This boom had to stimulate not only the economy from a consumer perspective, the government simply HAD to be raking in their fair share of the tax revenue. 

I want to say, any president residing over the .com boom era, would have seen surplus rise, whatever their policy and/or agenda for the country was.  

To quote Wikipedia

&gt;he U.S. had strong economic growth (around 4% annually) and record job creation (22.7 million)

To me, ""Record Job Creation"" is clearly an indicator/result of the .com boom. What else were we ""Heavily"" investing in that would give rise to 22.7 million new jobs?  I have not read exactly what amount of those new jobs were ""High wage"", certainly a fair number of them. Regardless, even from the bottom rung of the new job creation (Quite likely, the majority of them), that is still going to generate a pretty revenue stream. 

I think I could go rounds in my own head all night contemplating if anything Clinton enacted, would have had that large of an impact without being put alongside the .com boom."
"I'm talking about the change from cloth to plastic, not from reusable to disposable. By the 60s, plastics and synthetics were developed quickly and manufacturers were searching for new markets to incorporate their new materials. But why did they decide to tackle the market of menstrual products? What were the main social and economic factors of this replacement at that time?"
or why it doesn't work? Could you help
"I searched for them, but if you google it all the results are ""what are the best text-based"" or ""video-based"" instead of just based"
"I'm looking for a word that deals with ""practical philosophies"" like Stoicism, which provide a toolbox for navigating life. I want this, because I feel like some schools of psychology basically function like these ""practical philosophies"" (thinking of Adlerian Psychology, or CBT) and I want a word that groups them together.

It would be odd if someone said their ""religion"" or ""philosophy"" was CBT, but I don't know what a good alternative would be. I guess you could just say ""set of techniques"", but I would imagine for some people CBT fills the same role as Stoicism."
I frequently see large groups of just black men hanging around dumpsters and dirty parking lots in San Francisco. Is it gangs or just cultural? I'm Mexican born in LA if that means anything.
"This may sound odd, but does height and penis length actually correlate because I'm exactly six feet tall and my, well you know, is exactly that but in inches. I'm not trying to joke or anything, it's just weird to me."
"I have an idea for a new system of government. If there's already one that's similar to mine, please let me know. Keep in mind, this is completely different than the way our current government works (in the U.S. at least), so it may seem radical at first, but just hear me out.

First, I would only fund things that are necessary for human life with taxes, and when I say necessary, I mean Necessary (food, water, protection against others (Police), protection against health problems (both physical &amp; mental) (Healthcare), etc.) The only exception to this rule is Education, but I'll get to that in a bit. Public parks and personal housing would not be included. However, in case of natural disasters that could kill somebody, there would be public shelters for people to hide under until the event is over. This would not be a permanent living space for them. Things that only benefit one category of people (gender, race, religion, sexuality, age, social class, etc.) would be defunded, and all levels of income would be taxed equally at a flax tax rate (no more than 10%). This is to ensure that everyone is actually paying their fair share, instead of having the upper class paying a higher percentage and the lower class paying a lower percentage. Physical money would be obsolete, and digital currency would be embraced. This is to make things more convenient in case someone owes a decimal number in taxes. For instance, if someone had a really bad year and only made 15 cents, and the tax rate was 5%, they'd have to pay 3/4 of a cent. It's a lot easier to put that number in digitally, then literally carve a coin into 4 equal pieces and take out 3. 

As for education, it would be nowhere near the system we have now. Instead of having people who aren't enrolled in school anymore paying for students' education, there would be buildings that act as information centers or databases of sorts (imagine libraries that are each the size of an entire college campus). Things wouldn't be tiered by age or grade levels. Anyone could go in to learn about their preferred study. There would be no forced basic classes (English, Spanish, Math, Science, History, etc.) The only things people would need to learn are relevant to their interest(and if those basic classes really are basic, then it would apply to all fields of study and wouldn't make any difference). For instance, if you want a career in accounting or in economics, you would need to know how to read first, so you can read the info about the subject you're learning about, and then learn about mathematics and numbers, without having to go through filler like Chemistry or France in the 1800s. This would ensure a mass supply of educated people, and therefore, an educated workforce. The economy would do very well in these circumstances. The only reason you wouldn't be in favor of this system would be to admit that you have no motivation to learn anything or do anything and would rather waste away. The most controversial part of this is that I would expect the parents to replace the teachers. As of right now, people are having children but drop them off at school like it's a daycare center until they leave work and can come get them. I think it would make parents more responsible if they had to educate their own children. It would really show if they're educated enough to be a parent or not. If your child is coming home from school with homework you don't even understand yourself, it's a good indication you're being outsmarted. I also think this would be good population control if parents had to teach and watch their own children.

Government would get its nose out of a lot of stuff that it shouldn't even be in, like marriage or fishing licenses. If someone wants to be in a committed relationship or go fishing, so be it. There shouldn't be a whole legal process with it. If two people get a divorce, it wouldn't be our responsibility to fund their court case through taxes. They'll have to admit they took a gamble and lost and should've made a contract of some sort that stated who gets what before hand. Speaking of which, corporate bailouts are a big no-no. They made bad decisions, and it's not our problem. 

Lastly, the government would not be a democratic one nor a republic. Democracy doesn't speak for what's right, but what's popular. It speaks for the majority at the expense of the minority. I hate the flip-flip ""My turn! My turn!"" system we have in place today. Something is either right or it's wrong, and that shouldn't depend on whose turn it is. We keep switch between good and bad policies for the sake of seeming more bi-partisan or fair. I would do away with that. There would be a universal code that all citizens would be subject to, regardless of who's the leader (and there wouldn't be one, not even a council or representatives). All breakers of the law would not be imprisoned within our state, they would exiled out of it to keep the citizens safe and not have their tax dollars wasted on keeping them alive. We wouldn't kill them, but we wouldn't save them either. The big complaint I've heard is that this whole system would lead to a monopoly or socialist state because it would fund protection, healthcare, and education on a universal level. This is not the intention. Tax rates are the same, regardless of wealth. So people that had more than others before taxes will still have more than others after taxes. Soldiers, Doctors, and Educators would not be conscripted or forced to work for the government. They would voluntarily and freely open up their own clinic/school and would have their bills paid through taxes instead of by a single person. There would no price controls, so I don't think the person would care where the money is coming from since it's the same amount. No choice has been eliminated. No matter which doctor you go to, you're going to one, and they would get paid by the money you accumulated overtime in small amounts, as opposed to one lump sump. 

So yeah, please by all means, point out flaws or explain which things you agreed with. I'll answer any questions you have."
[removed]
"When I was 17-20, i dated a girl that i think i loved. We broke up and i dont have feelings for her anymore. 
Since then, I have been with multiple women, for different timespans, ranging from 3 months to 1 and a half years. The girls that i have been with since then are all smart, funny, etc, and i got along with them better than with my first girlfriend. 
My problem is that even though i find them attractive and all, I don’t/can’t seem to fall in love with them. After some time spent together I get to care for them, but I don’t feel that “special” way for them, that I think i felt for the first one. 

So my question for you guys would be: Am I f**ked in the head and I can’t feel love anymore because I’m “burned out” and I should marry the next one that i get along pretty good with?"
"As a K-Pop fan and a Korean, I often see fans complaining about how the media ‘whitewash’ their singers. I personally think that they’re not trying to be white but just paler because of their beauty standards dating back to thousands of years ago. Is it still appropriate to call it whitewashing?"
[removed]
Join Call of Duty: Mobile! Enter my invitation code NQ789N to receive your rewards! https://www.callofduty.com/mobile
"I'm curious about others' experiences of this phenomenon. The more problems you solved with one stroke, the better. Could be about work or relationships or life in general, or anything. Please elaborate too."
"and white ppl gonna be the slaves.

&amp;#x200B;

thots?"
"Something like this?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdbbcO35arw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdbbcO35arw)"
"So me and my bf have been dating for a while now and I honestly never felt this way before. He's so funny and is literally everything I've looked for in a bf and more. I don't find anybody attractive any more and I've never been more happy either. All my friends like him and all his friends like me too. I get so excited when his name pops up in my phone and everytime I see him I get so much energy and it's hard to keep myself under control tbh. I don't know if this is love I really think it is but I've never been in love before. 

I'm scared because I don't want to get hurt. I've heard so many stories of heartbreak and really rough breakups that even lead to suicide and I don't want that to happen at all. I know if I get hurt that I can get through it but I just don't know if I will. Does that make sense at all?"
"Sometimes I find myself wondering how different life would be today if I hadn't missed the bus to school 10 years ago or if I missed the alarm and woke up late on a certain day or if I ate breakfast out instead of at home on a certain day, etc... 

I'm wondering if those small things would change the people I'd meet, my interests/hobbies, my career and outcome in life. 

I imagine one small thing would lead to another and  another and exponentially have a bigger effect as time goes on. 

It's insane when you think of the infinite outcomes that have lead to what we have today, the present.

 Imagine if Germany had invaded Great Britain immediately after conquering France instead of later on, how different the result of WW2 would be and what today would be like. 

To me It seems like the decisions an individual makes even if it seems little will have an impact that shapes history."
Most of the videos I watch on reddit turn blurry about halfway through. Any ideas on what causes this?
"Just to relax for one week, no social interaction, no work, no drugs (alcohol, cigarettes) Just for recovery.
would it work, would it help to be more conscious,  more active and refreshed for the daily grind? my friend gave me that thought, instead of saying have a good evening/ night. And now I wonder"
Because I can't get over you.
"Has anyone taken the plunge here?

And if so, do you think the meds were legit?

Interested in any cool storoes if personal experiences using modafinil in general, if anyone wants to share their tales!"
"I think generally we humans are very precious with our ideas. Especially if you do something that revolves around more and more ideas like creative work or creative ways of solving problems.
But how should we really handle ideas? 
Should we keep the ideas safe, until we can make it public or should we get one idea and let it go and go on pondering another.
In a Masterclass, Helen Mirren said that never hold on to ideas like it’s the the last one you’re going to get; you’ll always get more.
How should we handle ideas?
Do they keep coming? And do they get better every time they come?"
"Let’s say we have somehow found a way to travel to another Dimension/Universe. Turns out traveling there is a very scary and stressful procedure, especially the initial transportation there. Maybe even the destination might be hard to take in.

If Volunteers were to willingly travel there, could there possibly be some kind of way for our Volunteers can mentally prepare themselves for this, seeing that this is humanity’s first time Dimension/Universe traveling?

(I apologize if I hadn’t provided enough info. If my post can strike no interest in conversation let me know and I will take it down.)"
"i heard from my professor that one of the reasons why people barf when getting motion sickness is that the body experiences sensory conflicts and the body assumes that theres poison or some hallucinogen drug and tries to expel that from its system.

but why do some people not experience this? is this because there ancestors never had a situation where they were afflicted with poison?"
"Like everytime I see that its pretty obvious they arn't looking at it objectively and only looking to somthing to fish for the answer they want hear for partisan or ideological reasons. They will just cherry pick information that reaffirms their pre conceived beliefs so they can tell people they disagree with they ""Have the facts"". Critical thinking requires people ask themselves ""What if I am wrong"" and look at purly from a objective standpoint and not just looking at information that backs up what you agree with."
"Alright, Reddit. I think this is the first real post I’ve ever made, but I need your help. 

I just started working for a nonprofit organization in a small city (in the South, mind you). We do amazing work. Seriously amazing. We find real apartment rentals (not shelters) for the homeless and help them pay their rent until they can get on their feet and pay it all on their own— which 78% are able to do in less than 1 year (with the help of our community partners who provide jobs, counseling, etc.) We’ve housed thousands of homeless citizens, and we remain in touch with all of them to ensure their success. 

Most of our operating budget comes to us through generous donations from wealthy locals. It’s part of my job to log these donations and send formal thank-you letters via old-fashioned, envelope-licked snail mail. 

Here’s my conundrum: we can’t decide the proper way to address these formal thank-you letters (mostly to old-money, wealthy, heterosexual, married couples) in the 2020 social climate.

————

Tradition dictates that an envelope to John and Sally Doe would be addressed:

Mr. &amp; Mrs. John Doe
555 Whatever Road
Wherever, USA

And then when they open it, the actual letter would have a salutation that would go something like

Dear John and Sally,
Thank you for your generous donation.....

————

So here’s the issue—

Every single person in the office agrees that this tradition of omitting the woman’s first name in the envelope’s formal address is weird and outdated. Especially considering that a large percentage of these donations are given to us by the wife. As in— yes, the couples are married, but the wife might be the one who attended the fundraiser, the only one we’ve met, and often the check is even written from a non-joint bank account where her name is the only one that appears on the check. 

So when we get a $50,000 check from Sally and we’ve never met John, it feels weird to thank Sally with a letter that reads— Mr. &amp; Mrs. John Doe

————

Recently, we had this conversation with one of our board members (who IS an old-money, wealthy, heterosexual married woman) and she herself agreed that this is an outdated tradition and said that, if it were her receiving the letter, she thinks it would be nice to be acknowledged in the thank-you just as much as her husband. 

So we discussed the alternate ways to address the envelope, the most obvious of which are:

Mr. &amp; Mrs. John and Sally Doe

or

Mr. John Doe &amp; Mrs. Sally Doe

————

We consulted google to see which of the above was more accepted and found that the internet is in disagreement. Some think that the first address is better because the “Mr. &amp; Mrs.” shouldn’t be separated— and some think that the first address is incorrect because a man’s first name should never be separated from his last.

So, after learning that there was no alternate widely accepted tradition, the board member instructed us to use the old-fashioned way for the time being. 
————

I know this all may seem trivial, and really it is, but when you work for an organization that NEEDS the money and uses it to do super important stuff, we don’t want to do ANYTHING that could miff a donor and jeopardize such a huge donation.

Today, I even reached out to a friend who also works for a different local non-profit to ask her how they address their donors, and she said they also use the very formal Mr. and Mrs. John Doe address, and they also all feel weird about it.

————

So, Reddit, what do you think? 

What’s the proper way to address a formal envelope in 2020?"
"Out of curiosity, I want to hear your opinion on this situation: 

I saw someone recently come out of a long term 5 year relationship this past year and they found someone new towards the end of 2019. He’s convinced he’s going to marry this girl. Now, I’m not saying things like this don’t happen, they do, but realistically, we’ve all been with someone we thought we were going to marry and end up not marrying them. Anyway, so far, they’ve “officially” been dating for about a month and a half. He’s already taken her on trips outside of the state to multiple states, introduced each other to their families, is planning and talking about future trips with her and on top of everything, has gotten her a promise ring. This guy is overall a generous person BUT he has complained about past friends taking advantage of him due to him being too giving. What’s your opinion on this situation?"
Hello #TrueAskReddit Community!! I would like to ask on how to dissapear without leaving any trace?
"How do ideas work/how should you handle them

Generally we humans are very precious with our ideas. Especially if you do something that revolves around coming up with more and more ideas, like creative work or creative problem solving.
But how should we really handle ideas? 
Should we keep the ideas safe, until we can execute them or should we get one idea and let it go and go on pondering another.
In a Masterclass, Helen Mirren said that never hold on to ideas like it’s the the last one you’re going to get; you’ll always get more.
How should we handle ideas?
Do they keep coming? And do they get better every time they come?"
"I’ve seen a couple discussions and tweets (sorry I have no links), basically asking “If the economy is doing so well, why aren’t my wages increasing?”. It has got me thinking about Trumps re-electability and what this economy means for the US public."
"Recently, my family is getting paranoid about the new virus, and even though our country has no confirmed cases, its likely that it will get us eventually, so we are searching for cheap (or not so much) respiratory protection masks. Can anyone help?"
"I've noticed that ever since Gamergate and the subsequent 2016 election, there has been a sharp tick in groups expressing increasingly radical ideas. Politics, abortion, religion, you name it. It just seems as if the hard-line views entirely dominate discussions.  The middle ground has practically evaporated and doesn't seem to be coming back. Everything has turned into fucking hatred and it makes me exhausted and miserable. 

It's become especially bad on Reddit in general. With increasing polarization across all scopes of life, I see this problem as only getting worse.  Were recent events simply the tipping point?"
"Pro-lifers usually propose adoption to abortion: The mother only has to carry the baby in the womb for only 9 months but isn't forced to care for them for the rest of her life by putting them up for adoption. It seems like a good option. But pro-choicers usually cite the bad conditions in foster care systems to justify aborting the babies as they supposedly wouldn't want to be born into such a situation.

So I wanted to hear what people who have actually experienced first hand and come out of the system think. Is foster care actually that bad that if you had the choice for yourself before you were born you would've aborted yourself to save yourself from it? Where is your stance on pro-abortion or anti-abortion?"
"Are modern suicide percentages just a normal aspect of long term human evolution or is suicide, from the macro view, something that skyrockets and bottoms out due solely to environmental factors?

Is it normal or is it an aberration?"
"Can you be empathetic to a point where it is actually harmful?
Would it still be called empathy where you understand people and where they come from or why they behave that way, even if it’s at an expense of your own well-being?
What really are the limits of empathy and should there be some?"
"I should note that I'm someone who grew up in a similar area and became quite left-leaning, so that colors my analysis.  The article is here, and is generally very well regarded and spoken about on Reddit:

https://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about/

&gt;They take it hard. These are people who come from a long line of folks who took pride in looking after themselves. Where I'm from, you weren't a real man unless you could repair a car, patch a roof, hunt your own meat, and defend your home from an intruder. It was a source of shame to be dependent on anyone -- especially the government. You mowed your own lawn and fixed your own pipes when they leaked, you hauled your own firewood in your own pickup truck.

&gt;Not like those hipsters in their tiny apartments, or ""those people"" in their public housing projects, waiting for the landlord any time something breaks, knowing if things get too bad they can just pick up and move. When you don't own anything, it's all somebody else's problem. ""They probably don't pay taxes, either! Just treating America itself as a subsidized apartment they can trash!""

&gt;The rural folk with the Trump signs in their yards say their way of life is dying, and you smirk and say what they really mean is that blacks and gays are finally getting equal rights and they hate it. But I'm telling you, they say their way of life is dying because *their way of life is dying*. It's not their imagination. No movie about the future portrays it as being full of traditional families, hunters, and coal mines. 

I'm pretty sympathetic to this argument, since I grew and maintain that same work ethic and mentality.  But...that's exactly one of my main annoyances with capitalism.  The reason people don't fix trucks and live in apartments that they don't maintain and move out of in 2 years to another white collar city job...is because that's what capitalism rewards the most.  Capitalism won't reward the guy who takes a vacation day to fix his backed up sink.  It rewards the hedge fund manager who tells his secretary to get someone to do it and leaves a blank check on his table in the morning and expects it to be working when he comes home.  Eschewing kids, focusing on your white collar career above all else, these are things that undoubtedly are incentivized by the state of the market.  Who's likely to make more money when they grow up?  A kid who spends a Saturday riding with his dad to the dump to unload some scrap?  Or the kid who's learning Python?  We can agree that one is more healthy than the other or gives a more well-roundedness, but in terms of raw competitive capitalism, it's clear what lifestyles add to a personality and resume that will be more well received by the market.

I absolutely agree with the author that there is an inherent satisfaction in working with your hands and fixing things and feeling good and tired at the end of the day, like you deserve that hot dinner.  But people in cities don't dismiss that because of what it is.  They dismiss it because an objective look at the market shows that these types of behaviors are dis-incentivized .  If a maintenance guy at the local assisted living community who fixed his own truck and worked on his house made as much as a hedge fund manager, and financial analysts made $30k a year, all those city people would flock to be the maintenance guy.

The reason for the lack of ownership culture and a repair mentality is planned obsolescence, the drive towards efficiency, and ultimately capitalism.  It rewards the managers, the financiers, the people who don't work with their hands and make decisions at an abstract level.  When people say ""Jim deserves his millions.  He started as a janitor at the auto plant and worked his way up to be CEO"".  What ""working your way up"" means is increasingly taking less hands-on tasks and more tasks where you come to work in a suit and look at spreadsheets.  Yet then the same people who vote to not tax Jim will complain about people wanting to be more of the suit guy and not the sleeves rolled up, hands dirty kind of guy.  To me it's always self evident that if we want the rustic life to continue, it would need to be subsidized by some degree, because capitalism will automate it away, and eliminate it due to efficiency reasons, because it is objectively less efficient.

I've never been able to understand this contradiction as long as I've lived.  My rural conservative family will nod along to Fox News saying ""how dare you tax that rich man, while you were all relaxing on the weekend, he was working his ass off to build that company"".  Then when I wanted to spend a weekend starting a website or coding or a service, I get that ""what, you mean instead of coming to the family barbecue, you're gonna be inside sitting on a computer?"" or ""It's a shame no one has family dinners anymore, well that's what the liberals want"".  IMO these people are deeply skeptical of capitalism, but have never been able to look at the issue from a zoomed out, abstract, and objective point of view.  It's always been reframed by the right-wing.  I think these people could easily become deeply left-leaning if someone with the relative charismatic appeal of Trump was able to frame it in the way I've described here.

What do you think?"
"So, I’m a deep believer in education as the main driver of positive change in the world. Personally I believe that the only true and definitive solution to all of the worlds problems that can be solved is education—everything else is either provisory or just an illusion. This means I think a lot about education and how it is working, and how it could be working better, and I think that education is seeing several changes as the age of the internet becomes more and more a dated term, and some are pretty great, some not so much.

So here’s a little bit of what I see and think:

Firstly, I think basic education should be focusing more and more on how to think, rather than what to think, and I think exploration into realms such as philosophy should not only be much more widely present throughout education, but they should also start at a much younger age (personally I went to a school where philosophy was only taught as philosophy in high school, and I had a chance to do an exchange in a school in america where it wasn’t taught as philosophy at all). Subjects such as mathematics and sciences should focus a lot more on the processes and on how to get to the answers than on the answers themselves. We usually learn a lot of stuff that we take as axioms even though their proof is very simple and could be used to present a way to think mathematically. Another thing that I think needs to be much more common is treating school subjects not as stand alone, but as things that are deeply interlocked. Physics and maths deeply affect one another, the sciences in general are greatly affected by the historical events, culture, and customs, and the arts of a given time also tend to be deeply affected by the scientific knowledge and technologies available at that time (one example of this is *Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein*). My experience with learning about the arts and history is that they were so disconnected that I have, to this day, a hard time placing different art movements historically, and thus deriving knowledge from what the times could tell me about the movement, and this is considering that the arts classes *did* come with commentary on the historical context surrounding the appearance of different artistic movements. I think that by tying everything together it is much easier to find the teachings that are so important in subjects such as history, literature, etc.; teachings that are absolutely essential in the development of the student as a person. This is already more than a bit so I’ll stop here so that I can talk a bit about tech and it’s place in learning.

I think that the access we have to information today needs to be taken much more in consideration in education. For one I think it allows much of the content part of education to be moved outside of the classroom, and so the classroom itself becomes more of a place to debate ideas and put into practice what is learned. The teacher is not necessarily the portrayer of knowledge but more of a guide and mediator of learning. Taking history, for example, instead of long expositional classes about a lot of different stuff, the teacher could lead the class with a few prompts about the subject before the class, so that people can do their research with a certain freedom to follow the tracks that entice them, and then the class itself could be more of a conversation where the students share what they’ve learned and the teacher helps them navigate those information, picking “facts” that might be wrong, or misinformed. This is a great way to tie in different subjects for instance. A more scientifically-minded student might focus on the scientific research being developed during a certain age, whereas a more literary-minded one will talk about the works being written at the time. One great thing about this is that people get the chance to talk about the things they’re most passionate about, and if there is one thing I’ve learned after years of hearing people talk about the most diverse stuff possible it’s that there is nothing more engaging than a passionate speaker. I could probably truly listen to anyone talking about anything if they were truly passionate about it. One thing I think is great about this is that by inviting people to actually share their personal studies in the classroom those studies can be put into perspective by the teacher. For instance, one thing I have been thinking about recently is the possible negative impact of the growth of science educator youtubers, because they can give a simplified view of a subject or research area that while great can create are bias in the minds of the person, kind of how CSI and other crime shows primed people to expect a certain type of evidence in court cases and so juries were becoming more likely to dismiss perfectly admissible evidence because they were expecting “stronger evidence” that just wasn’t really necessary or even common. I think that having a teacher that can help put things in perspective can make people take the most out of those educators without the possible side effects.

Anyways, I didn’t intend to talk this much, even because I really wanted to read your takes on this. So, a final TL;DR, I guess, is that understanding should come before knowing, instead of the other way around, and the ways to make people understand is to involve them in the learning process and, specially, mix the subject areas."
[removed]
It seems like a similar train of thought.
[removed]
"To be honest, I just try to distract myself from depression. I cant make friends and have no life goals. I feel like im just spinning my wheels, going nowhere. Im 23. 

I wish i was religious because a little jesus would fill this hole well. What else are some common things to give purpose or goals in life?"
"To the best of my understanding, when the competition is perfect the efficiency is 100%. But obviously, right now the economy is not at 100% efficient. What is the biggest source? So we know how to start fixing it."
"Sure, there are tribes like the North Sentinelese, but we are very much aware of them even though there's been no contact. I'm talking about societies that nobody knows about, who similarly have no idea that we exist."
[removed]
"Emotional weight aside, running after an accident brings disgust in most of us, but it's such a biological reaction. Maybe we should praise those who stay to help, but not necessarily judge those who flee?"
"Have heard a lot about it, and the youtube trailer has intrigued me a lot. But I cant find it anywhere."
adolescent being people who are not trusted with the full responsibility of an adult.
There were parts in the episodes where she acted so weirdly sexual towards her.... I thought she was going to kiss her or try to make a move
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I been wondering because I noticed everything from tv shows to fashion is about 80s or sometimes the 90s, but majority is from the 1980s. You have the new Wonder Woman movie coming out that takes place in 1984. The recent Transformers movie was from the 1980s. The hit show Stranger Things is obviously in the 1980s. IT Chapter One takes place in the 1980s. A lot of shows that came on in the 1980s has been rebooted and so forth. Although the 1990s was not too long ago, we are starting to see a comeback with the fashion and media. But I don’t ever hear anything about the 1960s or 1970s as much. In my mind I’m thinking that it’s because of the unpopular Vietnam War going on at the time and the civil rights were going on so it was a turbulent time in the US. Hopefully someone can enlighten me on this."
"My friend (a facebook friend, but we've chat in person occasionally) posted a remembrance to her cousin who died around three years ago. I asked her how he died and that I have my condolences to her.

What she said next made me instantly change my stance.

She said that he was having stomach problems so he took a pill to sleep and fell asleep on the sofa. He was alone in his home. She said at around 3 AM firefighters were called to the house because people could see blue flames out the window. Firefighters came quickly and when they got into the living room they found his belly was bursting these bright blue flames that began to spread to other areas of his body. She said he had a hole in his abdominal cavity where the ''explosion'' tore it out. She said the cause of death was asphyxiation from breathing the fumes and that no outside ignition sources were found. She then said she looked this up shortly after he died and she said it's possible that the nerves in his gut produced ''sparks'' and ignited the flammable materials in his gut, causing a fiery explosion.

I told her she was full of shit,replied also with ''are you OK? Like mentally?'' and that she was an asshole for trolling everyone. I said there's no medical documentation of people's guts exploding like that. She then got very pissed off and told me that I was inconsiderate because she was grieving and how not many people believed her. She then called me an asshole and blocked me and I'm still blocked.

I'm from the UK and I literally searched for 2 hours for any mention of this in our online papers in 2016-2017 and can't find a single thing which makes me believe she's just making stuff up."
Do you guys have any recommendation on books/podcasts/music that can make us more confident and positive? I’m depressed and this is my last semester in college so I try to find some ways to cope with it. Thinking about reading books and listening to podcasts while driving. Appreciate if you guys can share your experience on how you successfully deal with being low self-esteem
Its 2020 I dont understand why i can't buy an album or song and not get the two versions. There are some songs instrumentally i love but I think the singer is awful.
The spectrum of opinions on the organization is vast but Im also interested in hearing what people wish for it. What goals would you want the organization to aim for?
"Curious about the state of society in the West.  What values were essential to a thriving society that we do not hold today?  I have a few ideas on this myself, but I don't want to lead anyones response.

It could well be the case that my premise is entirely incorrect and society is not collapsing.

Thoughts?"
"The virus itself does not cause any fiery effects, but it affects the gut, and causes the gut to produce more of a liquid called Diphosphane. Diphosphane is pyrophoric meaning it self-combusts once it reaches a concentration exceeding 0.2%. Once infected, the gut malfunctions, produces too much diphosphine, and within about 2 days, their gut suddenly ignites in a fiery explosion, causing SHC. The mortality rate is 99% percent, the remaining 1% survive with severe burns to their intestines and stomach.

How would the world respond to this? Would people panic?"
" Currently doing a project on morbid curiosities and why we humans are so counterintuitively attracted to things that should repel us. 

Was thinking along the lines of horror movies, rollercoasters, watching gruesome, disgusting videos, trying extreme foods, you get the idea. What other counterintuitive behaviours come to mind? I really want to expand the topic and see where it takes me but can only think of the examples above. Thanks in advance!"
Is it a product of rap music being the most popular form of music for like 20+ years now?
"I was thinking in the STEM field, but I wanna hear everything you guys have"
[removed]
" I mean when you go to serbia people are taller than most. That small country dominates in sports and many serbians are in best teams in many different sports and have won many championships on europe, i read somewhere that serbians have more testosterone than others.

I live in Finland and i have traveled from Finland to serbia many times, people are far more dominating, stronger, bigger and taller in balkan area when it comes to north europe. I mean i've met somalis, half americans, estonians, finnish, swedish, norwegian, kosovons, russians etc.. i still see that serbians, bosnians and croats dominate others, especially in social situations, mostly serbians but yeah.

I mean serbians were crazy back in the day, causing world war and other wars and shit, but that time is over because NATO ruined our dominion in europe. But serbians still fight A LOT and that country is mostly mafia's everywhere and corruption, i know because i've been to serbia million times and my parents are from ex yugoslavia.

&amp;#x200B;

About asians: I've had asian friends before and i've met many asians, most of them are super short and not that strong, but most of them have super anger issues and get angry pretty fast, especially people from thailand, but most asians are either skinny or overweight from my experience, but always short lol"
"I want to somehow explain my question without sounding like a guy from the movie Idiocracy or thinking of the concept of de-evolution.

Human society has progressed (al though I mean in general perception, not in a sense that our story is progressing as a rule) and technological advacements have made our lives longer, healthier and happier and less painful. 

Because of nature's adapt or die rule, humans have through history adapted and only the best survived and we did this, until we became so advanced, we didn't have to play that adapt-or-die rule.

It is too simple (at least in west society) to get food, some research has pointed out that or cognitive functions are getting worse because of phones and tablets, so if humans aren't really challenged by any trials our far ancestors were, and there are no 'real' challenges in this present, won't we regress or not adapt quick enough to meet those challenges? 

For example, we have the nuclear weapons. You have to be knowledgeable and specialized to be able to produce it. If you have it and release it upon Earth, we might go extinct. So, most humans don't know how it works, the dangers and grave danger and responsibility, but at the same time we are not progressing quickly enough to understand all this issues. 

Can this create a scenario where technology is not helpful anymore, since it becomes too complex and we can't understand complexity fast enough, that we get stuck in a kind of a limbo, we don't go back to being monkeys, but we also don't become a new species able to handle all this, and everything gets destroyed or AI takes over etc."
What’s worse? Hurting someone you love or being hurt by someone you love?
"Like the thing that always annoyed me about poltics is that ""facts"" don't actually seem to exsist. People only care about looking at information that reaffirms their pre conceived beliefs instead of trying find the most objective answers possible. Its seem like who do this the most are the people who do this the most are the most smug about be the real ""critical thinkers"" and claim the people who disagree with them are intellectually lazy. A big part of critical thinking is being able to accept your wrong. But these people seem to be unwilling to accept the possibility that they could be wrong because they or unwilling to accept anything that puts their worldview into question and just cherry pick information that backs their information that backs their agenda which inevitably leads to taking things out of context."
" Is it true that during 2008 financial crisis, black and brown people got laid off first? if there even were any, to begin with, while the white man got to keep his job? that's so racist."
"I’ve recently started reading a book called *Far From the Tree* by Andrew Solomon. Over the course of ten chapters, Solomon interviews parents and children where the child was born with a “horizontal identity” shared with peers, that makes them extremely different from their expected “vertical identity” of traits passed down from their parents.  

His interviews cover a range of horizontal identities, from geniuses to criminals, trans to dwarfs.

Anyway, to the point of this thread, an interesting ethical aspect he touches on is that medical and technological advances are increasingly providing parents with options to “rectify” (or partially rectify, or eliminate) some of these at birth.  

For example, CRISPR gene editing or Cochlear implants to avoid deafness.  Among the Deaf community, such technology is controversial - a threat to a thriving culture that opens up rich aspects of life to members that hearing people can never fully know.  

Putting the decision to amend a child’s identity into the hands of the parent could signal the end of horizontal identities that the mainstream consider to be “illnesses”. Proponents of this medical / technological intervention see it as rectifying defects, reducing disability and suffering. 

But where is it ethically defensible to draw the line? Some Deaf activists would not want to be hearing (or want that for their children); some dwarfs, proud to be a part of the Little People community, see the idea of any form of treatment as abhorrent. 

What about when it comes to non physical “corrections” - if parents were given the option to influence their child’s sexuality, for instance? Here it gets even murkier; I expect many of us find the idea of conversion therapy unpalatable, but what about if there was the option to influence this before a child is old enough to develop their identity? Research suggests a high proportion of parents would not actively choose for their child to be gay if it was in their control.

I find so much of the above hugely tricky territory, with so many grey areas and difficult decisions. As a parent to be, I have no idea what side of the fence I would fall on some of these issues if I face them in the context of the child I am carrying. So I am interested in others’ perspectives on this controversial topic.

Is it idealistic to allow a child to grow up with an avoidable “disability” because that’s “who they authentically are”, or is it naive to strive for perfection under the (questionable) assumption a “typical” health profile will translate into a happier life for them? How does this vary by the condition in question?"
"[What is the background that led to this fight?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD5pw65ZnsU)

These are guys with no boxing background, correct? Are we at a point now where once YouTube beef rises they settle it in the boxing ring or something?

At the end of the fight they said KSI will be next... What the heck? I'm not a YouTube watcher like that, I only know Jake Paul from the video ""It's Everyday Bro"" and never heard of the other guy. But I am a boxing fan and Sugar Shane Mosley was his trainer, so that must be big.

Guys, what am I missing here? What the heck is going on that the Youtube Pop culture suddenly mashed with boxing?"
"I made an account after watching alot of those reddit videos on youtube, they made me happy for a hot minute. 

So I'm 16. Been at it for 2 years and instead of consistent self harm its more of a do it once in a while but when I do, it's super bad. Like blackout from blood loss bad. 

Now the problem is for me, I have no real motivation to stop. I have no friends, my family doesnt care about me and I hate myself. 

The strange thing to me is that it has not negatively impacted my life, so far atleast. It honestly helps me and nobody has ever noticed except one person but they didnt care. 

I just have nothing in my life. No hobbies or skills or anything. I've tried to draw, sing, write, play piano and have I zero talent at it. 

I'm just kinda floating around I guess."
"Like I do hear people say asians are racist/don't speak out against racism. And asian jokes seem to be as common as jokes about white people these days. I even see racism against asians being justified, like people saying they don't speak out against racism and black people have to constantly coddle other races to get respect (which I believe is true)."
"I have distinct memories around the ages of 3-8 (maybe even 10) of falling deep in thought and hearing a feminine serpent-type incredibly fast speaking voice that would suggest I do things and provide me with ideas. These instances seemed to become less common the older I got, until they completely stopped, at least 10 years ago.  The voice didn’t feel completely malicious, it felt curious, critical and more intelligent than i felt at the time. 

Does anyone have similar memories? 

Please direct me to a more appropriate subreddit, if there is one!"
"What is the mechanism by which a new disease is identified. At what point does a series of infections turn into a pattern that turns Into an awareness of a new disease emerging and who does this? Why don’t doctors just assume it is a cluster of people with a cold that turns into pneumonia, for example. How does it get elevated to the point where they sequence and identify a novel virus?"
"So warning: a long post about a video game that I legitimately think is a good idea but feel it's ignored because it comes from a videogame.

So with real world events, it's hard not to draw parallels with the video game ""The Division"", a game about New York city and the rest of the world beind hit by a bioweapon.

Lets ignore the game, the game mechanics and the crazy technology used  but instead focus on The Division or also known as SHD and scenario: Human civilization collapses.

The Division or SHD is a secretive self-sustaining and independent organistion within the US Government that is activated by the presidents order when the government, law, healthcare and society had collapsed.

The whole purpose of The Division is to literally save what remains which is also the tagline of the game itself and the motto of the The Division is ""Extremis Malis. Extrema Remedia"" translated as ""Extreme Evil, Extreme Remedy"".

The Division is composed of educated civilians with unique talents, skills or personality traits that will be useful when Human civilization collapses. Engineers, medics, former law enforcement or military, psychologists, scientists, analysts or genuinely good and trusted people: desirable traits in any scenario.

To be recruited you have to be selected by the government and once accepted you can go on to recommend people to also become a part of The Division so friends, family or colleagues.

Overall it's composed of people who are trusted, people who are good natured or those with skills that will be useful post- collapse to rebuild and heal society.

Those who are selected and then accepted are to go back to their lives and carry on as usual but are ordered to have go-bag(composed of basic survival equipment) if they are called uponand keep their affiliation a secret.

Agents are above everyone  (military, politicians, law) except the president and they only answer to the president. The reason for this is because agents are independant.

Their one objective is this: Restore order by any means necessary. It's essentially one big kill order because in a realistic lawless environment it's man eats man and the worst of us will take advantage of this to commit even greater atrocities. 

The biggest problem and greatest threat to Humans in a post-collapse environment are your fellow Humans. You don't need proof because you can just go visit r/worldnews or r/imatotalpieceofshit so what the worst of us are capable of.

Not all Humans are bad, I am 100% certain there are some genuinely good people who easily put their lives at risk to save the innocent and weak hence why I'm bringing up this discussion.

We need a backup plan because picture this: the government has collapsed, hospitals have failed, the economy exploded and the law no longer exists, nobody is coming to save you or your family.

Now take one look at China today and the Corona virus. The virus shouldn't be a problem but the economy tanking is going to happen, assuming the virus doesn't become a pandemic because we are still in the early stages.

We only have one chance at this, ever heard of the great filter? We're in it right now and we aren't doing so well at the moment.

So assuming we conquer the Corona virus  and using it as lesson, do you think The Division as an idea is a good idea?"
"I’ve seen two of my cousins lose a parent - my aunt passed after losing a two year battle with cancer, while an single was killed suddenly in a tragic road accident. I’ve also seen marriages end for two of my friends - for one friend the husband/wife decided to divorce after many years of trying to make things work amongst challenges, while for another friend, she walked in on her husband cheating and things ended right there when things were quite good between them before the incident. 

I’ve been wondering - is there any research on whether a slow or sudden end to a relationship is easier on the survivors? On the slow side, you have time to build acceptance, but with a prolonged period of suffering. On the sudden side, it is a lot to deal with all of a sudden. Any acedemic studies on the topic?"
"I wonder what subreddits are out there that have specific humor styles/specific meme postings.

I am subscribed to the ""big 4"",the general meme subreddits that are the most popular- r/AdviceAnimals, r/memes, r/dankmemes,and  r/wholesomememes.

Also I'm on r/MemeEconomy and r/BikiniBottomTwitter they are not general but they are very popular for specific categories.

I am already into 6 subreddits with memes but I'm not felling entertained like I used to, not that much funny stuff anymore, i mean its still fun but I want something new.

So what do you guys recommend?"
"Okay guys, I'd like to apologize for formatting and spelling because I'm on mobile and my autocorrect is a asshole.

So..my boyfriend and I have been together for over two years now, both 25. I'm female and wouldnt consider myself bisexual, but I did experiment in highschool alot. I find beautiful women.. beautiful but not in a sexual way. My boyfriend who has never  experimented with the same sex, recently told me he is bisexual. I'm not sure how to take in this information, hes offhandedly mentioned threesomes in the past but once again.. I experimented in highschool and dont find that kinda thing up my alley. This relationship is the one I've planned on spending the rest of my life in, but now I feel settled for because he hasnt gotten to experience that side of himself and I feel it's going to be a issue in the future since I only want a monogamous relationship. I feel like I cant provide for him sexually because I might be considered kinky in the bedroom, but I'm the submissive one. What really threw me off with this, since he has reassured me that it wont be a problem..is that he bought himself a sex toy.. we have a very active sex life, least five days a week and most days more then once. I dont own anything along those lines because 1.) I dont need them because of how sexually active we are 2.) Every sex toy I have gotten (mostly bondage stuff) I've shared with him..
Hes opened up this entire sexual side of himself I cant be apart of. I dont know how to move forward or what to expect... please tell me how?"
[removed]
"I know why lawyers defend rapists, while unpleasant it is how the system goes and they have a right to counsel. One of the ways to defend your client is to discredit the victim or their story of the assault. This can get messy and pretty invalidating for victims. So I guess I'm asking what's it like? Do you feel bad? Also I am talking about cases where you believe your client is guilty but must still abide by them not the cases where you truly believe the accuser is lying."
"I'm a male, i've grown up with solving my own mental problems and not talking about them, this has led to me being completely clueless as to what to say to people that opens up to me, I am completely lost and don't know what to say at all, example:

Person: My dad just died and i'm feeling like complete shit and don't know what to do

Me: Shit, that fucking sucks, can't imagine what that feels like."
iam using coraldraw for some study stuffs i entered my personal gmail and password to signin iam now little worried. i uninstalled coral now
How old were you? What made it so difficult? How did you get out of it and what did you learn?
"I work as a restaurant manager right now. I need to work at least 50 hours a week because I am salaried. I'm having a heck of a time managing my work-life balance. Right now my week usually has two days off, but the rest of the days are anywhere from 10 to 14 hours.

These 12 hour plus shift just kill me. It's hard to do them back to back, and I am always worn out on my days off after. I'll spend my day thinking about all the things I want to do on my next day off, but when that day comes I am too worn out to do anything other than just lay in bed.

I have complete control over the schedule, so I can do whatever I want with my own hours. I thought I would try working less days but more hours, which means open to closes. I don't know if that would give me more time on my off days or if it would wear me out even more.

The alternative is more days but less hours. Maybe work 6 or 7 days a week but only have 5 to 8 hour days.

What do you think?"
"I often see people shaving their heads because someone they know is going through chemo and is losing their hair. Or getting a tattoo to
resemble' a medical problem some is going through (like a scar or hearing aids). 

People who have been through/are going through such medical journeys, do you think that something like that is a nice gesture? Because I would understand that you wouldn't want someone looking like your medical problems (problem for lack of a better word), especially if they don't have them themselves. But on the other hand it shows solidarity."
"It seems that there is alot of ""bro science"" out there about anti ageing remendies with alot of substances used (resveritrol, TrT, stem cell treatments) have dubious scientific backing at best.  

What are some remedies that are actually well established and have strong scientific backing?"
"I'm from Europe. To ""us"" - the majority of non-Americans - it's unimaginable how Trump ever became the US president, yet here we are. It's even more unimaginable that he will be re-elected, but *""fool me once..""*

My question is: how should other countries react, with Trump (cum suis) in power? How should our world leaders respond to his - well: stupidity? His goading, his lack of diplomacy, his all-over threat to world peace? Should we just ignore him and everything he says? If so: how? If not: then what?

How do you treat the world's biggest bully? 

(Also, but that's a whole different question: with the US having as much power as they have, on a global scale: shouldn't we, ""the globe"", have a say in who becomes president..?)"
"I discovered this YouTube account called: Distorted Paradise. And I've been pursuing it a little bit after it's inception. I've tried to post it to the ARG subreddit in hopes that maybe one of them could help me out. No luck there at all, so I'm HOPING that maybe someone here could help me in figuring this channel out. I tried analyzing it a while back but it seems the more they upload, the more convoluted the entire thing becomes."
[removed]
"I've been realizing this for a while, but it hit me again when most of the coverage about the Iowa caucus was ""Did the winner get robbed of a media cycle?""  I've been realizing that most news, reports, and analysis, in almost any field, is about how the ""mass of low-information people"" will react to something, rather than what the reporters themselves think is the takeaway.  It's very rarely a monologue about facts, building to a persuasive case.  It's so often ""Are people going to like the radical?  Are people going to like the moderate?  This candidate tripped on the way to the debate stage?  Will that hurt them in the polls?  Let's check in with Twitter to see what the initial jokes are""

Then, some of these people have the gall to actually complain that politics or whatever is becoming a superficial contest.  They're the exact ones who made it this way!  Of course Noam Chomsky has written about this, and yes, I've seen and read Manufacturing Consent many times.  But it is a curious tactic to make all of your substantive reporting focused on how ""people"" will react to something, making a subtle indication that if you don't agree with that, you're in an out-group.  It's just so dismissive to me, saying ""It's not even worth talking about the merits, all that matters is how people will react.  And it's not even worth making public appeals to sway them, because they aren't swayed by things like this, because they're low-information.  So I'm just going to talk about what I think they'll do in their vacuum, and nothing else"".

I've been scanning the Washington Post opinions for articles about Bernie Sanders.  There are tons of them.  [1](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/01/10/its-bernie-not-biden-who-has-electability-problem/), [2](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/01/15/bernie-sanderss-agenda-makes-him-definition-unelectable/), [3](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/01/15/bernie-sanderss-agenda-makes-him-definition-unelectable/), [4](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/01/03/when-does-sanders-get-scrutiny-top-tier-candidates-deserve/), [5](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/02/03/is-bernie-sanders-really-happening/).  Every single one that I've seen is simply talking about if they think other people will vote for him.  Even the ones that are ""pro-Bernie"" are ""people will vote for him because X"".  I still haven't seen a single one focused on ""I think that these policies are the best for the country/unworkable/unlikely to get passed"".  Isn't that really weird?  All these expert minds are not parsing the news for us, or giving us factoids and tying together stories.  They're just telling us about what other people think and what they think other people will think.

This is not relegated to political news for sure.  Say in video games.  Most podcasters will talk for hours about if the PS5 being revealed before the Xbox Series X gives them better optics, or increases their ""mindshare"" and if it will lead to better launch sales and if that momentum could be carried.  So few just go ""Hey I was playing this game last night and I just want to talk about how smooth the mechanics are for like 10 minutes.""

Why is everyone becoming the most boring type of pundit?"
"I have been at my current job for almost 10 years. I work as a restaurant GM. I have been in restaurant management all my life, but things have just gotten so stale lately. My boss expects me to work 50 plus hours (on salary, so no overtime). I also don't have any benefits other than free (unhealthy) food.  We are a lower volume store, so it's hard to make his labor goals without running a skeleton crew. Running a skeleton crew makes is hard to provide great service to guests to get them to visit again. I try my best to be motivational to our crew, but there is only so much I can do.


I feel very guilty thinking about it, but I have been wanting to leave for awhile. I have many concerns though.  One positive is I am secure in my job now, but I am still unhappy. If I found another job, I would risk not making what I need to live. There is also the possibility to lose a new job and then be scrambling to get something else.  I have no degrees, but much leadership experience in management.

So reddit, what would you do? What kind of careers could I look into? How do you get over the guilt of leaving a job? Am I just being a whiner by complaining about 50 hour weeks being short staffed?"
[removed]
"I'm from Europe. To ""us"" - the majority of non-Americans - it's unimaginable how Trump ever became the US president, yet here we are. It's even more unimaginable that he will be re-elected, but ""fool me once..""

My question is: how should other countries react, with Trump (cum suis) in power? How should our world leaders respond to his - well: stupidity? His goading, his lack of diplomacy, his all-over threat to world peace? Should we just ignore him and everything he says? If so: how? If not: then what?

How do you treat the world's biggest bully?

(Also, but that's a whole different question: with the US having as much power as they have, on a global scale: shouldn't we, ""the globe"", have a say in who becomes president..?)

*(I posted this question earlier, but for some reason the text didn't show up, so I deleted and reposted. My apologies)*"
"I have some friends and family on Facebook that somewhat frequently post actual fake news(like something in it is deliberately doctored). I generally post a link to snopes, politifact, or some other fact-checking website and say something like “wherever you got that from is deliberately lying to you and trying to manipulate you”. This can get a bunch of different reactions, but even in cases where they delete the post, I’ll almost always see them share something else that’s false from that same Facebook group later on. Has anyone found a way to actually pull people out of these toxic Facebook groups?"
"We have seen it around all our lives; people who are pure evil, get almost everything and get away with almost everything and people who are pure good, get dragged through their whole lives. While someone smart, with some good and bad, has a reasonable life. 
Do you need to have some amount of bad or evil in you?
Is it necessary to face the evils of the society, and where do you find the balance between the two?"
"I have a lot to contribute and offer but am somewhat displaced atm so I’m reaching out. The major components are my age, status - divorced, and current location - kind of out in the mountains. I’m sure there’s people older than me here but I just breached the 40s and wow is it a new world. Maybe a lot of it is in my mind but I remember seeing 40M/F posts, even last year at 39!, and thinking *well theres another old person post that’ll get no love and fade into oblivion*. Being on the other side now, I get it; and I must admit it brings about valid worries and fears.

For you other old fogies out there :) if you’re in a similar position as me, what have you done to counteract the slow fade to irrelevancy? I’ve been trying hard for years but to not much avail. It’s very hard to find connection as you get older, especially after divorce and family instability. It seems like reddit isn’t the greatest place to find those meaningful longstanding friendships that our hearts desire. Its a great system here but the people can be so mean and hateful (anonymously of course). Are there other platforms out there as good as reddit but have a more niche focus in finding relationships and community? I’m on meetup.com and a couple others and have made some connections but it’d be great to know of more resources if they’re out there.

I didn’t plan on writing so much but I guess I needed to spill out a bit (((old person group hug))). Any help that you can provide won’t go unnoticed and will be greatly appreciated. Thank you much."
"I have a lot to contribute and offer but am somewhat displaced atm so I’m reaching out. The major components are my age, status - divorced, and current location - kind of out in the mountains. I’m sure there’s people older than me here but I just breached the 40s and wow is it a new world. Maybe a lot of it is in my mind but I remember seeing 40M/F posts, even last year at 39!, and thinking *well theres another old person post that’ll get no love and fade into oblivion*. Being on the other side now, I get it; and I must admit it brings about valid worries and fears.

For you other old fogies out there :) if you’re in a similar position as me, what have you done to counteract the slow fade to irrelevancy? I’ve been trying hard for years but to not much avail. It’s very hard to find connection as you get older, especially after divorce and family instability. It seems like reddit isn’t the greatest place to find those meaningful longstanding friendships that our hearts desire. Its a great system here but the people can be so mean and hateful (anonymously of course). Are there other platforms out there as good as reddit but have a more niche focus in finding relationships and community? I’m on meetup.com and a couple others and have made some connections but it’d be great to know of more resources if they’re out there.

I didn’t plan on writing so much but I guess I needed to spill out a bit (((old person group hug))). Any help that you can provide won’t go unnoticed and will be greatly appreciated. Thank you much."
Basically title says it all. I'm trying to send a Visa gift card to someone as a surprise but dont know their email and texting is the only option. I can't ask for it without them thinking something is up. Any ideas?
"Capitalism having portrayed today as the most efficient economic system  created by Human society compared to other economic system like communism or feudalism or state run economy . Capitalism Ideology run on how meritocracy and efficiency of free market help  produce the most efficient result for all agents of economy by letting Offer and demand balance itself . their is usually three agents in this system , companies that form the bulk of production and industrial demand  the middle class workers that represent consumers and the state that represent the regulator. 

companies compete with each other on the market to offer products to Consumers helping giving the most efficient price of the market. the state job is to maintain infrastructure  necessary for the economy ( electric grid , transport , security ... ) and control sectors that tend to form natural monopolies (usually sectors that require heavy investment to get started like production of electricity or building infrastructure) and help relieve negative externalization that one agent production effect others in a negative way (like pollution , consumption   of resources , noise ...).  

this is a simplistic way to view the system. the thing i see as breaking down the system and make it function ineffectively or a way to harm society. today Capitalism is refereed to it as corporate Capitalism have a big flaw and it is Companies have became so large that is impossible for States and regulators  to control and regulate . we are in the Situation where International companies and Mega companies are stronger then entire states and body regulators which they usually control. Capitalism usually undergo periods of recession and then growth and when an acute crisis happen like the the crisis of 30 and oil crisis the system undergo structural change to fix itself. the problem today companies and financial enterprises are become so large that they block any structural change to current form of Capitalism to maintain it's current power-hold.  usually now after crisis more symbolic temporary  changes are made by state regulators then after a while it is business as usual . it also block innovation in several sectors so it won't compete with them ( like green energy production and medication ...)

&amp;#x200B;

the power-hold of such companies is creating other problems like imposing monopolies or oligarchies in several sector of economies which rise prizes on consumers. a very good example will be the insulin market in united state that is controlled by three companies Eli Lilly Novo Nordisk and Sanofi causing a extreme rise of the price of insulin in united State. Monopolies  are forming in more abstract markets like internet with google , Facebook and other media giants that can control the narrative of  news for people.  a lot of large big companies have been complicit in several large problems in society being climate change or modern slavery . usually when a scandal brake out the company would play the shocked unknowing actor and promise to fix the problem then business as usual.

&amp;#x200B;

Companies are taking so much part of the resource pie and revenue that is not allowing other agents to function correctly . the boom in internet and online economy and technological advances did not translate to more resources for society or ordinary people . we have seen a  rise of debt on national level for states as well on individuals as well as impoverishment of middle class and weakening of it's power. We have an increasing of the accumulation of wealth by the richest and companies  while the part of middle class and workers keep shrinking which is dangerous in long term because it can cause social upheaval and such disparity of  health if it become acute enough can cause revolts and revolutions. 

the current form of capitalism have a social and health price on people and it's future. this a system obsessed with short term profit with large negative consequences on society and even long term prospects of companies. the system run on debt and scarcity have negative effect on well being of people and their development .  the push for profit have contributed a large part for Climate change which represent the biggest negative externality in history. 

So the big Question is how should reform the System to be more in line with developing a healthy society and a stable economic growth that won't endanger the progress of humanity ?"
"&gt; At-will employment is generally described as follows: ""any hiring is presumed to be 'at will'; that is, the employer is free to discharge individuals 'for good cause, or bad cause, or no cause at all,' and the employee is equally free to quit, strike, or otherwise cease work.""[\[6\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/At-will_employment#cite_note-6) In an October 2000 decision largely reaffirming employers' rights under the at-will doctrine, the [Supreme Court of California](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_California) explained:   
&gt;  
&gt;\- Wikipedia

&amp;#x200B;

As an European who just discovered this, I'm dumbfounded and I think this would be impossible to enforce here as this is ""good"" for the market but that implies a lot of social, economical and also psychological precarity for people.

Is it challenged by workers class ? rich people ?"
I'm turning twenty this year and know nothing. I can do domestic stuff like cooking and cleaning but I know nothing else and I'm not trying to be a housewife. Nobody even taught me anything like how to balance a checkbook or change a tire etc. I'm moving out this year and I need to be prepared. How do I learn this stuff?
"We have seen it around all our lives; people who are pure evil, get almost everything and get away with almost everything and people who are pure good, get dragged through their whole lives. While someone smart, with some good and bad, has a reasonable life. 
Do you need to have some amount of bad or evil in you?
Is it necessary to face the evils of the society, and where do you find the balance between the two?"
" **If you're a straight male, and for 1 billion dollars u had to suck a dude's dick with a guarantee noone would ever know, would you do it?**"
"So after finishing school over five and a half years ago I've pretty much done nothing. I had a part time job for a few months in late 2018, but haven't looked for work since. I have no money, no real goals, skills or interests, I've gained a lot of weight (I weigh ~300 lbs) because of constant binge eating and I can't bring myself to do much, not even regular hygiene habits. I've pretty much spent all my waking time playing video games and browsing the internet.

I want to change, and that's why I'm asking here. If you've ever found yourself in that kind of situation, what did you do? What worked?"
"Look at Detroit:
https://www.bridgemi.com/guest-commentary/bad-government-caused-detroits-decline-dont-blame-riot-slideshow
https://www.michiganradio.org/post/data-analysis-modern-day-redlining-happening-detroit-and-lansing

What do you expect when you shove them in there without a safety net? Its like the Hotel California, you can check in but you can't check out!

It seems minorities can't escape it, even with Section 8 housing:  https://equalrightscenter.org/source-of-income-and-race-discrimination-dc/ 
https://thinkprogress.org/study-finds-rampant-discrimination-by-landlords-against-people-who-get-housing-help-98be24c1ecff/ https://www.citylab.com/equity/2019/01/section-8-housing-government-low-income-vouchers-renters/579496/ 
https://www.shareable.net/timeline-of-100-years-of-racist-housing-policy-that-created-a-separate-and-unequal-america/ 
https://prospect.org/justice/staggering-loss-black-wealth-due-subprime-scandal-continues-unabated/"
"I'm looking for personal experience, although opinions are also welcomed.

For example:

* Working as a builder / carpenter / plumber / electricians, and then becoming a civil engineers.

* Working as a factory worker / mechanics, and then becoming a chemical / mechanical engineers.

* Working as a lower skilled allied health professional, and then becoming doctors / dentist  etc.

Or lots of other fields that I haven't mentioned yet, but I hope you get the idea."
What is a product that isn’t popular to most people but you would buy if someone sold it in their stores
[removed]
"Excluded getting on the streets and playing with their friends, what do you think would be the best way to entertain young kids (not babies)?

So much of children entertainment, specially on TV seems to have taken a really overtly ""educational"" to the point where the moments that are about teaching or exercising some skill stick out like a sore thumb, making the whole thing just excruciating to watch for the non-children. It almost seems like small lectures in the middle of entertainment, so it got me thinking if it isn't possible to have something that is better than this, entertainment that really is actual entertainment, that lets kids enjoy the things they were watching without the ulterior motives of the parents, but that can still have a positive impact on them. I think about the power of whimsy, and how it can strongly impact people throughout their entire lives and that I think end up a little bit lost in shows that seem to be forcing lessons in the middle because it kind of loses the connection.

To be fair and honest, I don't really know what I'm talking about, I'm not a parent and I don't often watch child entertainment, but when I do I feel like I see a trend of making the kids entertainment more overtly superficial on the notion that kids can't get subtext, or they can't consciously go beyond the superficial, and so where entertainment geared towards children seems to have been created by people who had philosophies about doing those things -- like Jim Henson and Mr. Rogers -- nowadays the shows that are made for kids seem really to only be skin deep: they're shows that are being made to be educational.

I should also note that I'm 22 and non-american, so my reference to Mr. Rogers and Jim Henson are not from a place of my own nostalgia, but rather from seeing so many people look back on those, and then seeing things like the Kermit The Frog TED talk, and seeing stuff about how they approached creating their own types of entertainment that gave me the feeling like they didn't approach things as skin deep, it wasn't about getting the child's attention and using it to teach them something as a justification, but rather it seems like it was truly about entertaining and educating together and as one.

A last note about why I even care about this -- since I'm not a content creator, parent, or anything like that -- is that I believe strongly that the biggest chance we have of making the world better is through making children be able to make the world better, and I just don't feel like shows that seem to patronize and speak down to children are the way to do it. It shouldn't be about coating lessons (moral or otherwise) in stories to make them entertaining, but rather telling stories that carry in them lessons."
"Today, the modern conservative movement has reinvented itself as the party that indirectly advocates for the interests of working class whites, a demographic of citizens that have seen wealth and prosperity stagnate, or decline. What is the future for these people? What can be done to reverse these trends, if there is any at all?"
I have two friends. My friend who has bipolar and my boyfriend who has aniexty issues they're both really smart and are nice people. But they lack empathy and say very unethical things. Like if someone tells a person they should kill themselves they shouldn't be punished . I agree to disagree. I feel like people can say whatever they want but there should be a line . They're really nice people but I just feel disconnected from everyone atm . I'm just wondering if this is normal.
"I've tried just about everything including OkCupid, Tinder, Bumble, PoF, etc. I don't get likes, no matches, nothing. I've been having slightly more success going out to meetups and volunteering. I'm not into the bar, rave and club scene.

I feel like I'm doing something wrong maybe a bad picture or a bad profile. Although I'm considered average looking by most people, my race finds me pretty attractive (I'm Levantine).

This is the main picture I post on these websites:  [https://imgur.com/a/qfhdGMn](https://imgur.com/a/qfhdGMn) ... I also include another professional picture and a few selfies and doing some mundane activities. I don't have pictures of me going out to other countries as I prefer to take pictures of landscapes and so on, which I include in a second album.

I used to post really long profiles that girls didn't seem to read. I got them much shorter and simpler but I don't know if I don't know if I did the wrong thing. I really like writing and I feel like I had to dumb down my vocabulary and style, which I don't like.

My profiles:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAloneDating/comments/f19do4/28\_m4f\_ottawa\_canada\_soulmate\_who\_isnt\_my\_twin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAloneDating/comments/f19do4/28_m4f_ottawa_canada_soulmate_who_isnt_my_twin/)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/f195ep/28\_m4f\_ottawa\_canada\_looking\_for\_someone/](https://www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/f195ep/28_m4f_ottawa_canada_looking_for_someone/)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/ewfnk4/28\_m4f\_ottawa\_joining\_stars\_for\_eternity/](https://www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/ewfnk4/28_m4f_ottawa_joining_stars_for_eternity/)

 [https://www.okcupid.com/profile/reasonful?cf=regular,matchsearch](https://www.okcupid.com/profile/reasonful?cf=regular,matchsearch) 

I don't know how to show my Tinder and Bumble profiles. But they're much much simpler because they don't provide much room for text.

I'm not message the extremely attractive girls. I'm more into average looking girls and I don't mind if they have a slightly bigger body style than me.

Not sure if this is the right place to ask, let me know what you think. I'd really like the input from female member."
"I know a classroom setting is more ideal, you won't get very far without a degree and its not useful with things that require very specific hands on learning. But on youtube alone there are clountless step by step lesson playlist,lectures from top universities, documentaries and audiobooks on pretty much any subject. Thats gotta be worth something."
"The news is reporting on the DNC chair and lawyer talking about the the iowa caucus. Several news sources use the exact paragraph as follows: 

The incorrect math on the Caucus Math Worksheets must not be changed to ensure the integrity of the process,” wrote the party lawyer, Shayla McCormally, according to an email sent by Troy Price, chair of the party, to its central committee members. The lawyer said correcting the math would introduce “personal opinion” into the official record of results.

How fixing math that is objectively wrong count as personal opinion is beyond me, but my question is, does this count as an admission that the caucus is rigged?

In my mind this seems exactly equal to the bullshit that happened in 2000 when the Supreme Court shut down the recount in Florida. It feels like a rigged election, much like 2000 did. Is this not the case?"
"I would like to get to know your take on this so much. 

Is someone nice supposed to care about everything in a practical way for the benefit of every person?, of himself/herself?, of the future of every living thing?

A nice person has a basic set of qualities that need to be switched according to the case, a nice perdon needs to have rules and know when to break them. I feel like someone trying to be good cannot be seen as the good person sometimes because not everything can be satisfied for some nonsense or because of fear."
"I am a pretty stubborn person if there is something I care about. I always thought it's a good thing but now it kinda starts messing with me a lot. I have a boyfriend, we are almost 3 years together and everything seems to be in perfect chemistry. Of course we have moments in which we fight, say stupid stuff we shouldn't say, act emotional and hurt each other. It doesn't happen often tho and we manage to solve everything...
BUT there is the problem, I don't know why I am so stubborn but I can't let go of the things he did or said that hurt me and it often comes up in my mind when there is a similar situation, I then tell him that I again have it in my head and that it bothers me but with that I also destroy the mood between us, I hate it, I feel like I am going to destroy everything like that. I just can't forgive him fully and have those things stuck in my mind. (He never cheated, he is a great boyfriend)
I just don't know what to do, my boyfriend knows about it and I told him everything like I wrote it here, he advised me to do some therapy but I don't want to open up to anyone. I don't like it."
"I don’t know if anyone else deals with this, but even though I have locked my front door and made sure I lock it, once I get into my car I immediately have to go back and reassure myself that it is locked and won’t open. It has even gotten to the point where I will drive 10 minutes away &amp; have to drive all the way back just to ease my anxiety. Whenever I don’t, I feel as if I am dealing with a really bad anxiety attack. Any tips?"
"Sorry if this sounds like a stupid question but I'm curious. 

So I don't support murder, obviously. I believe it is wrong, but how do we know It's evil? or even good? I mean what determines something that's good and evil how do we know our good or evil isn't different to some hypothetical alien, and even if it was different then how do we know who's values are right?"
"Barely a few generations ago, the worldwide sentiment was that women didn't need to vote, or have much of a life outside housemaking. This has changed in most of the world now, the current obvious truth (to most) is that women and men deserve equal opportunity. 

That was just an example, but really, there are SO many things people took to be unquestionably true. People thought that illness was caused by bad air, that babies couldn't feel pain. These opinions were often held by people who honestly meant well and believed they were right, just like me.

Worldwide, 30 countries allow for same-sex marriage (31 if you count Mexico where it is in some jurisdictions). \*  There are 195 countries in the world, and that leaves about 165 or 164 where it is safe to assume that the people generally believe that same-sex couples being able to marry is not a priority at best and actively fought against at worst. I have a bias here, obviously, in that I agree with all these social changes that are happening. I like women being able to vote, progress in medicine that may be needed to keep me alive one day and same sex couples being able to marry.  But I still wonder how we can ever be sure that we are moving in the right direction. Is it as objective as we think?

No movement is perfect. The feminist movement has and had its flaws, so does the the LGBT movement. Medicine has its flaws. How does society decide the 'threshold' for how flawed a movement is before it's not effective or worthwhile, or worse, damaging? 

&amp;#x200B;

\* [https://www.pewforum.org/fact-sheet/gay-marriage-around-the-world/](https://www.pewforum.org/fact-sheet/gay-marriage-around-the-world/)"
Is our sense of wellbeing completely culturally dictated or can human beings come to more of a collective and standard set of wellness criteria?
"Hi, I've bought a package of peanuts with shells. Almost all of them have the same peanut taste and shape we all know. Some of them have smaller shape, darker in color, and looks dehydrated. Those small ones have the most intense flavor, even their shells taste like sugar.

What are those peanuts? Do they have a special name? Can I buy only that kind of peanuts?

Thanks in advance!"
"I have been hearing this sort of talk for a while now (Nearly 10 years and counting) and its mainly how government officials and FTC members view animation.

To sum it up the view seems to be rhat all animation is for children. Thus its treated like it is targeted towards such a demographic regardless of the animations contents.

Is this sort of view ever really going to fade out of these institutions or is this some sort of insulated belief that will manage to keep surviving into the future?"
"I am diagnosed with Anxiety and Panic Disorder, as a result I tend to space out and forget where I am and what I’m doing. It makes living tough.

Today I was doing something that really stressed me out, and I went into a Panic episode. I started to feel like I was dying, like my heart would explode, and my legs turned into jelly. I couldn’t steady my breath, and sat down slowly for a bit. I dissociated, but it doesn’t end there:

I don’t know the medical term for it, maybe it’s a hallucination. But my entire field of view dissolved to black as I dissociated and not a second later, I was at a beach. I looked around, just sand. No buildings, except for the steps behind me that lead out of the beach. I looked forward, and it was nothing but ocean. The water waving around, the wind blowing through my hair, the warmth.

I realized I was not there, and that this isn’t actually happening. As soon as the vision came, it went.

This has been happening more and more when I dissociate, and I don’t know what to call it other than a “vision” or “hallucination”? What would this type of hallucination be called?"
"Has anyone heard about the Convention of States? So far it looks like 28 states have signed on. Only 38 are needed for the Convention o be held. What are your thoughts or concerns?

The apparent reason for the call is to address amendments to govern the power federal government has and to instill term limits for Congress, as well as other issues facing our country."
"The Constitution declares man free with unalienable rights not to be infringed, impeded, or construed as privilege for profit. However many of our rights have been construed and amended over many years until we believe them to be privilege. It has all been done for profit under the guise of making you safer.
 Lets take driving and the licenses,restrictions, and other expenses they charge us to in order to exercise that RIGHT. That is correct. Driving is a right of American Citizens....not a privilege you should have to pay to exercise. The US Supreme Court has ruled in several case of just that. Ive attached those court rulings being cited below. 
Here is a excerpt. 
 ""The right of the citizen to travel upon public highways and to transport his property thereon, 
In the ordinary course of life and business, is a common RIGHT which he has under the right to enjoy life and liberty, to acquire and possess property, and to pursue happiness and safety. It includes the right, in so doing, to use ordinary and usual modes of travel. Includes, the right to drive a horse drawn carriage or wagon thereon, or to operate a automobile thereon, for the usual and ordinary purpose of life and business"" -Thompson v. Smith Supra Teche Lines v Dansforth,Miss 12S .2d 784

""The use of the automobile as a necessary adjunct to the earning of a livelihood in modern life requires us in the interest of realism to conclude that the RIGHT to use a automobile on the public highways partakes of the nature of liberty within the meaning of the Constitutonal guarantees."" -Berberian v Lussier (1958) 139 A2d 869,872 see also Schecter v Killingsworth 380 P.2d 136,140;93 Ariz 273 (1963)

These are just a few of the rulings from our nations highest court. So the questions remains. If the US Supreme Court has already ruled driving is right not a privilege, than why are we forced to pay for that right and criminalized if we dont comply? Why arent the members if the Supreme Court not mandating these unconstitutional laws and striking them down?  Why is our government allowed by the courts and Congress to institute such illegal restrictions without penalty? These are issues we want to fight. These are rights the people deserve to be reinstated and recompensated for the criminal rule passed over us."
"I’m 18 and was car hunting with my parents. We went to a dealership and considered two cars, a 2018 Dodge Challenger, or a 2019 Honda Civic. We were planning on leasing and the Dodge Challenger was just way too much so we settled on the Civic. I like the car and am appreciative but I fell in love with the Challenger and am planning on getting one in a few years on my own when the lease is up for this one. Was it hard buying a car you wanted?"
"I have never understood how judges and political officials can be allowed to swear a oath of office, when they have openly been lobbying for unconstitutional laws and restrictions to be passed. Isn't it a direct conflict of interest, and therefore a disqualifying factor, for someone who is known to lobby for unconstitutional policy and agenda to even be eligible to take a Oath of Office for any government position of power?
  If the Constitution is considered Supreme Law in our country than how is this not being a punishable offense being carried out? Wouldn't it also be a breech for those that observe the passing of laws or take part or are complacent in the act? If you swear to uphold and protect then that means you will stand up and speak out and do what is necessary to preserve and prevent any attack on the Constitutional system. Am i off base in my understanding? I served and swore a oath myself so i would hope not."
"The internet more and more iterates how much the human body is capable of healing itself. In today’s world, we’re quick to jump to over-the-counter medicines and doctors to recover from things as little as headaches or flu. And this is how not only do we put the immune system on crutches, but might actually be weakening it.
So I have a couple questions I’m hoping someone would be able to answer:
What exactly is the real healing ability of the human body? How long should we wait before reaching for medicines or going to a doctor? What diseases can the body heal on its own?"
"Imagine A tells B to have sex with A or else A will punch B. B has 2 choices, to have sex or not to have sex. The choices of B are limited but they are choices nonetheless. B nods in agreement and chooses to have sex with B out of the fear of being punched, but are B's agreement and choice under coercion ""consent""? B chooses to have sex under coercion, but as I have read coercion is never consent, I would like to know what the differences between choice/agreement and consent are, why coercion is never consent, and if there are any articles or books on why coercion is never consent."
"I see one i only semi want to go to for one day to see 3 of the 8 bands announced. Honestly i dont love any of these bands. They are good but not amazing and not anyone im rushing out to see. Id also be going solo for this. 

Reasons I'm iffy to go.

I have been to live shows before and have not enjoyed them. Could have been the environment but it was just a thing i did with freinds. 

Rarely do I ever want to see a band live. I can pay 10-20 usd for a cd and listen to it whenever i want to and not pay 30-65 usd plus drive at mininum an hour and 30 mintues to and back from said event. 

I don't drink or do any drugs really my biggest expense would be gas and any merch? Iffy on that aside from cds if i bought anything. I'm 25 and not a social butterfly like at all. Like I have a hardtime understanding how most social constructs work plus beat myself down plus over think anything so its not like im going expecting to meet people. 

I could be using that time to be productive. Writing, reading. Excersing, learning an instrument, and a slew of other things

Id be going for the tunes not the people. Honestly I do not want to meet the band members like cool if i do i guess? But i just like the things they make not them personally.

Reasons i want to go. 

One of the bands playing on said day is from japan and while I am not the biggest fan, I am aware how rare it is for some metal or rock acts to travel outside of Japan to just play for even a  day. Especially when said bands are not anime centered. 

Gives me something to do in the summertime. I tend to be a homebody in the summmer but i am very active in the winter because i burn easy. 

Thats it really. Its a lot of money to go with ticket plus gas and maybe merch id be looking at a 150 dollar bill for the trip and I am not rich and it seems like a lot for one day."
"I have buddies who are vote blue no matter who and are pro Bloomberg at this point, with some who are even working for the campaign. In my opinion its plain dirty. To sell out democracy and the rights of your own fellow American for a big paycheck is wrong. Principle is important, and anybody that tells you otherwise or tries to justify working for Bloomberg while espousing populist rhetoric is either a fool or has no principles."
"I have been seeing this more and more lately and it honestly makes me so disinterested in whatever the fuck they are advertising I instantly drop it and just not touch it. The Little Mermaid casting Ariel as a black girl. The Witcher changing multiple characters race for no reason. Troy: fall of a city making Troy black. The Story Of Britain by the BBC not only made large swaths of Romans black but also Celtic peoples. BBC also casting a British queen as a black woman. The Green Knight making sir Gawain Moorish? Seriously, what the fuck.  


I understand wanting to be more inclusive. I could even understand maybe changing characters ethnicity around if you did a total reboot and changed large portions of the story to make it fit while still keeping the soul of the story intact. I just don't understand the need to replace large works, cultural icons, historical figures/armies with a totally different race while changing literally nothing else. People of other races have their own history, their own stories their own folk lore, so why not share those instead of writing Europeans out of their own cultural works?"
[removed]
"I'm turning 21 next week, and it keeps me up at night. I know I am still young, but the idea that I am currently in the prime of my life and that once it's passed I'll just be growing older and older just terrifies me boyond words."
"Before you say it depends, Surely there must be something versatile?

A handle shape that is ergonomic, reduces vibration, Creates enough friction even in rainy or snowy weather?

A blade thin enough for small cutting work, small enough for cooking, A center thick enough for weight during heavy cuts, does the axe sag downward while leaving hollow space behind it, Is the edge length of the axe short or long(I dont even know what help or disadvantages that brings) ?

Material that is between tough and brittle so that it may bend just a little when deflected and also wont break on impact, has a good ratio of strength to weight?

P.S. This goes for any bladed tool or weapon be it spear, axe, Sword, knife, saw, or even hammer if you know a versatile design."
"I am crushing majorly on this girl I'm friendly with at work. I decided to come clean today. I told her truthfully that she was the prettiest girl I've ever met, and it would be awesome if we could go out some time. She blushed, and laughed, and said she'd think about since admittedly, I asked her kinda outta nowhere (we were just joking around but I been waiting so long to tell her). 

So I am just gonna see what happens with her. I won't bring it up again and if she does, she might be interested. However, there is another girl at work who has a physical disability, and I am fairly certain she has a crush on me. She is very shy, although she has asked me to go to concerts and stuff before, but I turned her down (ironically I... said I'd think about it...). I am not attracted to her at all, but I feel so lonely. I am 21 and have noone close to me. I want someone I can care for, I want someone I can wake up to every morning. I want someone to love because I am so so lonesome but... she has to be cute. She has to be sexy.

Is it vain that I want a potential gf to be hot? Is it selfish I wouldnt go out with a girl I wasnt attracted to? Is this a case of beggars being choosers?"
Most of my classes require extensive readings while the books are just tedious and lengthy concepts. I tried to stay alert by drinking coffee and tea but none of them worked. I was thinking about taking adderall but my family doctor won’t prescribe it unless I go to a psychiatrist. I want to get my work done but I feel really sleepy and tired during the day.
"Gullible analyst: 

Will Chinese government take rigorous shake-down on the Extreme Animal Markets in the country?

Or

According to a Chinese-Millionaire deserter in the US, the coronavirus has been developed in a lab in China, and then got leaked into the Wu Han Market.

Or

Another conspiracy theory reads that the deadly virus was developed in Canada and smuggled to China; and then it was spread in this aforementioned Market."
"Recently I ended up discussing with my friends about democracy, because I think it's overrated
What kind of government development do you think it's the best and why?"
"I am talking big events that you thought would happen. Political, scientific, etc."
"Usually the option is raise the child and lose your social life, financial stability, etc. , or abort the child/fetus(not going to get into that argument), like putting the child up for adoption doesn’t exist. 

This is what happened with my mother. My biological Grandmother had a teenage pregnancy and put my mother up for adoption. She was able to move on, got married, had kids, grandkids, and became basically a normal grandma. My mother grew up, got married, and had me and my brother and had a pretty typical upbringing and family. For me its basically like having three families, its pretty nice! 

I know this kind of thing isn’t always the case, but I don’t get why its so ignored, especially for women raised in middle to upper class families, when private adoption agencies exist. 

Now I am a man, so I am not too in tune with this kind of argument and try to avoid it, but this is always so widely ignored I am more curious as to why."
"There are so many choices in all our lives, do you ever question yourself and the nature of your existence?"
"I am imagining thousands of people all over North America have faced or are facing this situation right now. No one, rich or poor, wants their child to be in a uncontrolled and dysfunctional classroom but what choice do many parents have? Either you can afford the 25k private school or you can't.

This topic has been needling at me since I had an experience with some students from a infamously bad nearby school. There were some of them who very pleasant and I enjoyed spending time with them but the others were so terrible I almost couldn't believe it. They were cartoonishly awful. I keep putting myself in the shoes of a parent that is forced to send their children to school with other kids like that. That thought just infuriates me but I cannot think of a way to help the situation. This topic, on the surface at least, seems not to have a starting point. So many societal issues are wrapped up in it that I'm not sure where to even begin the conversation.

How do we build and maintain safe and productive schools? What responsibilities do public schools have in relation to the society they serve? What kinds of costs should we be prepared to bear?"
"I asked out a friend from work recently. She told me she was flattered, and she kinda blushed and laughed. She said it was very sudden but she would think about it and get back to me. I am.. I am crazy about this girl. I told her honestly, she's the prettiest girl I have ever met.

I think she will probably say no but.. even if she says yes I am kinda worried. this girl is beautiful and graceful, sweet, feminine, kind and gentle, good to everyone. people at work love her and she loves everyone. I will be upfront. this is painful to admit. I love this girl. I want her. but.. I don't deserve her.

I am a loser. I don't have any real friends (I am friendly with people but I never really go out or anything). I got bullied a lot in school. she is very well-liked and sociable and outgoing. could a relationship between us ever work?"
"As a white woman in her 20’s, would it be offensive to wear Air Jordan’s?"
"So I've been with my husband for almost a decade, and he had only been around my family for one day (the Christmas two months after we met). I know this is fairly odd, but we are from separate states, and we've been moving around the country for school/work (and not going to lie, but I've been avoiding the inevitable a bit as well).  Well, we've been talking kids, house, and a dog for years, and we've come to terms with family being a very necessary inclusion in that equation. 

See, I grew up not knowing an entire side of my family because of dumb family feuds, and it created a weird void, so I don't want to cut ties that will undoubtedly affect my kids lives and upbringing.  If they gain nothing else from my family, they will learn tolerance and acceptance.  I've never shared this with my family because I imagine it would be very painful to hear (or they would merely be in denial), but not a single friend of mine or previous boyfriend has ever liked them.  The usual descriptives are as followed: pretentious (that one is very popular), ignorant, obnoxious, or just a$$h0le$.  It's extremely embarrassing, and I'm very self-conscience that I share those characteristics in anyway. It's bizarre as well because I'm from a broken home that experienced a ton of ""have nots"", and none of us are wildly successful as adults. Our only ""claim to fame"" is that we all have very high IQs, which equates to absolutely nothing, obviously.

Anyways, we've taken the leap of settling down where my family resides, and I'm freaking out because my husband is being faced with how much he genuinely dislikes my family (despite my lack of sugar-coating them to him, while trying not to trash them).  Nobody is without their faults, but my husband is truly a wonderful person, and I'm about to explode from hearing all the condescending remarks from my brother and SIL.  All the terrible interactions and $hit comments have made me feel the desperate desire to shelter him from the rest of my family.

I know I can't change them, and I have no desire to take that challenge on, but cutting them off is not the answer. How do you recover/cope with your own family giving you the absolute ""ick""?!"
"I saw a video a few weeks ago about a single mom with a degree working 2 minimum wage jobs, and it got a lot of traction. I thought I saved it but I guess I didn’t and I can’t find the video again. Does anyone have a link or the name of the woman? Thank you"
"I arranged a romantic getaway this weekend for my partner and myself as we have had a lot of stress lately. It was a time to reconnect mentally and romantically, so we left devices (phones, computers) in the car. Sunday was designated our ""Valentine's Day"". 

After playing cards in a beautiful great room of the lodge we were staying at, I suggested we grab the last two cozy seats overlooking the mountains and have some hot cider and chat together. He said sure, but as I sat down with the cider he jumped up and ran off saying, ""I'm grabbing a drink from the bar."" (In another room of the hotel.) I waited for ten, fifteen minutes and he still wasn't back and people were eyeing our seats but I finally ran over to see if he was still waiting and saw him standing just in the door of the bar, it looked like waiting for his drink. I sat back down and waited another ten minutes. After half an hour with nothing to read around and no one to talk to, I went to see what was up and found him. He had an empty cocktail glass and was chatting with the guy beside him. He noticed me and smiled and said, ""Hey!"". I said ""I thought you were coming back with your drink to sit with me "" ""I decided to have a drink at the bar."" ""So you don't want come to sit?"" I asked. ""I'm going to have one more drink."" At this point I was pretty hurt so I just said, ""Okay, then I think I will just head back to the room. Can I have the key?"" (I was a little snappy, absolutely.) He came to the room shortly after and asked if I was upset and when I said my feelings were hurt and I felt forgotten he said that was ridiculous and that I had embarrassed him in front of that guy and asked why I couldn't act like a normal human being and sit on my own for 15 minutes. When I said it was half an hour with nothing to do after he had said he was coming back to spend time with me and just ditched me, he said my feelings shouldn't be hurt because he was saying nice things about me to the guy at the bar. At that point I said ""I am sorry I handled our interaction that way"" and told him that I saw it was about more than this specific incident to me. The fact that often he seems to forget me (we say we are going to bed to connect and he will be ""up in 5 minutes"" but an hour later he is still downstairs playing chess on his phone,  or I am planning to cook dinner or watch a movie with him at 7 and he doesn't show up or respond to calls or texts until 9 or 10 pm and then says, ""Oh, sorry, I already ate"", or ""I ended up hanging out with X and forgot."" 

He says at this point I should have just joined him and the guy at the bar, but this weekend is to make up for the romantic New Year's getaway I planned that he ended up inviting his two guy friends on, so I really just want to spend quality time with him. 

He then calls me out for being ""toxic"" in situations like this and says he can't see it from my perspective as I had control of the situation and my actions ruined the entire night. I ask for some empathy about my feelings being hurt and he says he is working really hard not to explode in our argument as he is absolutely furious about my behavior.

I guess I just don't know if I need to adjust my expectations or communicate differently or what (I know I could have handled the encounter differently at the bar), but I feel like I also want to be remembered  and prioritized by my boyfriend. Also, I don't know how to explain this to him to get empathy or understanding. Does anyone have any ideas? I love my partner a lot. Thank you for reading this - I seriously need communication help."
Pi Network is a new cryptocurrency that you can easy mine with your Phone without using battery.We still very early so dont waste time and start mine now.Remember btc was worth 0$ in the early days.Developed by a team of Stanford PhDs and graduates.Download the Pi Network app from Play Store or APP Store and add my Invite code lebougas to join Pi Network.Start mining before the next halving.
"For context, last weeks a stabbing supposedly occurred down my street and we saw a few cops cars at the time. 30 mins later one cop knocks on the door, asks for one of my housemates names, birthdate, and how long we’ve been in the house. He also asked about the security cameras that are visible on our front porch. 

My other housemate said a similar thing happened a little over a month ago, after a supposed break in 2 doors down. This housemate actually said the cop could use the security cameras, but he has not been back since?

Is this all routine in these circumstances? By the way I do not live in an extremely safe neighborhood as you can see."
"(A common argument)
P1: Average Person votes based on emotion rather than information
P2: Democracy Chooses the most popular candidate not the most competent leader
Conc: Democracy rarely forms the an efficient government 

Although I personally don't agree with the conclusion I have no problem with the premises. With my cynical and edgy world-view democracy just seems like a ""Choose your own Denise"" kind of a way of running your country. 

Question: Considering this, is there a way to tweak the current Democratic system of electing a government without making it blatantly elitist ? 


Backstory:
(Not Important) I'm from India and people voting based on emotions is very much the case here, we have a low score democracy index, growing up I always thought education was the answer but now it seems people are A) Too emotionally driven and will turn a blind eye to logic when convenient B) Politicians themselves seem not too inclined for educating the masses (keeping education as a right instead of duty)
There definitely are examples in every developing/under-developed democratic country in which people have chosen the more competent leader out of the bunch but (IMO) they are too few and far between to substantiate any proof that democracy is fundamentally broken

(Apologies in advance for grammar and spellings: I'm Dyslexic)"
"I am in my 30's and I really want to better myself.  I have never exercised.  I work a job on my feet, so I do keep busy.  I'm not overweight, but I still feel like I need to take better care of my body.  I want to know of easy ways that I can start exercising regularly.

&amp;#x200B;

One thing I tried was getting a gym membership.  I went to Planet Fitness, as it was only $10.  It only lasted about 2 months before I quit.  I went 3 times a week in the mornings.  It was easy enough to understand, and I went for an hour each time.  My issue is that it was hard to work the traveling time into my schedule.  It was hard to actually get up and go.  I work 5-6 days a week, so I find it hard to do anything on a day I work.

&amp;#x200B;

It would be easier if I could do something from home, but then there are too many distractions to keep me from being focused.  It's so easy to just get lost on the computer or a video game instead of doing what I need to do.  

&amp;#x200B;

What are your tips for a true beginner to start and keep at it more than a few months?"
[removed]
"Hi !
I'm new to reddit and it's my first time asking for help from social media .. i hope you *who read my post* can give me your opinion about what i'll talk about ..
I'm in my first year at college studying Health Science ..in the beginning i didn't want to sudy this field because i don't like chemistry or any subject in this branch ..but with the preasure and the persuadation of my family ..i started studying health science .. now i don't have the passion for studying and i don't even care about failing in the exam .. i don't want to let my parents down but i can't help it .. i think about changing my branch but i don't want to lose a year of my life (the year  of studying health science ) but also i don't want to study six years of health science which i hate .. please help me to settle on one opinion ..thanks alot"
"I've recently been thinking about the rules that govern my own life, examining if I really stand by them and perhaps deciding if I want to change them to something more noble or virtuous. I'm wondering if anyone out there has stumbled upon some wisdom that became a rule to live by."
"You know, the same routine of going to work, coming home, maybe playing some video games or watching tv to relax, then doing it all again. I feel burned out and need a break, but any time I get a day off I can't motivate myself to do anything."
"Obviously Nazi Germany was pure evil but I think because they lost western people bash them far more than they do with other evil empires.

Look at how the British treated India (or how they and later the Americans treated Native Americans), how the Spanish handled the Inca's &amp; Aztecs or how Africa was butchered by these empires.

Yet while many do agree those were bad things, there are way more apologists and they are never seen as in a completely bad light like Nazi Germany."
No one ever gave me advice or guidance and now it's hard for me to listen to people. Hopefully this doesn't end up on sadcringe
I’ve been thinking about the concept of originality a lot lately. I do not feel there is a true form of originality. Everything we think stems from or is inspired by something else. I understand that innovators create new things that people haven’t seen before but I assume these people have created these new innovations from past experiences or stimulus. Am I off base or what do you think?
"It seems like almost every single teen I come across has either anxiety or depression. Some officially diagnosed, some not. It’s scary to think that at least half of them are on some sort of mind altering medication. Why? Is it because we have normalized this in our society?"
"It seems like almost every single teen I come across has either anxiety or depression. Some officially diagnosed, some not. It’s scary to think that at least half of them are on some sort of mind altering medication. Why? Is it because we have normalized this in our society?"
"How do cat owners allow their pets to walk all over the same place they eat, cook, and store hygiene utensils?"
"We see photos of things light years away with full picture, why can’t we see onto those planets and see if there is other life on them? Maybe it has been tried and I am just not looking hard enough."
"This has happened to me twice now! I (21F) have been working in this store for a year &amp; a half. The previous manager once confronted me about- what he perceived to be- an indifferent attitude toward my job &amp; overall performance. He came to this conclusion, because(I guess) I didn't reflect long enough on the problems he presented, and I didn't react (seem upset/ cry) when he told me that a customer had complained. The thing is, I DID cry-just not in front of him-NEVER in front of anyone!!! I refuse to let people, ""see me sweat"". I refuse to be seen as weak, or unprofessional. However, this has backfired badly. This newer manager has brought up the same issue, but unlike the former, she's letting her perception dictate how she treats me. She patronizes me to no end, nit-picks, and just seem determined to ""break"" me. This behavior is causing me to further shut-down, and seem more cold. Part of me wants to tell her that I care, but I know I WILL cry- and I WILL quit if that happens. I live with an emotional manipulator (which is the main reasons I struggle with showing genuine emotion), and I can't give her that power. Why should I? This is not my career, and plenty of people go to work for money and nothing else. Why do I have to care? But, I do! I know everyone, and I've put in so much work. This sucks!"
"Interested to hear thoughts in either direction here. This topic has recently become a discussion point for my family. We (4 adult siblings) have a brother with significant learning disabilities. Our parents are currently the primary caregivers but once they die there is an expectation us adult siblings will provide care (both in terms of living with, supporting that individual in day-to-day activities and likely financial support). Our parents will be leaving their inheritance in a fund to use towards the care of that individual. This obviously has made me think about this situation in more general terms, hence the question for discussion."
"Quick Question: Am I, a pansexual, allowed to say fa//// and dy// or are only gay and lesbian people allowed to use those words? Can every LGBTQ+ person use them?"
My daughter is babbling and making bababa and dadadad and mamama sounds and it made me wonder as to different countries and languages what sounds babes make? I know the pallet is formed a lot due to the sounds made while they are young shaping some of the sounds they can and can't make but to what extent? Thanks for your time.
Been watching some videos of crackheads running and stuff and wanted to know if you were fit what are odds you’d get away?
"My ex girl was physically and emotionally abusive. 

After she enjoyed the niceties I had to offer her and she was bored, she left. 

I was left with physical wounds and emotional trauma. My life changed dramatically and it isn’t the same anymore. I’m not as happy as I used to be. I hardly have any appetite to life but I keep going nonetheless. 

She knows she did wrong and so does her family. My friends including myself have made attempts to point out that fact but instead they would simply not respond. 

I can’t help but wonder why? 

Do they not have any morals?"
"Recently there was a mass shooting in Germany by some right-wing white dude. It seems that whenever there is a mass shooting, the immediate thing people do is look at the identity of the shooter. 

If the shooter is a Muslim, the right-wingers say we need to keep Muslims out. Left-wingers will say we shouldn't focus on his ethnicity or religion. (unless it's a white guy)


If the shooter is a white guy, left-wingers will say all kinds of shit about white guys. Right-wingers will say we shouldn't focus on his race. (they only say that when it's a white guy). They'll also place the blame on mental illness.

If the shooter is Hispanic, right-wingers will say we need to keep Hispanics out. Left-wingers will say we shouldn't focus on his race. (unless it's a white guy)


If the shooter is black, right-wingers will say it's because black people are inherently violent. Left-wingers will say we shouldn't focus on his race. (unless it's a white guy)

If the shooter is Asian, right-wingers will say it's because Asians are losers and nerds. Left-wingers will say we shouldn't focus on his race. (unless it's a white guy)

If the shooter is a woman, right-wingers will say ""hey look, a woman did it! See, women can be violent too!"" and left-wingers will say ""yeah, no shit"".


Basically the response is always predictable, and it's honestly disappointing that people focus so much on the identity of the shooter instead of the fact that people were killed. Of course we should talk about the ideological motivations of the perpetrators, but we shouldn't have to racialize them. And we *should* talk about the differences in how the media covers perpetrators of different races. But I hate it when people insinuate that the perpetrator did it because of some inalienable characteristic of his race or ethnic group."
"I left early from work on Tuesday because I started feeling sick. I had a fever and a headache so I was concerned I may be coming down with the flu. My coworker is leaving for a major vacation this weekend so and I don’t want to risk getting anyone sick. 

I went to the doctor yesterday morning and was told it was just a virus not the actual flu but stay home so I don’t spread It. However, nobody else does my job, so I don’t have anyone who can cover me. I had to go in to the office yesterday to complete some payroll. My boss was surprised to see me and basically was like 
“while your here can you do this ....” I let him know I was just stoping in to make sure payroll was sent, and let him know my doctor said I might be contagious. I did what he requested then came home and crashed. 

Today I’m still sick. He text me this morning to see how I was feeling. I told him I was staying home sick. However, I have some important documents that have to be done today and sent off so I was planning on doing it from home. Next thing I know I’m added to three text threads asking about projects and such. Then he’s texting me telling me that he needs certain things done. I asked him if I could take care of them tomorrow? He seemed reluctant but agreed. I sent him a text saying I’m sorry I’m not in today, but I really don’t want to get anyone sick. 

My job has a lot of deadlines and I’m kind of the only one who can do what needs to be done. If he really had to, my boss could do some of these things. But I feel like I should be able to take a sick day or go on Vacation without having work contact me several times a day. 

Is it possible to set boundaries at this point? I’ve worked here for 6 years. If so, what would be the most responsible way to go about it?"
"It appears some courts think that a defendant completely and voluntarily renouncing and abandoning would be a defense to an attempt. They think that a defendant is not guilty of an attempt if they (1) abandon the effort to commit the crime or prevent the crime from being committed, and (2) their behavior manifests a complete and voluntary renunciation of the crime.

But are there courts, any books or articles that argue on why voluntary abandonment should never be a defense and a defendant should always be guilty of attempt even if the defendant abandons the effort to commit the crime or prevent the crime from being committed, and even if the behavior of the defendant manifests a complete and voluntary renunciation of the crime? Also, are there any books or articles explaining why attempt is and should be a crime?"
"I don't even know what to think of this...

Back in November of 2019, I (22f)  left my purse in my boyfriends (30m) car overnight and he left his door unlocked (I know, soooo unresponsible. Don't judge). The following morning, someone went into the car and took my purse, and a few other items. Luckily, I had my debit card on me, and no cash in there.

However, all my ids, insurance cards, hygiene products etc was in there. 

Fast forward to today, I went outside to dump a bucket of cleaning solution and on the front porch I found a plain envelope with just my drivers license in it. No name of a person, nothing. No stamp. Nothing. 

This might sound weird but should I be thankful or a bit concerned? If this thief was so called trying to be nice, why not return everything? Why just my drivers license? How should I handle this?


Tldr; purse thief hand delivered my drivers license back to me. Should I be grateful pr concerned?"
I used to be completely obese and now I’m in the best shape of my life after working out for over a year straight.  I have a nice developed muscular looking chest other than my nipples and I’m super bummed because I’ve worked so hard but gyno has stayed the whole time and nothing changes.[picture of me before with gyno](https://share.icloud.com/photos/0cbOSwTnFvta6JaDQY946JDQw)[picture of me now with gyno](https://share.icloud.com/photos/0iv4PsJQvC5p0ouehxyg-zqIg)
"Kind of what I'm going through now. My gf is great but I feel like I want to date a load of people to work out what is best for me. Also I've never really had casual sex, and that appeals to me too. I was awkward in my 20s and have only recently gained more confidence and attention from women. As selfish as it sounds, I feel like I've missed out on that phase of life.

Tl;dr will casual sex and dating help me get over this feeling? Or will it make it worse?"
"In a deep friendship with clear care about each other's wellbeing, can a situation exist when sudden break of contact is still morally justified? If not, does such a concern alone indicate a lack of trust towards the friend?"
[removed]
"So about the ""texts"" usually my friends written english is as good as mine, so to have random  apostrophes and weird spelling mistakes that are too crap to be just typos makes me fear the worst. Honestly, I know this sounds like a tinfoil hat theory, but I am asking because I need more information. I fear the worst for my friends safety, especially knowing the sketchy things china does to suppress information. Thank you."
Just something I looked up last night and am wondering about. RSV can cause anywhere from 3-10% of all colds and there is also no vaccine for it.
"
Honestly though!!!!!!??!?! When, in society, did it become okay to look through your bf's/gf's, whomever's phone..?? Like, it makes my mind go crazy to invade someone's privacy like that. Even if I were married, I wouldn't think to go through their phone. They know what they're doing so I would imagine they would come clean if they did something that would betray me in anyway...
I just want to read other people's opinions on this topic."
"Obviously there are a ton of unknowns, but how do you make these big life choices? Currently tossing up staying in a country where I earn half the pay, have less respect at work but love the lifestyle here, vs moving back to my home country where I can be closer to my family, closest friends and on a much bigger paycheck, but without the lifestyle I love so much here."
"I am a 21 year old man with mild autism. I was treated badly in school (although honestly I brought a lot of it on myself, teenage me was a piece of shit), but am slowly learning to accept myself, and trust others again. 

That being said I cannot deny that there are many times when I think about suicide. I am actually volunteering with a crisis hotline charity, ironically enough. I look at my roof, and I fantasize about how easily all the loneliness and sadness and pain that comes along with the absurd, borderline-surreal experience we call human existence could be ended with one leap. 

am I alone in these feelings? does everyone feel this way deep down? do we all have a death wish? at the end of the day, life is hard, so very hard, and cold, but death is warm, and easy. a beautiful non-existence - the dead don't hurt"
"In today’s world, it’s really hard to see what’s what. Someone people will play the victim just because they’re stuck in this loop that helps them stay comfortable with who they are, while some people go through genuinely horrific events and accept them for what they are so they can outgrow it.
How does one differentiate between the two; in others and in ourselves? 
Does change require you to fully accept and say I’m responsible for every bad shit that has happened and I will turn my life around myself.
Or does look like I got here because of this and that but I will not remain a product of what has been done to me? 
How do we recognise self-victimisation?"
"Also, y'all are some amazing, brave, and hard-core people.. I could NEVER be brave enough to do something like that. I thank y'all all for what you do!"
Sorry for my English. I think you understand what i mean.
"I started working from home two years ago and since then, my two cat's have been out of control: non stop meowing, clingy to an extreme, constantly needing attention, fighting with each other, spraying and one even peed on my pillow. I suspect that since they suddenly had 24/7 access to me, they now expect endless attention and that is driving conflict and unrest. 

Vet has cleared them for any health reasons and suspects they're bored. Giving them more attention during the day, more toys and more things to do, **has made the problem much worse**. It's like the opposite of separation anxiety.

When you started working from home, how did it affect your pets and how did you work around it?"
[removed]
"I had a small conversation on retribution with a classmate earlier. I'm going to share a bit of it here;

Me: ""If someone punched you, you would punch them back to take revenge, right?"".

Classmate: ""If punching is immoral, isn't it always immoral? But also, if punching should be punished with being punched, shouldn't I also be punished with being punched again after punching the one that punched me? Revenge only creates a vicious circle to me""

Me: ""Well, I don't think that if you were to punch the one that punched you then that would mean that now it's you who can be punched again. Revenge is supposed to make both parties equal by having the one who gave punishment receive punishment. If someone punches you in the face and you punch them back, they can't say that now they will punch you to even things since your punching them back was itself to even things, in retribution. When you punched them back you both ended up receiving a punch which means you are now equal.""

Classmate: ""You proceed from the assumptions that punching the one who punched is justice, but that's not necessarily true. If we agree that punching is unjust, by doing ""one punch for one punch"" you may actually get more injustice, because you had one person who committed something unjust by punching, and now you have two. They may be equal, but equally unjust. Equality and justice are not the same thing""

This conversation peaked my interest, and so I am here now to ask: How do the defenders of retributive justice here argue against what my classmate said to me? And what are the best arguments for retributive justice and revenge?"
[removed]
"Like if a person gets bullied all the time, what is it about them or what could they be doing that keeps making them an easy target?"
"High crime neighborhood. Police have knocked about nearby burglaries and stabbing a couple times in last couple months.

There’s always a couple police cars parked about six houses down road. Why is that?

Also, whenever I step outside to go to my car, a cop car will drive away. This has happened a few times in the last month. Is this a coincidence or they watching me? Sus"
I’ve tried to find the differences between these situations but they’re exactly the same. You can either do nothing and let five people die or make an active choice to kill one person. Why do these two situations feel so different??
"What if it was a one off event and you couldnt record it because it happened so quick and so frightening or you couldnt get the context of the event so police couldn't consider it evidence?

In that case you would put voice recorders and cameras in every room but how would the storage for voice recorders work since cameras dont have the most clear audio recording?

Evem then is that legal to put voice recorders and cameras in every roon, would that be invasion of privacy if guests come over? Sure be polite and inform them but even then where do you draw the line?
What if the guests say something useful for evidence if an accusation was to happen, on the other hand it is invading privacy if something personal was said?

So how do we ensure constant secure evidence recording without breaking laws and invading privacy?"
"I have a feeling that as I grow older, I still have visions of how I want my life to pan out or which road I should follow next, however I feel like every year my options are getting fewer by a fraction.. And If I think about a decade, or 15 years, my options have been reduced a lot. How do you feel about these thoughts? How have your hopes and dreams changed?"
"I live in a fairly high crime density city. (Over 4000 crimes per 100k citizens) and my neighborhood and surrounding streets looks pretty colorful on our city’s annually published crime heat maps.

Since December, there’s been a couple cop cars parked maybe four hours down the street late at night. What purpose are they serving if they are up to an investigation? Or if they are just stationed there, what purpose does that serve?

Also, a couple times I left my house to get stuff from my car at like midnight and each time I stepped outside a cop car pulled away. Why would they do this? Are they investigating me? I didn’t do anything wrong I think please help."
[removed]
[removed]
"Hello everybody. Here's what happened: I'm just a random girl living my life to the fullest until all of a sudden my boyfriend tells me his dad tried to kill himself a week ago. For some obvious reason, I immediately wanted to help: I feel bad for my boyfriend's dad, I feel bad for my boyfriend (mustn't be a tough thought lo live with), I feel bad for myself because I feel useless. I truly want to give my little contribution, but I feel blocked and I don't know what to do.

I just want to be useful in this situation, but there are a lot of things holding me back: what if he doesn't want people outside his close family members to know that he attempted suicide because he feels embarrassed about it? What if I try to be supportive, but end up saying something wrong? Should I text him and ask him how he feels or it's better to give this poor man some personal space and privacy? What can I (or better, what can WE: me and my boyfriend) do to cheer him up a bit? Should I actually try to do something? Is it better to leave this to doctors prepared for this situation and just try to act like nothing happened because I'm not supposed to do anything/I might be inappropriate like those self-help bullshit gurus? If I act as nothing happened will he think nobody cares? If I try to help/give him more attention, will he think we are intrusive/hypocrites?

Man, this thing is so complicated... I don't know what to do, I'm so scared of doing something wrong and to damage someone both by doing and not doing anything...

People who actually went through this, what do you recommend me to do?

If I'm being somehow disrespectful, I'm sorry. Didn't mean to hurt anybody with this post. I'm just trying to help...

\[Just a few info about the relationship I have with my boyfriend's dad. I know him just superficially, despite the fact that I and my boyfriend have been together for almost 5 years. Part of the reason is that he is extremely introverted and doesn't apparently love to be exposed or speak about himself. Unfortunately, his marriage with my bf's mom didn't go well, therefore he moved away and has been living alone for a year, more or less, so I really saw him a bunch of times. However, we had also some rare nice ""family"" moments all together: me, he and my bf went together to a concert once, and since he left home to live alone we invited him to eat homemade meals and sweets in my bf's home and in mine too.\]"
"Let's assume that purple people make up 10% of the population. 

If they committed 99% of all crime then surely some type of targeting would make sense. If they make up 10%, then they are in proportion to their makeup of the population. 

What is your number?"
"Historically and in literature, young men often had a archeatypal call to adventure where they went sailing, exploring, crusades, conquest, etc. 

Do we see any equivilants in todays world other than military? Life paths where people are taken away from a safe, risk free and pre-understood path to one of adventure and unknown?"
For example: Reddit vs old Reddit.
"#What is cognitive distorion?
According to Wikipedia, ""[cognitive distortion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_distortion) are thoughts that cause individuals to perceive reality inaccurately"". It is a negative outlook on reality, sometimes called negative schemas (or schemata), and can reinforce negative emotions and thoughts. 

[Image of examples of cognitive distortion](https://i.stack.imgur.com/QXDoO.jpg) 

#My question
[Methods on how to identify cognitive distortions](https://blog.cognifit.com/cognitive-distortions/#Learn_to_identify_Cognitive_Distortions) are:

- Reflect on your thoughts
- Question yourself
- Try to know other people point of view
- Look for reliable sources of information
- Develop your critical thinking
- Ask your loved ones

However, it doesn't answer this question: if you have already done all of this, yet still getting accused for having them, then what would you do? Many people may say that ""it's time to move on"", but let's say this is important enough for you to keep being there."
"I'm actually kind of serious about this. I know I may have some bias here but generally speaking whenever I flick on a television most of the shows I see are made in America, based on something in America or are so americanized that they feel kind of cookie cutter. Am I doing something wrong?"
I vaguely remember reading how women's faces have veered toward having much more 'feminine' features but my memory is failing me when it comes to that tidbit. Any other examples you can think of?
"When women discuss the fear or threat of sexual harrassment and assault and how pervasive that is in their every day lives, does this make you uncomfortable? Why or why not?"
"Living on a screen and typing out our answers, Sans eye contact, body language, tone of voice and personal connectivity we are all drifting into separate Islands. How do we reconnect? I believe it goes back to square one. Eye contact, a shared smile, a sincere how are you and a time to hear the response. Looking forward to hearing other people solutions to approaching and addressing this epidemic of loneliness slowly creeping into all the people that are to the left of right and right of us."
[removed]
I know the point of formal debates is not to win but what did learn from the debates that you engaged in? Did it change your perspective on things? Or did you learn any lesson from debates?
"It is often said that masses leaning towards a particular direction does not necessarily make them correct. Today, we see the society divided and leaning in all different directions when it comes to politics, but how does one find out where to lean and more importantly, how to prevent leaning in a wrong direction? 
How to make unbiased and right socio-political decisions? 
And do we necessarily need to have socio-political affiliations at all?"
"I've been reading about attempts to eliminate the Electoral College. First in 1970 there was bipartisan support to eliminate it.  It died in the 91st Congress because both Democrats and Republicans in small Southern states felt it would take away power from their states.

Next, it was proposed in 2009 (""Every Vote Counts Amendment"")  but died in committee in the 111th Congress.

Now for the third time, it was proposed by Barbara Boxer (D-California)  in 1996 but I cannot see that it's gone anywhere.

Does anyone know what's happening with this bill?  All I can see is that it was proposed 4 years ago but has gone nowhere."
[removed]
"Ever since I started working here, I have felt as though my boss treats this resort as a rehabilitation for aggressive dogs. The first two days working here I witnessed 3 full blown dog fights, and recieved a dog bite from one, due to lack of training in breaking them up. The moments following after the first dog fights I ever saw, were lead with my employer speaking on how they have been working woth those dogs and they are doing so much better, but every so often they do attack, and we have to be ready. There have been many more dog attacks since then, and although most have not lead to injuries, I still believe the amount we have is unacceptable. Finally, I see many times on advertisements and fliers that the staff is highly trained and cirtified. I do not feel I was trained much on breaking up dog fights, nor do I believe I am certified in anything pertaining to this job.
Now for the most current situation, on February 26th at roughly 430 pm, in large daycare a dog named Baxter, who my coworkers know to natoriously start fights and snap at other dogs, went after a dog named Patton. It began out of my line of sight, I could not react until it was in front of me and I saw Baxter lunging at and biting at Patton, to which, as per what my employer showed me, I grabbed Baxter's hind legs, and yanked him backwards. The paperwork my boss provided to us explains this is a technique to 'snap'a dog out of it. It says the dog with turn around and see a person, and no longer be engaged. Following that, I let go once Baxter spun his head around. Once I let go, Baxter immedietely lunged at Patton again, and clung to Patton's leg. I'm not sure what happened Immdietely following this, this is when the adrenaline hit, but I do clearly rememebr trying to break them up in any way I could, then running to the back door to let my cooworker in so she could help. Around that time, Patton ran over to my coworker, and my boss had come in to collect two dogs to go home. I go to my boss and inform him that Baxter went after Patton, while my coworker checks on Patton's wounds. My boss ignores it and takes the two dogs out to their owners. I wait for quite a while, having put Patton outside, and Baxter behind the barriers. To which I hear on the radeo there is a tour coming. Still panicked with lots of adrenaline I try to pretend everything is fine and smile as they brings the tour through. Once that was finished, I wait a bit longer for my boss to arrive. He comes in, and I have to retell him that Baxter attacked Patton, and I try to explain what I remember at the time, as adrenaline rushes can cause black outs, memory loss, and anxiety. I tell him three times that I have no clue how it began, if it was provoked or not, to which each time he replies by insisting that dogs dont just attack unprovoked, and re-asking what started it. All of the questions he was asking, I have never been trained to identify a dog that might attack another, I was never trained to break up fights, I was only told one technique I could use, and given a paper on that one technique. He continues asking question after question, to which I cannot answer, I was still speachless, In shock, very anxious from the adrenaline. I was clearly not ok when he was questioning me, which, in turn, made me feel bombarded, and accused, all before he had watched the security video. All the while he was looking over Patton's injuries, he allowed Baxter to be walking around and following Patton, who was clearly cowering at the sight of Baxter. Finally my boss took Patton out, leaving Baxter to be with all the other dogs, and leaving me alone to watch the dogs, clearly disoriented. Finally he came back after watching the footage, and explains to me that I did not pay attention to the signs Baxter was giving off, by stalking Patton and flexing his muscles at Patton. Again, I was never trained to identify a dog about to attack, amd goes on to explain and ask questions again, still making me to feel attacked and as if I was being blamed. I would like to note that this is not the first fight Baxter has started, He constantly snaps at dogs out of anger of dogs getting too close to him, and I hear from coworkers frequently that Baxter has gone after dogs before. My boss asked my coworker and I if we believe Baxter should not be allowed in daycare. I was unable to answer, though my coworker insisted that Baxter does not belong in daycare at all, he is too much of a danger to other dogs, which I agree with given his known aggressive history. My boss' reaction was saying that we cannot turn down every dog we have a problem with, and that we cannot just turn away a paying customer. He insisted that Baxter was a grey area, and that he believes Baxter should stay in daycare.
After that I was sent to relieve my coworker from small daycare, the first time since the event I was able to take a breather, and I broke down sobbing in front of my coworker. I let her go on a bathroom break, and then stepped out to inform my boss I could not finish my shift, which had just and hour and a half left at that point. He had me go to his office with him, where he asked me how he could train us better, i explained to him I could not answer his questions at that moment, I was still lagging from adrenaline. I was very shaky, quiet and nervous. He asked what he needed to do to make the situation better for me. I told him I just need the last hour and a half of my shift off. He asked if I could stay and just do the cleaning parts. I insisted that I needed to leave, because if I could not talk to him correctly, or process my thoughts, how could I clean correctly. Before allowing me to go home, he asked if what I was feeling at that moment ""an ongoing thing"" is how he worded it. I was appauled by the question, it was as if he was beating around the bush asking if I have mental health problems that was causing me to act that way. I felt very discriminated against for having a dissability. I believe my boss does not understand adrenaline rushes, or what the symptoms could be. Fight, flight or freeze is common responses in situations like that. Durring the dog fight I immedietely entered fight, to break up the dogs. Then followed flight, to allow my coworker to help me. Right after the sitaution ended, I entered freeze, making me unable to preccess and answer questions. Or hardly function."
**How to prevent yourself from getting affected by the coronavirus? Is there any article to learn more about coronavirus precaution in detail?**
"I suffer from Bipolar Schizoaffective Disorder and some comorbid conditions (mostly anxiety). Since the onset of my illness 9 years ago, I've gone through about 20 drugs until my current cocktail which manages my condition to a point where I'm functioning.

I've read countless papers on medication out of curiousity and several tests that measure severity of symptoms and functioning as way to determine the effectiveness of a drug. However, I never see any 'happiness' or 'well-being' measures. Even some of my psychiatrists only care about my functioning rather than my symptoms or my well-being.

I can go to work and volunteer, I can function in society and have relationships, I have hobbies, everything that 'normal' people have. However, I feel dead on the inside, my emotions are so numb and good luck getting me to feel pleasure. I complained to one my psychiatrists about this and I got this ""never mind your symptoms, how's your functioning"". Mind you I sent him to investigation at the college for malpractice.

I don't feel happy or fulfilled at all. Neither do those at the support group who are 'stable and functioning'. Whether it's our condition or the drugs we are taking, nothing focuses on our mood and happiness.

For the curious, I'm taking Lithium, Lamictal, Latuda, Clonazepam (prn), Modafinil (prn)"
"Navy SEALs training is probably the most extreme example.  But much less harsh examples can also be various martial arts.  Anything that requires a marked degree of mental resilience.

One of the most common things I hear people say in many such disciplines is that the big jacked guys who look tough are actually almost never the ones that last.  Of course, there are always exceptions, but why could this be a trend?"
"Back in HS, people sharing others' nudes was commonplace, and was pretty wrong.

Now that I think about it, reddit has so many subs where girls' nudes are posted and we cannot even verify whether they were all taken consentually/knowingly, or even if the person is 18.

Is it wrong to look at these types of subs if we do not have 100% guarantee that the above conditions are being met? 

If not, would it change the discussion if no faces were involved in the photos?"
"I think some of us are traumatized by life. Imagine living in a town where everyone is mean or dishonest or violent or dangerous and even the employees of businesses who are paid to give you good service don’t and they act like it’s funny or empowering to treat you like crap.

After going through this a majillion times you might find yourself pacing and crying and breaking down mentally at the idea that your life isn’t ever going to be a step above where it fell off when you became an adult. 

The next thirty years you’ll be dealing with violent and unrelatable crackheads while losing your mind and eventually you’ll be too mentally ill to get a job and one day you’ll just die in the cold after some evil government employee kicks you out of a homeless shelter or something using some weird loophole.

Who do you call? Oprah doesn’t answer my tweets. Thank God your mother is still alive and has money or whatever. What shape would you be in at this point without her? You’d be in prison for resorting to selling drugs waiting the next several years of your life out while “real people” play out on television in the form of basketball players and newscasters and so on and so forth. Jesus Christ.

I wish there was some way to get up there. What about that Steven Pruitt guy or whatever that constantly edits Wikipedia and writes accurate articles all the time? Can I do that or something on the library computer, can’t there just be something that will send me to the easiest and funniest version of reality as long as I stick to it? CHRIST it’s painful and scary being stuck down here.

Sigh."
Are we ever going to stop profiting off misery of our own kind?
"I know that a lot of people like writers, don't support it, but what about people who who not only can't afford to buy ebooks-books, but not have public libraries too, and don't have books like Harry Potter ,Hunger Games, Divergent, star wars books,  John Green books, me before you, and many romance books, people who live in middle-east-African countries, met some of them, and they never read books by Isabel Allend, John Green, Lucinda Riley, Cassandra Clare,Neil Gaiman, Tolkien, Terry Goodkind, never read Narnia, Vampire Diaries, Vampire Academy, Percy Jackson,Earthsea.

So a couple of years ago , i met some girls, while i was vacationing in a foreign country, and we talked about books, they have only read books like Jane Austen, and Dickens, Little Women, and similiar classic books, and really wanted to expand their reading,

Do you think that if the writers want to have more readers,shouldn't fight ebook piracy,so readers from foreign countries could read these ebooks?"
"This is how I would define months here in Windsor, in southwestern Ontario, Canada:

January: coldest winter  
February: less cold winter, with some rain and maybe more snow  
March: transition from winter to early spring  
April: slowly progressing early spring  
May: quick transition from early spring to summer. I could almost call that single month spring.  
June: early summer  
July: the hottest part of summer  
August: less hot and more rainy summer  
September: transition from summer to very early fall, or like summer becomes intermittent  
October: early to mid fall, or even a transition from summer to mid fall. (Like with spring in May, most of fall happens in October.)  
November: late fall transitioning into winter    
December: definitely winter, but generally not harsh. The holidays seem more significant than the weather.  

How would you define months in your location?"
"I'm now 20 and feel like year after year I'm changing, which is fine, a sign of maturity I'd like to believe. However, how do I know when I've found my true identity, when my views, hobbies, presentation and perspective remains changing. What does it truly mean to 'find yourself'?"
"Lately I've been feeling a little lost and gaslighted because for a long time I have debated free will. However, when people find out we don't have it, they typically respond with ""well if free will doesn't exist then all talk about morality is pointless.""

I'm always confused by this because I don't understand. They say that a person arguing a set of ethical claims seems to always benefit from it. Are we all just sociopaths that endorse whatever moral code is most beneficial to us in the whole? Do we always break our moral codes when all punishments are gone. I feel like I have been wasting so much time on ethics, when it sounds like its all just a selfish sham. And others are also selfish and use the government to make their own claims about what is or isn't ethical, only what is or isn't ethical is always just whatever does or doesn't benefit me?

It just seems to bleak. It's like why do anything for others, especially others who are poor and handicapped and stuff. It's like....those people offer no return value typically. If morality doesn't exist why wouldn't society just turn their back from these people.

I don't really get how to respond to the statement that all ethics debates are just selfishness disguised. It makes me feel like...why ever give back? Why would I not just stack money on money on money and forget about everyone? Why do I feel a sense of responsibility towards others financially?

They can't kill me right? Well unless they don't care about the law.

Idk where to take this debate. It seems to just endorse sociopathy at its core."
Like I heard smoke shaming helps but fat shaming isn't helpful? Why fat shaming is bad? When it's helps people lose weight besides the studies against it?
"Elton John for example. I love his music, but Bernie Taupin wrote all the lyrics. This doesn’t change the fact that I like his music, but it does vaguely make me think differently of him. Countless other pop stars, Beyoncé, Britney Spears, etc are the same. 

Do you think this matters in pop music?"
"Not everyone has empathy(@sociopaths), but as I understand it, Empathy is defined as the ability to feel what someone else feels. This is BS, as you fundamentally are only able to use your perceptions of people to evaluate their emotions. Since people's outward behavior doesn't sufficiently describe their emotions, empathy in this sense is simply a ""closest approximation"" founded on your perceptions of them. Empathy can also arise through our projection of our own emotional state. In other words, if I see a horse whipped, I may imagine myself whipped in my head and experience the emotions of it by projecting the pain of a whip or imaging what the pain of a whip feels like.

By doing so, I reduce the enjoyableness of my own emotional state. Thus, being around and knowing of events in the world which have these  properties produce in me an undesirable emotional state. In order to rid myself of these I must also rid the world of these events with these properties which I believe implies pain.

Thus we arrive that Empathy causes pain for onesself, whether or not it accurately describes the real subject of the pain's emotional state. Shoot for all we know they might have liked it, but the empathetic individual now experiences this pain and will try to rid the world of it.

Is this sufficient to establish fairness as a moral principle for the non sociopath?"
"No judging at all here, I am actually part of this group and just wanted to know why are some of the reasons you guys haven't, asking to feel less lonely I guess

P.s: I'm new to reddit!"
"I've had male friends for a long time, and as women's body positivity has increased the last couple of years, I can't help to ask myself if my friends don't talk about it because it's hard or because it doesn't matter. So, how do men feel about it if I might know?"
"I’ve heard a lot of people say that if a guy likes trans women that he’s gay/bi, or just general confusion, and the same for cis woman with a trans man. I want to here what the people of Reddit think about this!"
"Reason I ask is I think I may have levels of it. I'm straight male that find women attractive. One intercourse comes into play I get, well, disgusted.

It just feels like surgery to me. And my penis is performing it into her body. 

But.... I find women very attractive and am aroused by them. Porn works great. But one on one not great at all. 

I prefer to just watch porn than be with a woman. And I hate this. Not sure cause I'm older now and don't care or what. But it's scary.

Anyone else like this or can give some advice?"
I'm thinking of buying some CBD oil with 0.3% THC to see if it helps with my anxiety. I'd say my anxiety is mild-moderate but bad enough to need treatment. Should I get some? I just want to be able to hang out with friends and actually have fun.
"This is a foggy statistic in my head, by Facebook has almost a billion users. Yet, I haven't felt like I met anyone new over there. Only the people I know are the ones I correspond with; my relatives and my friends.

We have so many platforms like LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter and so on with a huge amount of users. However, it doesn't expose us to new friends. I actually feel more anti-social and lonely when I'm on these websites.

It seems that in day and age of social media, it's getting harder and harder to build lasting relationships, even if you go outside and volunteer, go to meetups, visit bars, etc.

I also feel that sharing details about these places so you can maintain a relationship with someone you met makes you more prone to being disposed. Whether I met people online or offline, I keep getting ghosted.

Why are feeling so lonely despite the huge exposure to people in our world?"
"Say that for some reason some miracle situation arose where you could steal something. Money, jewellery, car, gold, bitcoin, who knows. And it was not belonging to a small shop or private person but to the government or a huge company. Take for example, if you drove by the bank at night and noticed they somehow forgot pounds of gold and silver outside. You could call 911 or you coukd cover your face and walk it to your car without cameras getting your plate.

Would you do it? Why or why not?

I am asking because I suspect that the two main things keeping people from theiving are risk and compassion. If they dont care about the victim and they dont perceive much risk, I bet most people would do it."
"Yesterday at work my buddy out of nowhere started crying, so I asked him if he was alright and this happened. Even if someone turns it in to management it’s grounds for termination under a zero tolerance company policy that was signed at job orientation Damn ............"
"I’m reading the art of war and he talks about flanking enemies, this book was written in 500 b.c. So I imagine it has to be earlier than that. I can’t find anything before 490 b.c. And can’t get a specific name. Does anyone know who invented this maneuver or at least the first time it was used?"
"Recently in my country, there was this case of two drunk 16 year olds riding a motorcycle without any helmet. They were speeding and swerved onto the opposite lane. They hit a car head on and both died immediately. The car has a dashcam showing that the driver was driving under the speed limit in the correct lane. It was impossible to react to the motorcycle.

It is clear as day who is at fault here. And yet, the family of the dead teenagers are *suing* the car driver for damages.

I understand that grief can cloud people's judgement. But still, in situations like this, what makes them behave in such an inexplicably irrational manner?"
"What do you call that feeling of wonder and ancient knowledge you get from poems like [""Ozymandias""](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/46565/ozymandias) and [""and death shall have no dominion""](https://poets.org/poem/and-death-shall-have-no-dominion)?

PS. If you know, or think you know the feeling I'm talking about, please link poems or other peaces of media that give you the same feeling"
"Let me give you some background, and a scenario just to set the question up more fully.


I'm 37/f with two kids, been married for 11 years, and when my husband and  I decided we were finished having kids we went through our options. I had been on some form of birth control for nearly 20 years, and we both decided it would be more peace of mind if he had a vasectomy. He did, and it's been smooth sailing ever since. Birth control had a lot of weird effects on my body, and it's nice not to have to worry about it.


Scenario: My husband and I have another married couple as friends, we have been very close to them throughout the years, they have a good marriage and two small children. They are finished having kids. They are both very vocal about it. After their second birth they found out they are a carrier of a genetic disease and have a huge likelihood (like more than 50%) of giving this to any more kids they have. One of their children is already is having complications from it. He still refuses to get a vasectomy. Why would someone be like that? Take those risks? Force your spouse to have the sole burden of birth control?"
"It's gotten so bad I find myself confined to my house because doing simple hands on tasks is becoming a hard effort and I keep spacing out ie I'll be in a queue and I just stop when everyone else in front of me is gone. I also keep getting irregular heartbeat and constant pressure/pain at the back of my head and upper back. I'm getting really frustrated at myself because I forget everything including what someone said mid sentence due to these weird lapses in memory/cognition. It's been rapidly getting worse since 2018 or so.

I'm also having 24/7 auditory hallucinations that doctors thought was tinnitus at first but they found out it's not coming from my ear but from my brain so there's two or three constant tones in my head all the time except for when I first wake up in the morning.

Spoke to my parents about this and they're just saying ''it's age'' and I shouldn't be complaining because my mom has a much worse thing called ALS and I need to ''shut up''.

When I explain to my parents about why I'm forgetting everything (even when I try hard to remember) they argue with me as if I'm being ignorant on purpose and when I explain I'm having trouble with my memory and cognition in general they say I'm ''talking back'' and then my mom brings up her ALS and how I can't feel bad because she has ALS.

I'm having to get other people to do everything for me because I keep messing up on simple tasks because it's like my brain is 90.

I posted this somewhere else and someone asked if I have a brain problem, I had MRI of my brain when I was younger and they said I had brain descent but never brought that up again so I'm assuming it isn't serious and I started getting these 'ageing' symptoms when I was around 17ish."
"Hey all!

I recently had an experience at work (IT Services) that made me realise what I really enjoy, but I have no idea what job will let me do it full time.

The TL:DR is I like investigating things and people. Phoning up asking questions collecting information and collating it to decide on an action. The people part is key I think, and I don't want to do crime scene or police work.

What job do I want?

Long version with a story:

I work in IT support for a mid size organisation with around 10k to 20k workstations. This means I install PCs, fix them, troubleshoot AV gear etc. Basically if a physical body is required then I'm the physical body.

So a chap walks into my office and says ""My colleague here has had a PC installed and no power cable"". This is not usual (obviously) but could easily be something someone missed on a late shift. Install everything while no one is around, forget power lead and also forget to go back or maybe the office got locked behind you. I get there and there is more than a power cable missing. No mouse, no display cables, and there is an additional PC under the desk. Weird. Also neither PC has an operating system. This sets off red flags so I tell the user not to use the PC for a couple of hours, set it imaging with our Win 10 build and start to ask questions. 

Over the course of the day I found out EVERYTHING about these PCs. Who bought them, under what budget code, for what project and some background about the people involved. I built this entire picture based on phone calls, looking through our systems for references to peoples names then visiting offices and asking questions or phoning other teams for info.

This kind of felt like I was a detective or something but I really enjoyed it and I wan't to kind of be ""the guy who finds things"" or something. I think I have a decent ability to get info from people indirectly and make connections to other info from what they say. I also have a good memory and things kind of spring back to me if someone says something that ties to what I've heard before.

I have a programming background and I think the same part of my brain is used but I enjoy it way more when it's dealing with people. Broken bullshit code I wrote at 3am is no fun. Speaking to people and making them over-reveal is.

I'm open to almost anything it doesn't have to be IT based, but I really don't want to do crime scene or criminal investigation. Unless it's corporate crime or doesn't involve poking about with dead bodies. I reckon that would get depressing.

[Maybe I will discover a major company conspiracy who knows.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nTpsv9PNqo)

But my question is what job do I want to do? Please help."
[removed]
"I was watching the coverage on CNN last night and wondered how the information flowed from polling places to CNN. Then I thought, couldn’t it all be made up? Who audits the results? There’s already so much voter suppression and general fuckery that’s over the table, couldn’t state governments simply fudge the numbers?"
"The post says it all I guess. It seems so common to hear people say that yuri fetishizes gay women and yaoi fetishizes gay men, that fetishes regarding sexual preference and race are dehumanizing and degrading, and that ""there’s a reason that it’s only yuri and yaoi that are considered to be fetishization and nothing else because yuri tends to be for male audiences, and yaoi tends to be for female audiences, that's why yuri and yaoi are fetishizations of gay people.""

If yuri porn fetishizes gay women and yaoi porn fetishizes gay men, and fetishization dehumanizes gay women and gay men and it is wrong because gay people are being treated as objects and being defined by the features of themselves, then that makes yuri porn and yaoi porn problematic.

If yuri porn and yaoi porn are problematic, then we should ban all yuri and yaoi porn and we should stop creating yuri and yaoi porn. One can not criticize yuri porn and yaoi porn for fetishizing gay women and gay men, but keep watching more and enjoying yuri porn and yaoi porn. That would be as hypocritical as a human that criticizes racism but keeps enjoying being racist, or a human that criticizes eating meat, but then keeps eating meat and even enjoys it.

If yuri porn fetishizes gay women and yaoi porn fetishizes gay men, and fetishization dehumanizes gay women and gay men and it is wrong because gay people are being treated as objects and being defined by the features of themselves, then the only natural conclusion is to ban all yuri and yaoi porn and to stop creating yuri and yaoi porn for the reason that fetishization is wrong.

I want my view to be changed by anyone here who's willing to change my view."
"With the Super Tuesday results coming in, it seems like a substantive political response to pressing issues like healthcare reform, minimum wage, climate change, etc. has become significantly less likely.

I'm already friendly to the Effective Altruism community, and giving a percentage of my income to high-impact charities. However, I feel like I could do more. What are some things that I can do that have proven results that don't require me to play ""Mother May I"" with the US Federal government, or result in a ton of red tape?

Are there promising state-level or city-level initiatives that I could donate money to, if national healthcare reform doesn't happen? Are there climate advocacy groups with good empirical support in other countries that I can donate money to?"
"Since the corona virus appeard the whole world acts like it’s just one step away from death. Economy is decreasing, countries and people are getting more and more egocentric and overall there is a big blanket of undefined fear. Every year millions of people are dying due to the flu malaria or just the dumb acting of gouvernments, industry and Pharma. So why is the media pushing something that hasn’t killed nearly as much people as are dying of other causes. Moreover corona isn’t that deadly as it is pretended in media it’s just another influenza virus"
[removed]
"Hello,

A year ago at the age of 24 I had a stroke which caused me to become legally blind with optic nerve damage, have seizures, and a neurological disorder that affects a lot of different parts of my body. I had to relearn how to walk properly, do speech pathology, see mobility specialists, learn braille, learn how to use a white cane, occupation therapy, physiotherapy, and learn how to do everything all over with my limited vision. In that year my mom said I was making up my condition and that none of it was real. 

My husband was very supportive and so were my specialists they knew something was wrong but  I got misdiagnosed a bunch of times until finally coming to the right answer. My parents kept doubting me even when I had physical proof of the scans of my brain and eyes. I am trying my best everyday some days I just can not handle as much. 

Last summer she invited me to a family party saying if I wanted to come I was not to bring my white cane because I do not need it. 

They live 7 hours away and I can not be in the car for long distances with my seizures. She told me to wear an eye mask and to stop being selfish. They are both retired and my husband is in the military.

My mom recently has started contacting me out of malice saying I  am lucky to have answers when she is constantly dizzy and has no answers. 

I was not invited to Christmas but my grandparents and siblings were. 

Whenever I called  crying begging for emotional support from them they would say I am over reacting on days I was having trouble coping.

They talk badly about my husband even though he does everything he can for me. He takes days off work to take me to the doctors. I stand up against them and they make fun of me for it.

Today my mom called saying I never applied for the disability tax credit. When I did I just got denied. I had my eye doctor and specialists fill it out. I talked to other blind people I know and they did not get approved for it either. Navigating the health care system and government assistance as legally blind has been tricky and very tiring sometimes it works out and others not. My mom said I never tried and that I was lying.

I needed devices to help cope with my disabilities better but we are living off a single income so I found government assistance to get devices. Once I got the devices my parents complained saying that they needed them more and that they should buy some and they even had to gall to ask to have them. I am not talking about a cellphone or a luxury item these are sunglasses made for people with my condition and a sound device to help me find items that I typically lose because I CAN NOT SEE THEM. They made me feel terrible today calling me a bad person and lazy. I do not have the health to deal  with this I have low energy already.

This relationship is very toxic and I can not handle them anymore its making me more sick. What do I do to cut contact? I have never done anything like this before."
"In a dramatised TV show from National Geographic, Genius, young Einstein says something in the lines of ‘literature and poetry and all are just means to pass the time and it's just the science that's real’, kind of implying that sciences are the only real and objective truth, and the only thing that drive humanity. 
How true do you feel this is? 
What do you feel is the real value of arts? 
Do you have any other counter arguments? How do you perceive arts or other fields of studies or profession that aren’t scientific?"
"Why is tomato red and why is potato light brown ? And why are they given such names ? 
I know it's awkward but it can't get out of my head for a while and ask you so ."
"I am studying cognitive behavioral therapy and just started to work at a burnout clinic. I also realized before that in my environment, nearly everyone has some mental health problems (starting from sleep deprivation to depression, eating disorders, or anxiety) and that most do not really like their jobs, or their work environment.

Nearly every company now has some benefit programs and claims to care about their employee's mental health and happiness. They invest in employee engagement strategies, provide free meals, or claim to offer many different possibilities for training, flexible working hours, or whatever.

Is this just a marketing strategy from companies, or why do more and more people still get sick because of work-related issues? Or is it only because more people do speak about it, and it is more accepted in society now."
"We all know of those sites/blogs who's sole purpose is comedic relief but in this day and age I'm even finding it hard to tell the difference between satire and reality quite often.  Some sites are innocent in their intentions while others seek to sew division under the guise of innocence.  Either way, illinformed individuals who don't realize an article is satire can walk away believing it was fact and vice versa.  Far too often I witness satirical articles being shared on Facebook and people in the comment section being outraged or upset as if they are reality; even if they're clearly false to most people.

Free speech is tricky because as a society we must consider limiting it as an absolute last resort; if even at all.  I'm hoping this leads to some interesting discussion on here as I'm curious what everyone thinks."
"I know, everyone says that a crime is a crime and your gender doesn't matter. But is it though, I feel like whenever a woman commits one of the above crimes it's really nothing nobody talks about it and nobody really even cares and if the same crime is from a guy every news channel and paper will have is name plastered on them.

I agree that we should protect our women and children but does it mean that criminals should be given less punishment because of their gender? it's 2020 and every liberal speaks so much about equality and yet when it comes to these people seem to not care enough to talk about it.

What 0art of being a women gets then a lighter lashing for wrong doing. I just seem to justify it being okay especially in this day and age.

Crime is crime and you shouldn't be discriminated against based on you gender for fitting punishment."
[removed]
"The CDC shows that last year alone there were over 10,000 deaths due to the flu in the US. Is it all just media hype or is there a legitimate reason for the state of emergencies?"
What is the science behind a “punchable face”? Sometimes I see someone and I instantly know I will hate them. I don’t even have to talk to them at all. I just see their face and I imagine me completely fucking them up.
"This is almost 24/7, every day, without stopping, for 10 years. It's also accompanied by headaches that get worse with sitting up, and cognitive decline. Nodding or shaking my head makes the 'tinnitus' chime, and makes the headache spike as well. The longer I'm upright, the more likely the headache, which starts at the back of my head and behind my eyes. I have tried 5 different migraine pills and they do not do a thing for any of my symptoms.

Now for the most FRUSTRATING part

I wake up in the morning to ***complete and utter silence***. (I live in a rural area, in a house with very thick walls - my bedroom is just as quiet in the day as it is during the night). 10-30 minutes after I assume the upright position, the ringing starts to gradually come back. Come night time, I literally cannot stand to be in a quiet room because the auditory hallucination that is mimicking tinnitus is THAT loud!

I've also done experiments where I'll wake up every 2 hours, but I'll be lying in bed for 15 hours. At hour 6 the ringing is still there, but mild, at about 30-40% of what it was before bed, and after 15 hours it's gone completely.

I'm having rapid heart beat and palpitations the longer I'm upright as well.

Seen ENT's and they found nothing wrong with my ears and concluded this is an auditory hallucination originating in my brainstem from ''migraines'' but migraine pills don't do jack."
"Their is a concept in democracy specially Western one that meritsucracy and democracy go hand to hand that is the fair system. But I am reading about the subject and seeing some television discussion about it . Is current Meritaucracy actually good for democracy ?

The problem the critic see in Meritaucracy that is a structural problem that can be put in a society to keep the same people on top. Being rich means you have more ressources and support and  connections to put in your kids in best Schools and best training which always give more advantage to excel. Also more ressource mean more stable families with 2 partners and less problems on economic , social and emotional level that can effect children.

Another point critic put that ivy or elite schools usually choose rich kids while being considered charity and take support from government by far superior to ordinary school. So you have a basic inequality where the ressource and education on ground level for rich schools is by far superior to ordinary schools. The elite schools take a lot less children while being subsides more by the state they can educate better because teacher can concentrate on individual students.

The critic say we have a system that actually reduce social mobility that favours the state who and that people that able to upgrade their social status is more the exception then the rural . Also he put example where the society is being pushed upward and downward most are becoming poorer while a few are getting richer.  He put the example of taxi driver that used to be a medium skilled job because you had to know the city but with the introduction of uber and gps map with cells it was reduced to a lower level job. So a taxman can't became a app developer for uber or a manager in uber highly reducing social mobility to a few. 

The elite student create a condition that you have to excel to succeed.  Meritsucracy introduce  high stress imperative to succeed that even pressure rich kids and usually people resort to cutthroat tactics and cheating . It create an system of extreme competition and stress that isn't even good for upper class . The system also reduce the importance that you can be good in a activity but you have excel in a few select activities to be able to thrive. He put the example of how you have push of high level students that go into finance  while he see it doesn't offer that much positive value for the real economy and society.

So what is your opinion on the subject ?"
"I know it's a huge cliche that ""the book is better than the movie.""

It's so true it's almost comical. 

Especially now that it's commonplace that movies are based on books. 

Why do they change the plot and story so much unnecessarily? I understand cutting filler, but changing necessary details I just don't understand."
"I know it's a huge cliche that ""the book is better than the movie.""

It's so true it's almost comical. 

Especially now that it's commonplace that movies are based on books. 

Why do they change the plot and story so much unnecessarily? I understand cutting filler, but changing necessary details I just don't understand."
"https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&amp;objectid=11376218

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2879124/New-Zealand-Couple-Close-Death-Didn-t-Know-Locked-Car.html

https://www.thenational.ae/world/gcc/oman-sees-rise-in-child-suffocation-deaths-in-vehicles-1.674763

https://www.khaleejtimes.com/nation/dubai/unattended-children-may-get-suffocated-in-vehicles

https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/two-suffocate-to-death-inside-suv-stuck-in-mumbai-subway/articleshow/70049176.cms

https://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Delhi/two-boys-suffocate-to-death-in-locked-car/article19815107.ece

Why would they be faked? For what reason? I don't see any problem with these articles and there are hundreds of separate news stories from different years and news sources (including reputable news sources) of the same type of event.

My friend posted them in a sub to warn people not to sleep in modern cars with the windows rolled up and the vents off because modern cars lack adequate passive air exchange and a person will use up air faster than its replenished, and everyone was downvoting them saying the news articles are all fake. Why?

My friend clarified that cars are not airtight but that doesn't mean that a person can't use up oxygen in the car faster than new oxygen comes into the car.

CO2 poisoning is another factor as well and can kill much quicker than oxygen deprivation can, as well. If there's poor air exchange because modern cars are more tightly sealed than older cars, toxic levels of CO2 could feasibly build up over time."
"First off, I'm sorry if the title is in all caps. It just showed up like that on my screen. I'm on mobile, so apologies for formatting.

I have been working in restaurants all my life. My current job I have been at for 10 years. I work long hours and have no benefits other than free (unhealthy) food. I need a change, as I am in my 30s, married, and want to have kids. I want to have a more stable 9 to 5 kind of job that would give me a stable 40 hour work week. Ideally one with benefits so I can get insurance and saving for retirement.

What kind of careers should I look into, and where can I look? Websites like snagajob or indeed show nothing but retail and restaurants. Someone mentioned IT to me, but I don't even know what that could mean or where to look."
"What do you think about this link and the video?

[https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/](https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8)"
"What do you think about this link and the video?

[https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/](https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8)"
"What do you think about this link and the video?

[https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/](https://www.realinfluencers.es/en/2019/05/09/8-21st-century-methodologies/)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTTojTija8)"
"Grief is excruciating, I feel that as I get older, more of my friends are experiencing intense grief due to a loss of a relationship or a death. I struggle to help them effectively, not knowing how to provide comfort in a way which allows them to feel some sort of relief. I'm a psych student and have taken courses about ways to cope with grief to overcome it and come to terms with the loss in a healthy manner, but I almost feel like although I know so much about the topic from a psychological standpoint. Grief is something I almost can't grapple with myself; I often sense that it's a heavy weight to burden and it's something that oscillates until immense healing and acceptance occurs. Even after acceptance, grief is something that will occur again; so I almost feel like the grieving process is something every human will always cycle through. This realization saddens me to the point to which I truly understand why religion or spirituality holds purpose."
"I keep reading these posts where people immediately head to relationship advice subreddits whenever something horrible happens in their relationship or something they dislike ongoing for a while. And sometimes the answer is even obvious, like oh he cheated on you and then beat you for confronting him about it, but you still love him so you wanna know what to do? 

Also, sometimes the question obviously only shares a small perspective and most of the answers are extreme. Only the people in the relationship know the whole story. I would find it uncomfortable telling strangers personal (and sometimes graphic) details about my relationship. Or how would my partner feel that I am bashing him online and sharing personal details even though I have no intentions of breaking up with him/her? Even I would feel bad/embarrassed talking trash about my significant other to a bunch of people who are biased towards me as they only see my perspective. Like how do they expect strangers to help them with advice? What kind of people do they think are on there? Therapists and counselors who have made their money and are now bored so they just randomly give advice on there? Or people with dysfunctional relationships subscribed on there advising each other? 

Is it a possibility that most people are just practicing their creative writing on there? Like I am surprised that so many people head to the internet first before communicating with their partners. Also, is a possibility that these relationship subreddits are actually beneficial and have some positive aspect to it?"
"A critical  article:  [The Dangers of America’s Expanding ‘Digital Prison’](https://thecrimereport.org/2020/03/02/the-dangers-of-americas-expanding-digital-prison/).  Excerpts:

&gt;On any day of the year, more than 200,000 Americans are wearing electronic ankle monitors that allow courts, police or corrections authorities to track their movements as a condition of their release from prison.

&gt;...a new study in the Cardozo Law Review argues that in fact they are a form of “digital prison” that not only makes it harder for formerly incarcerated individuals to successfully reintegrate into civil society; they may even increase the odds that they will end up back behind bars.

&gt;The growing use of GPS electronic surveillance, or “e-carceration,” threatens to produce a “subgroup of surveilees who are increasingly divorced from the civic life of their community, divorced from opportunity for social mobilization, and divorced from political and educational life and opportunities,” writes Chaz Arnett, an assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.

- - - -

Discussion:

1)  From 1st paragraph:  ""...track their movements as a condition of their release from prison.""  Not only will EM be expanded for parole uses; the future will have EM being used *in lieu of prison.*   Reducing America's mass incarceration is a pressing concern. Many law and order proponents now agree with reformers that alternatives to incarceration are needed. 

What will those alternatives be?  Do we simply, *as some reformers suggest,* release offenders back into the community after conviction, and urge them to attend a heavy program of education, job training, counseling, and drug rehab (as applicable)?  No penalties at all?  No restrictions on their movements?  What if the offenders ignore their programs and hang out in public spaces all day getting high and continue to steal?

This highly interesting 2014 article from Spain, [Punishing the pickpockets](https://english.elpais.com/elpais/2014/04/10/inenglish/1397141607_871230.html), debates how to react to highly persistent thieves.  The headline sounds tough; in actuality the article is mostly a dissent against punishing these thieves with *restraining orders,* which exclude offenders from certain areas. (The offenders don't receive other sanctions either.) The article does not mention EM, but this is the type of situation where it would be used.

2) The *Digital Danger article* is highly condemning; further questions:  How is EM more intrusive than a prison term? Or worse than having a prison record after serving a term--a basic fact of life for anyone who has done time?  Should prison terms no longer be public record?  (But yes we need new laws to help felons find and hold jobs, have the right to vote, etc.)

How does EM bring about all these problems?:

&gt;may increase the odds that they will end up back behind bars...makes it harder to successfully reintegrate...increasingly divorced from the civic life of their community, divorced from political and educational life...

3) *Finally, this:*

There is no doubt that EM might evolve to be super-intrusive *Big Brother Technology.*  The [Chinese Security/Surveillance State](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2018/02/china-surveillance/552203/) will probably be the first entity to develop EM to high levels, including using drones to track EM-wearing individuals who violate rules.  Obviously technology will soon allow the implanting of EM sensors  in human bodies.

But EM technology also has the potential to revolutionize the field of Corrections, the control and rehabilitation of criminals.   If America hopes to eventually move away from locking up hundreds of thousands of people in giant brick and mortar prisons (except for the highly violent, kingpin drug dealers and white collar criminals), should we accept broader use of EM?"
"Whether it is drawing, acting, sports, etc., I wonder what is a good way to practice those activities and do them well? Practicing is important if you want to try those activities but I wonder if there is a good way or a bad way to practice, study or learn anything?"
Heard a guy last night talking about how toxic people seem nice at first. Probably not always the case but for the times it is how are you supposed to differentiate the two?
"If multiple people have a sweet tooth, do they collectively have ""sweet tooths"" or ""sweet teeth?""

\*For non-native English speakers: Someone who has a ""sweet tooth"" is someone who likes sweet foods and drinks."
"If the brain was that vulnerable, we’d all be dead. Nobody would have an intact brain if a single sip of beer before your 21st birthday fried your brain."
"I cannot see any benefit, and all I can see is that it is artificially hiking up prices."
"I'm in the USA and I haven't gotten a flu shot in 10 years because the last time I got one I was the sickest I've ever been in my life. I believe it gave me pneumonia and was in agony like I've never before had. Maybe the strain the immunity protector it gave me was something my body just wasn't used to. But I've been thinking about taking my immune system more serious lately and thinking about getting a flu shot but I'm afraid of the sickness it gave me. Has there ever been cases of people who have died before from the flu shot? I was 20 and healthy when I seriously, almost died, from the flu shot so I can imagine it may actually not be for everyone. Maybe something else was in that shot a not just flu immunities. Is the flu shot totally safe?"
"Is it normal for my sexuality to change quickly? Okay for 2 years I've been a lesbian, and then over the span of two weeks, I switched to bi being that I started taking an interest in men. That interest has grown ever since and women no longer appeal to me. However, some dude on the bus who sits next to me says that you can't just switch. He thinks that changing your sexuality is a big life changing event and cannot simply change in a span of two weeks. He even claimed that he has gay friends to back up his evidence. I honestly don't know how to respond to this, I'm only 15."
"On February 11 my dad had a stroke at around midnight and an ambulance was called. He was taken to the emergency room where he suffered from a major headache and violent vomiting and he was not given any meds for this headache. Since the nurses did not know what was going on, they called for an MRI and he had to wait 14 hours in an ER room without any major medical assistance. All during this time his stroke was working towards his peak and he was losing his functions, he was no longer able to talk.
He was finally given a room in ICU after determining that he had a stroke and he was given a team of neurologists. The family all got sat down and talked to by the neurosurgeon stating that he needed a brain tube and how it wasn’t certain that this would fix it, he stated how if my dad would’ve been brought to him earlier, there would be no doubt about recovery. The surgery went great and immediately pressure was released from his brain. My dad stayed in the hospital in comatose, until slowly responding to stimuli by moving his feet and slightly opening his eyes. 
On February 21 my dad passed away at the hospital after there weren’t any signs of improvement. 
Is there anything that can be done since the hospital neglected my dad’s situation which ultimately lead to his death?"
"On F is for Family, S3 E3 at around 13:40, Frank goes to Rosie's bar and announces that his wife is pregnant. A few other people said they were as well, and Frank said, ""Must be something in the water""

It seemed far too set up to be a throwaway joke. Is that some callback to the show, or something that happened around the 70s?"
"Background concept: Imagine you clone yourself atom for atom, absolutely perfectly. Your clone is 100% the same. Even though your clone's consciousness is exactly the same as yours, you can't see the world through their eyes. If you died and your clone replaced you and know one knew about that then, even though you're dead, your clone lives your life and no one is any the wiser, not even the clone. 

My question: what if that happens in our sleep every night? Our bodies stay the same, but there's a ""changing of the guards"" in our brain from one consciousness to another consciousness? Our bodies stay exactly the same and at no point does the body die. But our spirit/soul leaves this world forever and is replaced in our bodies by a perfectly identical spirit/soul. 

How would this make you feel about life and sleep?"
"&amp;#x200B;

There's clearly something here that I missed. \[couple\]([https://www.wsj.com/articles/demographic-shift-poised-to-test-trumps-2020-strategy-11578047402](https://www.wsj.com/articles/demographic-shift-poised-to-test-trumps-2020-strategy-11578047402)) \[of\]([https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2019-11-18/skelton-california-changing-demographics-republicans-democrats-elections](https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2019-11-18/skelton-california-changing-demographics-republicans-democrats-elections)) \[examples\]([https://www.axios.com/americas-race-diversity-population-1d8b2664-860d-4c9f-84a6-416af8421601.html](https://www.axios.com/americas-race-diversity-population-1d8b2664-860d-4c9f-84a6-416af8421601.html)) of what I am taking about.

&amp;#x200B;

Why not just say that there's nothing bad about white replacement?"
Background to this thought: I was up during witch hour and was really tired. I spat out random questions to friends in call but this one really made me wonder if racism exists in animals. Would light colored snakes be prefered over dark colored?  What about dogs or cats? Any thoughts or am I just crazy?
How does one read a book more in-depth? Sometimes I feel like I’m reading too superficially like I could describe the story but not really the messages and subtext the author is trying to convey. What questions as a reader should one ask themselves to truly appreciate what they’re reading?
[removed]
[removed]
"Addicts of reddit, how did realize you were becoming addicted to your drug of choice? What were the initial signs that you were losing control over your habit?"
"If you were given an option to change just one thing in the past, what would it be?

You could change anything at all no matter what it is. It could be something about your life, any past experiences, or just change something in history. It can be literally anything."
I’ve heard that people who speak multiple languages sometimes dream in different languages. Decided to take it to Reddit!
"I am not religious, and I could never see myself changing my mindset but I know people do and I’m curious how it happens!"
"I love to draw and create stories, and dreaming about making my own computer game even. However, I noticed, that I do this while being in love with someone, and by showing my creations I am trying to impress him, plus most of my stories are greatly inspired by his personality. But if he is not around somehow, I feel lack of inspiration and a little depressed. I am afraid, that if he will disappear from my life, I won't be able to make great stories and arts for a very long time. I don't want to lose it.

And I don't like being dependent on someone in this, also. It is like not being whole complete person. Ugh.

So. How can I become more independent and learn to love to do things for just doing them, not because of someone else to impress? Any ideas what I can do with this?

(Sorry for my English, if it is bad. :D )"
Sorry English isn't my language
"It seems pretty simple to me : start building factories with oil money, start investing in intechnology and education and let half your population work(females), start building infrastructure and stores instead of relying oil get a workforce who starts paying taxes and income inequality. As a bonus start building your own wepons from reverse engineering the wepons they have instead of overspending. Am I missing something?"
"Since it's not advisable to go to large events or dine out what are some ways we can keep the economy working as much as possible?

For instance, would taking steps like ordering products/services from local businesses (not using amazon) help?"
" Imagine A throws B inside a town where B has 2 choices, to eat certain delicious foods that are **not** necessary for survival and suffer from a disease, or to not eat these certain foods and avoid a disease.

The choices of B are limited but they are choices nonetheless. B can choose to eat the certain foods and get sick instead.

In the first scenario, B chooses not to eat the certain foods and avoids a disease.

In the second scenario, B says ""f#ck you A, you don't get to throw me in this town but then tell me what to eat and what not to eat. These certain foods are delicious and I'm going to eat them because it's fun"", and chooses to eat the certain foods and suffers from a disease right afterwards.

But is B's choice to do or not to do something under coercion ""consent"" to that something? In the second scenario, is B ""consenting"" to suffering from a disease? In the second scenario, is B responsible for suffering from a disease for choosing to eat those certain foods, and should B be blamed for getting a disease they could avoid by not eating those certain foods?

Why is coercion never consent? I would like to know what the differences between choice/agreement and consent are, why coercion is never consent, and if there are any articles or books on why coercion is never consent."
"Imagine A kidnaps B and throws B inside a cave where B has 2 choices, to eat certain delicious foods that are **not** necessary for survival and suffer from a disease, or to not eat these certain foods and avoid a disease.

The choices of B are limited but they are choices nonetheless. B can choose to eat the certain foods and get sick instead.

In the first scenario, B chooses not to eat the certain foods and avoids a disease.

In the second scenario, B says ""f#ck you A, you don't get to throw me in this cave but then tell me what to eat and what not to eat. These certain foods are delicious and I'm going to eat them because it's fun"", and chooses to eat the certain foods and suffers from a disease right afterwards.

But is B's choice to do or not to do something under coercion ""consent"" to that something? In the second scenario, is B ""consenting"" to suffering from a disease? In the second scenario, is B responsible for suffering from a disease for choosing to eat those certain foods, and should B be blamed for getting a disease they could avoid by not eating those certain foods?

Why is coercion never consent? I would like to know what the differences between choice/agreement and consent are, why coercion is never consent, and if there are any articles or books on why coercion is never consent."
Assume the mortality rates among other age groups remain unchanged.
"Not talking about the coronavirus itself, that could last forever. But when do you think all these cancellations will end? Both smaller things like the SAT, and larger things like conferences, and finally, when will it be safe to travel overseas again?"
Redditors who work in telemarketing is it possible to get off the list?
"Who or what would most likely benefit from us driving less, not going to work, sraying home with kids, being socially isolated, closing down everything that makss profit, etc.?"
"Especially regarding this coronavirus situation unfold, it seems like NPR is the only news outlet that is handling it well. I don’t watch the big ones (NBC, CBS, FOX, etc.) but I’ve heard that they are having “experts” like Dr. Sanjay Gupta on instead of people that actually work in the epidemiology/immunology fields. This is especially contrasted by some podcasts (Sam Harris and Joe Rogan for example) who have true experts on the topic, and let them speak. 

So, is NPR the best actual news outlet? Or is this just a function of different media types (TV vs. radio)? Is there something about the longer form podcasts that allows some of them to be a little more journalistically professional, even though they aren’t journalists? 

P.S. I’m excluding print outlets like The New York Times or Washington Post from this."
Just maybe some tips? This is harder than I thought it would be and I’m worried about my mental heath for the future
"Sometimes I feel like an outcast and not like myself when I'm with my family. They get in arguements a lot, they yell, theres manipulation, everyone is constantly putting each other down, basically anything you can think of besides physical violence. It's not this bad all the time, but at least everyday something happens. They tend to target me a lot for various things about me, my interests, how I act, etc. I feel like because of this, I've developed really low self esteem, and I tend to let other people's comments and how they feel about me get to my head. Sometimes I have trouble trying to distinguish what is actually a problem with me, but I try to work on the things that I know I need to fix. I feel like I've improved a lot since I was younger, I've put in effort to stop being annoying and self centered. I know theres still a lot for me to improve on, like being forgetful, and trying to better my mental health. But it feels hard to do in the environment I'm in. I'm not in a situation where I can get out right away. Even though my family members have impacted me negatively in some ways, they're also the only people I have around, and I still love them. It's really conflicting. I was wondering if theres a way I can deal with their negativity while also building my own self worth and confidence. I think I just need tips on everything to try and get through this before I have a chance to move out. I'm tired of feeling worthless all the time and not getting anywhere with improving my self image."
"I was looking around and applying for numerous jobs and I suddenly got 2 hits, almost at the same time. After looking over my resumé and an interview, they both offered a position. I can only take one and I need to say no to the other. I'm not sure how to do that without sounding like a dick"
"They are literally cutting out hearts, livers, and kidneys from people who are ALIVE. No anaesthetic, just cutting them out. How the actual fuck is this not the biggest issue in world news? Why are we not stopping this? It’s utterly barbaric."
Mean name calling WIFE.
"I manage a restaurant, so safety is a big concern. Even more so with the nonsense going on right now.  I've always been a bit open minded when it comes to Docor's notes. It's our written policy to require a doctor's note when you call off due to an illness. However, a lot of people including myself can't afford healthcare. That means a trip to the doctor costs you $100 to walk in at least. If you just have a cold, where you know you shouldn't be working around food, I think you should stay home. However, the attitude of other managers use a Doctor's note as an alibi to make sure you aren't faking. If you aren't sick enough to come to a doctor, you can come to work.  I see that as bad for morale, because I think there are degrees of illness. You can be sick enough to stay home, but not sick enough for a doctor.

What are your opinions on this?"
"If 40-70% of the West become infected and have to get off work which means failing businesses as everyone is only buying essentials/staying home, less taxes collected and China not being able to sell all their manafactured goods could this cause a global economic crisis like 2008 or even the great depression?"
"Before you downvote, let me explain; I just didn't find a better word to explain the phenomenon, basically it's a totally unconscious way where you read the mental state of another person, animal, or group of people/animals, you have no idea where you gathered the information your brain just did a quick assessment from all the background noise, and it gives you a result, all you half consciously get is the result. Since it's hard to explain, I guess, some people would rather explain it visually and assign it a color, just to try to make sense out of it, because it kinda feels that way, despite there being none; it's raw, survival information with no language under it.

Threats rank pretty high, and that's why in the most basic form you have ""a bad feeling about someone""; you can't explain it you just do, and you might panic and feel uncomfortable, and hate the person.

But I've failed to see more people really listening to that, and I am very confused because it doesn't sound like the thing you can turn off, but the fact they fail to perceive threats or logically conclude a threat where there is none make me realize; they can't really feel it?...

When someone is to trust, when someone is reliable, when someone is actually angry, when an animal likes you, is in pain, or is dangerous; when animals react all the same way towards me, as if I couldn't hide shit, as if they saw through all the bullshit; they clearly can feel it, I can feel they read me like a book; but humans, are very inconsistent in their reads because they are constantly rationalizing, which is good for complex phenomena, but can totally fail to even perceive simpler things, and to me it's odd, because it is highly accurate, and when you put two people together who actually perceive it, they both seem to agree; it won't beat a long ass detailed analysis, but it beats logical speculation in a fraction of a second.

But somehow I find no info on it. All I find is spiritual paranormal garbage which I believe comes from the misinterpretation, but what is the original phenomenon?..."
I've been thinking lately that the world went crazy over the virus in a way that doesn't actually help with dealing with it. So I was wondering how much people have suffered not because of the epidemic but the fear of it. (Would want to see articles or statistics on the topic because I couldn't find anything when I tried doing the research for myself)
"So, I have this crush on my colleague, a girl. Well after starting to have this crush (4mnths), I came to know that she is married. I was very shocked as I haven't know many people who get married at age 24, which surprised me. I tried stopping this crush and my emotions but everytime I saw her, I would melt. But I know my limits, so never flirted or such with her.
 Anyways, last week+ her mother was serious. And this Monday she passed away. It has been terrific for my crush as she was super close to her mom and sudden death. I tried going to meet her but couldn't and she wasn't fine enough to chat. And I myself didn't know what to say. Finally after 2 days chatting little bit with her and knowing how she is. I decided to ask if I can come to her house. She said a yes.
 Now I don't know how to be around her. Her mom died recently. She herself is unwell. I am worst at this, cause I never had anyone whose family had died. Plus I have crush on her so I am super worried and anxious. I just wanna hug her and make her vent out everything. But I don't think so that is my place.
 Kindly help urgently please."
"Hey, first time using this subreddit I came across some posts of people asking for advice on how to help your partner with depression/motivation, etc.  


I have trouble helping my girl who is diagnosed with clinical depression, it's something new to me so I don't really know how to go with it and how to give your partner motivation to change their bad habits and help them bounce back and get out of the bad routine for them. I'm very aware that I cannot fix their depression I just have issues giving them the right comfort. She doesn't seem to find a reason to even start doing something for example whenever I tell her that motiving herself to work out or eat healthy might work for her she tells me ""what's the point though?"" so it leaves me in a really confusing and helpless state where I feel like I'm not doing good enough"
"It seems like many elderly people (my grandparents included) are some of the least concerned about the virus. They don't want to change their routines, especially those involving gatherings, even though they are the most at-risk group.

I can point to statistics all day to little avail. Are there any other strategies known to be more convincing to people?"
"So this girl recently started working with me, instant attraction, but I’m a fairly shy guy so I didn’t exactly approach her right away. Time passes we talk in passing while working, nothing special. One day I see her on my suggested friends on Facebook due to mutual work friends so I send her a request. I instantly get an approved message and an IM from her. From then on she’s constantly talking to me, flirting, asking me questions to get to know me more intimately. Come to find out she has a boyfriend that lives in Rwanda that she met on a mission trip. We’ve been texting and flirting at work for weeks and she has yet to mention him once! I mean I’m into her, she’s awesome but I don’t initiate any flirting and barely initiate conversation. At first I was under the impression that she’s just incredibly friendly and just like me, naturally flirty. But sometimes when she leaves work she’ll come say bye to me and like put her hand on my bicep or rub down my back. I’m not the type of guy to get in the way of a relationship or be a side dude. Does anybody have advice on how I should handle this???"
I understand China has a huge population which mean it can produce more than the rest of the world simply due to huge resources but surely cant other countries do similar measures like what China did for similar success? Also what measures did they specifically take to become so well developed?
"I've tried exercising and mindfulness. Is there some homemade ""medicine"" I could take? Like a remedy for the cold but for depression/anxiety?"
"On the one hand, friendship is purely voluntary, with no violation of freedom of the friend, with no pressure on them to do anything or even to keep being a friend. On the other hand, people crave for some kind of reliability, care, clear communication. Never asking for anything and being ready to accept a sudden end of friendship is maybe pure, but hard. Is it selfish to want anything from friends? Where's the balance? Or the healthy range of balance."
[removed]
[removed]
"I've been reading about mandatory shutdowns of bars, restaurants and other places in the news.  For small business owners, this could simply put them out of business.  How will these situations be handled from a financial perspective of the business owner?"
Can fetish be your only sexuality ?
"Maybe I don’t have all the information. Maybe I’m wrong. I don’t get it. Why are we implementing changes gradually instead of getting ahead of this and going into partial lockdown? 

 If we know a exponential rise in cases is almost inevitable if we don’t distance ourselves appropriately then why are malls still open? Why are we still allowing communities to gather together? Why are all these changes being made so slowly? It seems like we’re choosing to gradually make the changes needed, in order to not cause panic amongst the public. Why not get ahead of this and prioritize safety over public anxiety. So essentially, governments would rather the virus potentially expand its reach as long as it’s “civil” instead of trusting the public with the truth they deserve to know. This sounds familiar. 

Oh yeah, the doctor turned whistleblower in China who had to be the first to notify his country of a rising epidemic. Dr. Li Wenliang was reprimanded by local authorities for “making untrue comments” and “severely disturbing social order.” His messages about a SARS-like infection conveyed an urgency that undercut the official efforts to downplay the epidemic and its risk to the public. We look at China with strong resentment for allowing things like this to happen yet, if convenient, we allow it to happen in our own backyards. This is a bold statement from the government, that we cannot be trusted with the truth, that we have to be spoon fed bits and pieces of it in order to “help” us. Maybe I’m wrong, maybe I don’t have all the information."
"Many people (my family and I included) have been very stressed due to the virus, which is why i’m hoping it doesn’t go on very long, especially no further than april."
"I work in a restaurant. We are still able to keep our drive thru open, but who knows for how much longer.  I only have $500 in savings, so not enough to live off of. I got my monthly rent bill, so I am still expected to pay.  I think that is so unfair because landlords can still get money from you even though you can't work. It's one thing if you choose not to work. It's another if the government forces me to stay at home.

What do you think the plan will be to help people, who by no fault of their own, are out of a job and unable to pay?  I heard that companies aren't allowed to turn off services or evict you, but you are still getting charged.   What can be done?"
I certainly do.
[removed]
"If you have ever gotten lost in a store when you were about 6, the first thing you did was cry and think you were forever lost 💯"
"in my country, we're in official quarantine starting tomorrow for the next 3 weeks and the number of casualties is on the rise. People are out of their jobs and I don't see enough promising news; well, not promising enough to let to warrant this quarantine any less than a month. I'm feeling depressed one day in, and anxious for what the future holds. What do you guys expect? I'd love to hear your thoughts."
"Most of humanity's promises stem from the human condition and our Tendencies towards, tribalism, confirmation bias, cognitive dissonance and generally refusing to look at other people's point of view and being critical of our own beliefs and ways of thinking. If we can be taught at a young age recognize these within ourselves and to be able to fight of out tendencies towards them. We need to learn to recognize our own bias and not to give into them. We should value objective reasoning above all else."
"This sounds like a stupid question but it’s more complex than what the title suggests.
I work food service and my manager constantly asks me to be nicer to the customers
From my POV I’m not being mean, judgy, aggressive or rude. I noticed I have a more timid monotone voice ESPECIALLY when I’m going through a depressive episode. I’ve never had a “customer service” voice to begin with so I don’t know what to do.
By this point I’m worried I may be fired but is that fair if I’m never actually being rude to customers? 
What do you guys think about this?
I’m genuinely not a social person to begin with and when I’m depressed I feel it takes a toll on me to even be at work. I’ve tried communicating this with my boss but a coworker gave a snarky reply and said “why do you even work customer service then?”
I feel this takes an even bigger toll on me as someone who already doesn’t feel good enough... or am I victimizing myself too much?"
I'm personally curious because I really don't understand. I know its bad and it might have a somewhat greater mortality rate but as someone who's lived through the latter and is now living through the former what makes this pandemic so bad?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I'm a software engineer, and I see many articles reporting that the healthcare infrastructure in several countries wasn't ready for anything remotely close to this scale. 

I want to know some technology gaps in healthcare systems, as I'd like to spend some free time trying to contribute to the same, if possible."
"Im ignorant as to what exactly happens after the mouth/nasal swab or blood sample is sealed into a case and sent to the lab. Is it conceivable that every home will one day have a machine that could facilitate testing for specific illness? Or maybe a machine that could ascertain  certain metrics/signals in a blood/mucus sample and send the results digitally into CDC or whatever centralized location could do an automated analysis.

Is this even conceivable in the coming decades?"
[removed]
"With all the hoopla that is going on down here on Earth I wonder what information is being transmitted to the 3 (?) astronauts on the ISS if any at all....
What is the plan for missions over the next few months?
What would be the protocol if someone was sent up asymptomatic and ended up infecting others with anything? Does the ISS have a pandemic protocol?


Talk about social distancing 🤣"
What's the standards for staff both from hospital and media professionals?
[removed]
You can say one single sentence to anyone you've ever met. Who do you talk to and what do you tell them?
"Aside from workers getting laid off, which is a tragedy in itself. What problems do you see society facing as a result of the pandemic?"
"I was just thinking today. Every country is going address their individual financial crises based on their own principles and policies. Some countries are more socialistic, others communistic, and others like America are more seeded in capitalistic ideas. Through observation of how each country recovers by implementing their policies/ideals, will we be able to determine which of these systems is best/most effective?"
"As I prepare for life after high school, I've been thinking a lot about what I want to do and a lot of it seems unlikely or extremely difficult to attain, and I don't want to find myself jobless with no experience and be way behind everyone else in my mid to late 20's. On the other hand, I don't want to look back at the end of my life and regret not doing what I wanted to do. Thoughts?"
"Internet was when created hailed as the greatest tool for free speech but today we face a great problem with it misinformation. It is being done on political , economical , social and health level. Lies that can be told again and again so people get confused and don't recognise the truth.

you have anti-Vax movement that is causing harm to people by saying vaccines cause autism while countlessl medical reports refute that. Today with corona Virus, some people are marketing false info to people and sometimes downright dangerous. 

In politics , misinformation is being weaponized by some states to create doubt , chaos or try to manipulate people and even elections. Their is a risk and danger on free speech when despotic government have special hacker units that attack on internet people that criticize them.

So what is the correct path to deal with this problem without squashing the right of speech of people.  Does that right imply if they endanger society and life of people with Misinformation.  What are the duties of social platform like Facebook , Twitter and others to deal with this problem ? And is the states doing enough ?"
"A few weeks ago, I cancelled my flight to Vietnam on March 26 because of the coronavirus outbreak. At that time, the airline hadn’t suspended the flight yet so I only got 50% refund of my booking. Today I checked the airline website and realized that the flight has been suspended. So, is there any way that I can get full refund despite the fact that I already cancelled? It’s just super hard to call the airline as the there’s an extremely high volume of people calling about their situation. What do you guys suggest me to do? Thank you"
"The snake, not very big, I think a jungle king, has somehow escaped. I can't find him. Searched all the warm spots, any way I can lure him out of hiding?
At this stage he is hungry, so probably angry also.
Any advice?"
"Given that the coronavirus response means lots of people staying at home, with corresponding pressure on the internet, internet rationing *might* become necessary. I'm not asking about WHETHER it might happen, I'm more interested in the question, ""IF the internet had to be rationed, HOW would ""they"" (whoever they are) go about doing it?"" My wife posited that ""they"" would have a switch or something where they could go, ""(Click!) Here is your two hours of internet for the day, enjoy it!"" I said, ""Hmm, I'm not sure it's quite that easy,"" but I had nothing to offer against her hypothesis. II already know that eg Netflix and YouTube are reducing the quality of their streams, which is a form of rationing. But beyond that, Reddit, help me out: if it had to happen, how could it be made to happen?"
This video is so helpful please watch
"My 20-year old son had H1N1 back in 2009.  He was really, really sick and has lingering lung issues, though it's gotten a lot better over time. Is he more at risk than a typical person his age  if he gets COVID-19? Or does he have some beneficial immunity? Worried it's more the former."
"I’m wondering how ordinary (read: not healthcare workers, vaccine researchers, and other important roles right now) people can be helpful right now, and what kind of help is going to be needed when we have to deal with the aftermath of all of this.

For right now, what can those in lockdown do to be of service to others? 

In the future, what problems are going to need people to get things “back to normal”?"
"Personally, I had just gotten a new job in January after a long time of searching and was finally relieved. Fast forward a few weeks later, I'm back to the uncertainty as no one knows what will happen. I don't know if the company will get closed, if we'll get paid...gives me anxiety to think about it. So now we are just taking one step at a time but I hope and pray for the best going forward. What's your story?"
"Like people in the autism spectrum can have extremely high IQs and be a genius in any other subject, but one thing most of them seem to have in common is trouble basic social skills. Like there doesn't seem to be any kind of science behind it or way to measure it. There is nothing to tell you what specifically will make a girl laugh, or why most people will find what you say to be engaging or socially awkward. It's mostly subjective yet some people are outgoing and liked by most and have that ability and some are socially awkward and don't To me it always seemed like something you have or you don't."
"It is so obvious. And with the recent pandemic going around you can easily tell who is who by what ideas people are suggesting and what those people understand or do not understand. 

So culture. I can tell by the way you type to. Americans do not spell color with a U for example. 

What is the point of this? Do americans do this as well? Is it a strange people thing?"
What are the steps to take if I'm feeling symptoms? Could I just pretty much lay in my bed until I get better? Am I obligated to report it somehow? This is just for a mild case and I'm 29 years of age. Someone at my job caught it and I'll probably end up catching it so I don't even know where to begin.
"There are a lot of factors into this. I would love to hear different people's opinions on the matter.
I am leaving my opinion out of this. What do you think?"
"My mom said art is childish and meaningless and I need to grow up (I'm 26) so 2 days ago I deleted all my art of deviantart and abandoned my 1,200 followers.

My art;

https://imgur.com/a/zlxTycC

https://imgur.com/a/vSw3bu2

https://imgur.com/a/UMKRfEZ

https://imgur.com/a/x352wBR

https://imgur.com/a/rZmHjjy

https://imgur.com/a/HcwwC6n

I liked making art because it help me cope with stress.

i feel angry, upset and very conflicted with myself."
[removed]
Flight bookings are cheap and gas is cheaper in some places.
"As in title, and somewhat similar to the Effective Altruism approach to charitable giving, how can I create Charitable spending?"
"I mean, he could always run for another, even though he’s old. Fairly healthy, still politically active with strong ideas, and a very honest person, he seems like the politician everyone wants right now, and realistically, there’s nothing legally stopping him from going for a second term in office. Entertain the idea. How would you feel about that?"
"So, I asked a neighbor to lend me a coffee grinder and when I arrived home my mom was kind of an ass to me.

She didn’t even listened to what I said and rubbed alcohol onto it (even the ones the coffee would touch. Saying that it could be contaminated with the virus and so.

I’m a bit bummed out because she rubbed alcohol on the wood where the coffee would drop as well. And since this piece is lended, I wanted to clean it the right way.......

If anyone could help me, I appreciate it. :/

I even googled but seems like they recommend dry cleaning it...."
"Is there a publicly available dataset of cases, which breaks them out by location, time, age group, status, etc? Something like

    2020-03-01,France,60-69,NEW_POSITIVE,535
    2020-03-01,France,60-69,RECOVERY,80
    2020-03-01,France,60-69,DEATH,27
    ...

Even better if it has information on demographics, etc

Related - is there a visualization of this data?"
"I’m going to start with you don’t understand how religious they are I guarantee it. They speak in tongues, they believe god is constantly working miracles. They believe demons are actively possessing people and I have been possessed with a stubborn headed demon and my sister has been possessed with a transgender demon. 

They think that they hear god all the time. Today my mom woke me up to tell me about how god told her that some woman in rehabs name was not the name she was born with and then god was right and that means I am a fool and closed-minded to not believe he is real."
"Let me sum up the situation. Countries are faced with a dilemma. They need to build the now-famous herd immunity (the UK is a good example) but they don't want people dying.  

If they enforce confinement then they will be able to smooth the curve, and the mortality rate will not increase because the hospitals are overwhelmed but still.. 2% mortality rate is a lot.

After 1 month of confinement (that is what we started in France), let's say only 30% of the population is infected, well you don't have enough of people to build the herd immunity. And you take the risk that vulnerable people get infected later.

That will mean that we will have to be vigilant for more than year, waiting for a vaccine.. that will be devastating for the global economy..

Relieve confinement for the not-at-risk population (under the condition that they don't live with at-risk people) is the most EFFICIENT way to reach the necessary number of infected people WITHOUT suffering a pile of deaths.

What do you think about this friendos ?"
[removed]
"I'm unsure how attractive I look. I could be pretty, average or a little ugly. Have done shit like posting my face in amiugly, trurateme and that kinda shit they were all positive. But they said the same to every girl even if they were ugly.

So for me, and the people out there who are asking the same questions, can you tell us what are some signs?"
"looking for thoughts on how universal basic income might allow a country to adjust to social distancing measures during pandemics, in terms of people being able to weather the economic consequences of not being able to go to work etc"
"Especially in times like this I feel is very very important to keep up with what’s going on. I have heard a few times over the past few days “I don’t know what’s happening. I don’t follow the news, it’s too sad.” and it got me thinking about where that line between filtering out the bad stuff and being ignorant is."
[removed]
[removed]
"I keep hearing how fathers should teach their sons to be better men or treat women better like toxic masculinity is somehow all their fault even when they're not in the picture. My Grandmother was and I  distinctly remember her being the one who told me men don't cry, encouraging me and my brother to solve our disputes through violence and telling me that when I got older she'd have to beat off all the women who came for me with a broom. So is Toxic Masculinity really all on the shoulders of men perpetuating their toxic beliefs or is the source of the problem a little more widespread?"
I always see Farmers insurance commercials that claim they have seen it all and I was wondering what the craziest claim would be
"I'm referring to gender identity and the like.

""I identify as 17 years old,"" says a 60-year-old man

""I identify as a 2m tall black person,"" says a short white man.

etc etc.

this video made me think about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfO1veFs6Ho

I thought to come here since the comments are all taking one stance.

Thanks!"
"This will contain spoilers. 

In the South Park episode Red Man's Greed, the Native Americans in a move to get the people of South Park to move from their town so they can build a casino over it, they infect a bunch of blankets with SARs. The joke of this being that it basically just gives all the members of South Park the flu and they all get better by the end. The joke that sticks in my head is Randy telling Stan ""Stan, Stan, Go on without me, I only have a 98% chance of survival, I don't think I'm going to make it"". 

With the COVID-19 outbreak, it feels as if many people have a similar attitude,as the chance of it being severe and/or deadly is less than 10% if you contract it. South Park, been seen as a pretty rational show, trying to cut through all the hysteria of the world around them, laugh at it, while at the same time trying to be a voice of reason. However were they ignorant in this case? Should the SARs outbreak have been taken more seriously on the show, or at least not taken in a way that downplayed its impact or its potential impact at the time. Or was SARs way less severe than the COVID-19 outbreak and people did overreact at the time, and South Park rightfully made fun of it. In that case what makes this any different than the SARs outbreak other than its massive reach and lack of research?"
"Your go to reporter on the front lines is back! 

Since my urge to pretend like I know what I’m talking about kicks in every now and then 😂 I think it’s time I share the great news and not so great news of COVID-19 in Canada. 

Here are some numbers: 


There’s more than 300,000+ positive cases that are now confirmed 

It took 67 days from the first reported case of covid 19 to reach 100,000 cases 
 
To the next 100,000 cases so from 100,000 to 200,000 
It only took 11 days 

And for the third, it took just 4 days for it to reach 100,000

Health Minister Patty Hajdu said COVID-19 could ultimately infect between 30 and 70 per cent of Canadians

Right now we have 2,590 cases and 25 deaths 

Canada’s population is 37 million 
At the very least let’s just say 30% are infected, the very LEASST 

That means 1110000 eleven million one hundred thousand people will be infected 


If we can be smart and fast with our approach to dealing with this we are looking at having our fatality rate at about 1% or hopefully even lower 

That being said 
At a 1% death rate it would still mean roughly 111,000 deaths 

Say we do a good job of flattening the curve and end up with a fatality rate of 0.5% we will be looking at 55,000 deaths

Say we follow the example of countries like South Korea and Tawain or even Germany we’d be looking at 33,000 deaths having a rate of 0.3%

Italy right now is nearing a 9% fatality rate but there are a lot of different factors behind why that’s the case 

They have 

64,000 cases and 6,000 deaths 

If Canada’s health care workers are overwhelmed because of a lack of resources or lack of areas to treat, social distancing isn’t enforced, and non essential business are allowed to continue then the number could easily rise to roughly 2-4 %. Say it does get to 4 percent 
440000 four hundred and forty thousand people can die 


 Every 3 and a half four days the cases will double, so the numbers projected here are not so far out in the distance. Rather it’s a harsh reality that is fast approaching

Comment below with how you think we will do"
"If so, why? Why does it have to be a competition? Why do men have to put women down they claim to love? Is it because they're so insecure about themselves? Why can't we be equals? Why do other men have to make one feel bad if he is with a strong-willed woman?"
"I can work from home; I have enough money to use it to help others and a decent amount of free time. I've already donated money to local homeless shelters, food banks, the WHO's research fund, and a few others. I'm trying to buy takeout often to support local restaurants. Someone suggested buying gift cards as a sort of ""loan"" to local businesses. 

But I'm worried about the people who can't directly benefit from any of those things: people who work for businesses that closed temporarily and didn't do enough to support their employees who can't work; people in gig positions like the food delivery people, Uber/Lyft drivers; basically anyone living paycheck to paycheck who's left totally exposed by both the social distancing measures and the economic recession."
"I work in what they call an ""essential"" job so that means I have to go out. Why are people using this time to go out and do stuff or go shopping because they're bored. It makes me angry that their need for entertainment outweighs the health and safety of others. I think it's very arrogant and selfish of everyone who does this."
"I found a few female cosplayers, you can look at them here; [https://imgur.com/NQSylwm](https://imgur.com/NQSylwm)

How do these female cosplayers make it look like they have no boobs here? Where did their boobs go? Did they cut off their boobs? I don't see any binders, how is this possible? And where did these women get their 6 pack abs from? What methods are being used here?

For your information; the two female cosplayers on top and below in that picture are YAO&amp;Alma, here's their instagram; [https://www.instagram.com/yao\_alma/?hl=en](https://www.instagram.com/yao_alma/?hl=en)

I have no clue what the name of the female cosplayer with the blue hair and swimming goggles around her neck is."
"As a child, I remember repeatedly hearing the phrase ""anything is possible"", from a thousand different sources. I don't know when or from whom I internalized this idea, but it became a large part of my philosophy and attitude towards all things.

So it was always grievously upsetting whenever I would ask ""how do I do this"" and I would get the answer, ""you can't."" If anything is possible, then this too is possible, so why can't I do it? To this day, being told that what I want can't be achieved is one of the most infuriating experiences for me. On top of simply denying my hopes, it directly contradicts a core philosophy I've maintained since childhood.

So which is it? Can we achieve anything we want, or can't we? Where is the line between the possible and the impossible? What truly is possible?"
"I guarantee that anybody that gets offended from someone saying it are the same ones inrl that knows people who say it. I don’t get it, unless someone uses it to be raciest then yeah I would understand the reaction."
"This could apply to many places, but I'm writing this with the governor of Florida in mind. Gov. Ron DeSantis refuses to issue a shelter in place order even though they have passed 1600 confirmed cases."
[removed]
Ive been stumbing upon a lot of people on reddit who think covid-19 isn't that bad because the death rate isn't very high and it's mostly 80&lt; year olds who are dying. But what about the people who are in the ICU? how often is that occuring? How many of the survivors are dealing with things like lung damage?
"Looking to subscribe to news website. I currently have the athletic, which I love. Tried the economist. Love the feature of reading the article which helps follow through when I read in the morning/night. I'm interested in unbiased, reputable news. 

So my question, what would you recommend subscribing to? I was thinking of WSJ, but 42 dollars a month... Worth it?
What is your go to and what features do they have that makes you stick."
"Need ventilators, masks, really anything. Ventilators are running out as patients of all age groups, including many &lt;50 YO, on or needing support. There are deaths, situation is tense and they need support.

 Wyckoff Heights Medical Center   
374 Stockholm Street   
Brooklyn, NY 11237   
(Between: Wyckoff &amp; St. Nicholas Avenues) 

# Tel: (718) 963-7272"
Hypothetically...
"Try to really dive into the question. Take hours, or days if you want. I’ve been going for months.

I’ve been thinking of it as long term meditation that’s increasing my mental health, don’t really know why and don’t care either, just happy it is working. I have probably assumed 1000’s of situations with Tony and his parents."
"I've grown up with him since we were little kids but since the quarentine I realized these things

1) He always gets into situations where I have to lie for him (this has been going on continuously).

2) He sent drunk videos of me to random people without my consent. I only found out because his other friend (who I became great friends with now) told me and his excuse was simply ""don't worry he already knew."" I didn't, but I said I did. Btw he kept encouraging me to get drunk, this was the first time I even got drunk, so I hadn't expected it to be like that.

3) He told awkward explicit details about my sexual life to a girl he just started talking to. 

4) I got caught with weed (wasn't even my idea to do it in his house, I warned him) by his mom. Some of the evidence was directed towards me, I chose to take all the blame, he barely defended me. His mom who I knew all my life clearly hates my guts right now, but he either doesn't notice it or doesn't care and he still invites me to his house as if it's all normal.

5) This is unrelated, but he steals holiday money from his own brother's work where he also works at. 

6) He constantly makes me wait out in the cold for him to pick me up.

7) Unrelated, but he lies about going to college to his mom for years now. My mom compares me to him how he works hard and goes to college to this day. I'm having a hard time finding a job because of my ACTUAL college schedule, but I never snitch on him.

8) He only responds to my texts super late at night, when he's done doing whatever he's doing; to meet up with me and play games. OR, he responds when he's completely free to spend the whole day with me or needs my help.

9) Unrelated, but he cheats on all of his girls. Sadly, he makes me befriend them and because I knew him longer I feel the urge to be loyal to him and not tell the girls. At one point I thought he'd change and he still cheated on a really nice girl. The girl was more in shock that I hadn't told her, but I geniunely didn't expect it that time. I even had told her she was like a sister.

10) Remember when I said he sent drunk vids of me? Well, one time I uploaded a perfectly good pic of me and him where I even praised him and put myself down and he within literally a few seconds told me to delete it to preserve his image I assume.

These are most of the bad things I can recall at this moment. Let me know if you guys want to know the good things, but I just want to know if these things are bad enough alone to not be good friends. Keep in mind I've been friends with him my whole entire life, and I looked at him like family. One more thing, is that he makes a ton of promises he doesn't keep or it's half-assed. He'll say ""I'm going to back in 2 hours,"" and comes back in like 6-7 hours or even more. If you guys need more details on any of them I'll tell you that too as best I could without getting too specific."
[removed]
"I would expect more to show up from India, etc if it was simply a function of ""wealth vs population"". Is my perception wrong? Or is there some other explanation?"
"It has been a year since I entered a new school and currently I am 20 years old. I always had the rule to never date my classmates, due the the worrying fact that it would compromise school work and projects. I had a classmate that is 1 year older than me, I took a liking to her but due to my rule I can't chase her. However, now we are best friends with 2 other friends in our clique. We grown quite close together, went on trips together and hangout a lot. Now she's going out with another guy, which my friend in the same clique introduced her. I want them to be happy, I know that guy is a nice guy. I know that if she is happy, I would be too. That's how it has always been. I am never the guy that gets the girl and always the guy that finishes the last. I know it's the fact that I am ugly. Well nevermind that back to the main question. How can I compartmentalize this pain? I am having a lack of sleep these few days and I can't stop thinking about it. I don't even want to meet them as often as I want to be that always happy guy and I can keep up with that facade with this in my mind. I am trying to push myself into trading stocks to keep myself occupied maybe anyone of you can help me with that? Any books, sites or youtubers to recommend?"
"In the case of morals, objective means that morality is not dependent or based on one's mind or personal feelings. In moral realism, ethics/morality is 'outside' of humans. The very definitions of the terms ""objective"" and ""subjective"" are:

1. Objective: That which would be true independent of minds existing; things like math, rocks, gravity, elements.
2. Subjective: That which is only true within the construct of a mind; things like beauty, humor, disgust, happiness.

If morality is objective, then that means morality exists independent of minds and is out there just as rocks and gravity exist independent of minds. However, a moral subjectivist has told me morality belongs in category #2 and is not objective, based on what the terms ""objective"" and ""subjective"" mean.

Are there non-religious defenses of objective morality (moral realism) that provide evidence indicating morality/ethics exists independent of minds as much as rocks and gravity exist independent of minds?

And can moral realism be true when there exist ethical theories that contradict each other?

Consider the Trolley problem where there is a runaway trolley barreling down the railway tracks. Ahead, on the tracks, there are 5 humans tied up and unable to move. If one pulls the lever, the trolley will switch to a different set of tracks to hit one human on the side track.

On the one hand, deontology asserts moving to another track constitutes a participation in the ""moral wrong"", that if we do not pull the lever, we would not be responsible for anything.

On the other hand, consequentialism asserts that it is our moral obligation to pull the lever, steer to the track and hit the one human on it to save 5 humans. Such a decision would be not only permissible, but, morally speaking, the better option (the worst option being no action at all), as simply being present in this situation and being able to influence its outcome constitutes an obligation to participate and pull the lever. According to consequentialism, inaction is an action and deciding to do nothing is an immoral act.

Consequentalism and deontology contradict each other, what evidence can moral realism present to show which one of the two ethical theories is right?

For moral disagreement, I agree humans disagree about physics too, especially between cultures, but nobody takes that to be a reason to doubt physics. Most humans could just be wrong, and the same goes for morality/ethics.

But humans disagree in physics about things that they can't observe easily. What makes physics possible at all is that we mostly agree about what we observe. If one says ""earth is flat"", then we can show evidence that earth is not flat.

When humans disagree about morality, they are relating how they feel about something. It is analogous to if humans had different opinions on whether things fall up or down. That kind of disagreement would make physics as on objective study impossible. That is the kind of disagreement that exists in morality.

There have, for instance, been humans I talked to that have told me they are ""pro-suffering"", that they don't mind making someone suffer as long as it does not affect them and they do not suffer.

What evidence can I show these humans to make them understand they are wrong, that suffering/pain is bad and that making someone suffer is wrong?

In physics, ""if it disagrees with observation, it's wrong"". In morality, what evidence is there that shows what is right and what is wrong, what is good and what is bad?"
"I'm feeling helpless.

I've had a difficult past. I was bullied half of my life by family members, classmates and supposed ""friends"". 

I'm an only child, my parents had married some years before I was born. My grandmother hated every woman who set her sight on one of his precious boys and terrorised my mom, but, fortunately, my dad was no momma's boy. Still, his relatives' influence was the only reason of arguments between my mom and dad. My grandmother and uncles were very manipulative and even tried to sabotage my relationship with my parents. So there was a constant cold war, I couldn't trust anyone.

When I was in 7th grade, one of my supposed friends betrayed me. She discovered she had cancer, her parents were poor and they didn't afford to pay for her treatment. So she has told everyone that I was beating her and the beating caused her illness, so my parents must assume the financial responsability for her treatment. It was bullshit, but many people from the village we lived in believed her, even though it could have been proven easily that her illness couldn't been provoked by some (inexistent!) blows. I wasn't a violent child. My classmates used to follow me after class, they threw stones at me and called me a criminal, a murderer. ""Why won't you die instead of her?"", they said.

Eventually, the truth came out, her parents found out another source of money and she was cured, but our community pardoned them easily.

In high school, the bullying continued. I was considered ""the weird one"", ""the depressed, the emo"",  I was suspected of self-harm, even through it wasn't true. I was talking to the school psychologist, but it didn't help me much. One of the bullies was the principal's nephew. If I tried to talk to someone with influence, I was considered a liar or even ""an attention whore"", even though I was a low-profile kind of girl. Even my parents thought I was the problem. I just wanted a normal life, some friends, peace, tranquility. So I buried myself in books and focused on studying. I thought that college will be different. 

When I started college, it felt... promising. I've made aquintances and friends, I started going out, I felt happy and included for the first time. But my friends kept changing, many of my friends became involved in stuff I didn't have any interest in (drugs, alcohol, casual sex). So I changed groups quite often. 

In my second college year, the worst thing happened. One of my aquintances raped me. I was at a party with some friends, but they soon abandoned me. I was left alone with the rapist and another guy, who soon left the appartment to ""buy some cigarettes"". I thought it was weird, so I grabbed my coat and went to the door, but the piece of human garbage bloched and locked the door.

It was my first sexual experience. 

I felt dirty, used, worthless, because I couldn't defend myself. I wasn't drunk. But still, I didn't have enough phisical force to fight him. It was horrible. I could not help but think: ""I could hit him in the head with that, but what if he dies and I go to prison?""?

I escaped. Fortunately, I didn't become pregnant or catch some STD. 

I didn't go to the police. He was famous in those times, he threatened me to make me appear as an ""attention whore"", he told me that his word has more value than mine, he had connections...

 I stopped going to college. I couldn't concentrate anymore, the left side of my face was paralysed, my hair turned white, I could not speak properly, I had nightmares... My parents found out and were dissapointed because I dropped out of college, especially my father. Sometimes, my mother would empathise, but sometimes she would blame me for what happened.

After two years of therapy (I was diagnosed with PTSD and severe depression) and work, I resumed my studies, I met new people, my relationship with my parents was going better, I convinced them to see a psychiatrist (they were both diagnosed with depression). I also met a guy who became my friend and later my boyfriend. He knew my past and he seemed to truly care about me. He helped me getting over the trauma, we supported and trusted each other. 

After a year and a half of relationship, I found out he was cheating with his ex. He gave me an STD which he has taken from his ex. She called me and told me everything, he was beside me. She tried to play the victim, but she knew of my existence from the beggining. I talked to him, he admitted everything. He said he did it ""because he's weak and stupid"". ""I was in bed with her, I was thinking about you and I was hating myself"". No apology. I left him immediatly. I'm healthy right now - luckily, the disease wasn't incurable.

I finished college, I have a steady job, got my own house, a good relationship with my parents, a cat, but sometimes I feel alone. I'm 26, I have no friends (just colleagues, aquintances). I almost forgot how a kiss feels like. After the breakup, I focused on college, on gaining independence, but I want to love and be loved. I'm tired of people who recommend me to find one-night-stands or a fuck buddy, that's not what I want. The years are going by, I go out, I used dating apps, but it's sad that no one wants to know me or to let me know them. It's all about ""your place or mine?"". I refused those offers.

I don't know what to do, how to change this situation. I'm tired of being considered old-fashioned only because I want an exclusive, commited relationship. I don't think ""all men are pigs"" after my past experiences. But I don't want to be seen only as a conquest. I won't change what I want in order to be accepted."
[removed]
[removed]
"Okay so 

From French and Chinese studies that have taken place (more to come) 

They’ve found that a combination therapy of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin has proved effective with “eradicating the virus” showing “statistically significant finding” 

That being said, obviously with these studies, it had many flaws, was very limited, not in the most controlled setting and not a lot of patients were used. 

Question being, if backed in the corner and you personally had COVID-19, would you treat yourself with this combination therapy?"
[removed]
"I want to help with Covid, but I don't know how. I'm graduated with a BS and a minor in a science field, and I currently have about 20+ hours of time I can commit. I want to help relieve some of the stress put on medical professionals in this time, but I don't know how. Does anyone have an idea how/where I can volunteer or work part time in a lab or hospital?"
"Does anyone have experience not talking to their friends for a long time to better themselves? I want to just stop hanging out and wasting time talking in group chats all day so i can pay attention to my work and get my life on track, and as much as I don’t want to I feel like this is the only way I’ll be productive. That being said I don’t want to destroy any relationships and have them think I’m ignoring them"
"I feel like I am just going through the motions everyday. I don't want anything to do with this existence because it doesn't make any sense to me. I feel like there is so much cruelty in this world, I'm just waiting for the day till I'm no longer a part of it. I don't understand the point of even being here. There is so much bad: war, poverty, 
- manufacturing companies or other industry exploiting people for cheap labour. Pretty much all of Dubai was built this way but people I know marvel at the structures and talk about wanting to go on vacations there.
- I was just reading a book on the holocaust. How is it that people act like that and fall into that kind of propaganda. The fact that that is part of human nature makes me think what is the point of all of this. Why do we have a world where people are so cruel to each other.
- people always say to look at the good. But it's hard when it seems like there is none. And usually good things are actually just disguising a selfish motive, or it's because people are trying to help others in a bad situation... But why is there even such a world to begin with?
- even on a small scale we have so many problems with society - gang violence, there is even human trafficking in my town, bullying in our schools, 

I'm actually very disturbed and confused. How do people just get on with things, have families, careers - often working for systems that perpetuate so much evil in our world.

How are others not as disturbed as me. The girls in my school are more concerned about who's more fashionable, comes from a rich family, tik toks, 

Everything is so superficial and there is no reason 

Has anyone felt this way too? How do you deal with it?"
"If the answer is yes, what factors helped you make that choice?

If the answer is no, what would be the line in the sand that would cause you to do so?"
[removed]
Just people not dating altogether or will it just change somehow?
"The government agencies of a certain non-fictional country (I'm not sure if I could/should identify) has  to undergo public bidding everytime they need to obtain materials/equipment for a project, with few exemptions. Consequently, a lot of undertakings progress slower than they ought to be, especially for relatively small things like buying chairs and tables for a school. 

Is this standard procedure for most countries? Are you aware of a government with a more straightforward process?"
"When I was younger, I used to visit my mother who was still living with my aunt at the time in QUEENS, NY. This specific part of the city was considered the “ghetto”. There, I often heard the n-word thrown around casually by black people (and hispanics). 

I go to university now and a lot of kids at my school are from wealthy, high-class families. All the black students I’ve met/befriended, whether boy/girl, don’t say the n-word. Why? 

I’m wondering if there is a correlation between usage of the n word and class."
"I am super new into this and I want to know if there's any books, youtuber or sites. I don't mind paying to learn and keen to learn. Any advice will help like how much should I start to begin with, how long do I need to practice on a demo account before proceeding etc. Anything helps! Thank you for reading."
I am asking this logically. There doesn't seem to be a reason to live but many to not. So why one should not die?
"I'm listening to a podcast called Coronavirus Daily Briefing and [a recent episode](https://podcasts.google.com/?feed=aHR0cHM6Ly9yc3MuYXJ0MTkuY29tL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWRhaWx5LWJyaWVmaW5n&amp;episode=Z2lkOi8vYXJ0MTktZXBpc29kZS1sb2NhdG9yL1YwL0k4M2o1THpZZFdTM1oxR2hGa0dPeGNsVUxreWE3RkZaaExpb1pMeGx1NEE&amp;hl=en-NL&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiqnYvgub_oAhVMzqQKHYE7Dr4QjrkEegQIARAE&amp;ep=6) sketched out a long-term plan on dealing with coronavirus, based on a bunch of sources. The basic plan laid out for the US is:

* Phase 1: lockdown (6-8 weeks), during which the country creates and stockpiles as many ventilators, PPEs, masks, and most importantly tests, as it can.
* Phase 2: aggressive, massive testing for who has the virus (done by, say, unemployed people--you don't need medical training to administer the test); isolation and contact tracking for anyone who tests positive
* Phase 3: testing for who has developed immunity and can reenter the workforce

This plan sounds intriguing and dare I say it reassuring. But I can't help noticing that the people being mentioned in the sources are mostly not scientists, but people like Bill Gates and Tomas Pueyo, neither of whom have the science credentials for this. I'm always deeply suspicious about very smart people's opinion about a field of science that is not their expertise --they're often wrong, but too blinded by their intelligence to realize it, while also being far too influential. Pueyo's ""The Hammer and the Dance"" piece is quoted like it's scripture, when he's the CEO of a tech company.

On the other hand, people like epidemiologists will probably be overly focused on curing the pandemic itself, without necessarily considering the societal or economic consequences. Sure, an 18-month lockdown until we find a vaccine would probably work, but it's completely unfeasible, not to mention that its economic consequences will likely kill more people than the virus ever could.

So my question is: who's most qualified to work out a game plan for beating the virus while preventing a massive recession? Is it epidemiologists, or politicians, or public health policymakers? Or maybe a combination of these?"
"I am the GM of a restaurant, and I have been here 10 years. It's a good job, and I make a decent living. I am getting older though, and the 50 plus hour work weeks, 12 hour shifts, and constant clopens are killing me. I feel like a whiner sometimes as I know I have it good compared to others I know. However my job has no long term investment in me. No benefits or retirement help. 


I would ideally like to find a place that I can make the same amount at, where my leadership skills can transfer over to. A more typical 9 to 5, 40 hour work week would be amazing too.  Going back to college isn't an option, as I don't have the money or time now.

What kind of careers could I look into?"
[removed]
[removed]
"And that, collectively, humans are are fairly accepting of this death toll:  more than 3,000 people *per day,* worldwide.  (U.S. yearly death tally: about 36,000 per year.) 

[List of countries by traffic-related death rate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate)

And that in contrast to coronavirus deaths, which the CDC says are heavily weighed towards the elderly, traffic fatalities are equally distributed across ages, meaning many more children dying.  Further,  many accidents leave people injured and in much more dire condition than coronavirus survivors, adding to the traffic accident toll.

Does our relative tolerance of traffic deaths and injuries mean anything here?"
"If the price is dropped, wouldn't that mean more money to go elsewhere for the entities that are buying that oil? It means cheaper gas prices for everyone else, isn't that a good thing?"
Everyone is so worked up about how crazy the people were that it doesn’t seem like anyone is talking about the tigers and what to do to help them and what organizations can be trusted to help them (don’t say Carole Baskin!).
"My wife has a planned C-section tomorrow. I realize I can't have food and drink in the surgical suite. I can have food and drinks in her room though. Can I openly drink a 6 pack of beer in the hospital? I would not exceed the legal limit (.08%) for public drunkenness. I would not be operating machinery.    

I'm not an alcoholic, just curious."
"I know that liberals, democrats and Trump opposers in general are disappointed in the current situation.  I wanted to get the counter viewpoint.  I don’t mean to instigate an argument - I am looking for serious, thoughtful views on a perspective of someone who until now thought highly of Trump and his administration."
"Ever since I was 13 I knew I wanted to help kids who suffer in any possible way. I just dont know where to start, I am finally in a place where I can help someone else even if it's just a open ear or a shoulder to lean on."
"I’ve heard about fema camps and I didn’t think that they were real until I saw a trailer called the “Gray State” by David Crowley and he ended up dead along with his wife, daughter, and dog, if it wasn’t true than why kill them? I believe it’s some truth to this and no debunking it. Let’s not forget about the Japanese Americans and the Jews."
"Specifically, spacing between passengers, whether or not they wear protective masks, do the flight attendants wear masks?  The pilots?  Motivation of private citizens to fly a plane now?  I see a few commercial jetliners in the flight path behind my home and am wondering what it's like up there."
"So, about 5 months ago I took a whippit (I've taken them lots before but none since then) and after I took it and the high went away I felt my left side rib; the bone directly under my breast on the side
It felt like I fractured it from the amount of pain I endured lasting around 3 months or so. 
SO. I just took a bong chop and the SAME exact thing but on the right side this time... I don't wanna think the worst. There isn't any lumps but I'm super concerned about it. Maybe it could be just a hairline fracture?? I need opinions please"
"So I, as well as most of the people now have a lot of spare time, therefore does anybody know or maybe have an idea what could one do to earn some money to at least make this at home stay worthwhile."
"There's an app I just discovered that helps you make passive income. It's not much but you could earn $50-60 a month not doing anything. It's just passive income. 
It's called Honeygain and you can use my referral to get a $5 upon signing up :

[Honeygain](https://r.honeygain.money/ANOUS453D6)"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"If you've ever worked a minimum wage job, for example, being a waitress, a janitor, a grocery store cashier (which COVID-19 is proving is an *Essential Employee*), you know that job is *hard*. And you also know that conventional wisdom suggests that, dammit, you *deserve* to be paid more than minimum wage.

I question how much people have actually thought about these arguments. If these employees earn a higher salary, then they're happy. But, some profession, somewhere, must be earning less than every other profession, which we shall define as the minimum wage.

So, of all the professions that exist, which jobs *do* deserve to paid minimum wage, and why?"
"Three-quarters of Americans have been ordered to stay at home by their state or local governments amid the novel coronavirus pandemic. As a result, universities across the nation have transitioned to digital learning and every adult that I know that can work from home is doing so instead of being in an office. 

Despite the ravaging effects that COVID-19 is having on global public health and the global economy, could the pandemic prove that higher education and business dealings can be achieved one hundred percent digitally? If this is the case, will we begin to see a decline in traditional college campuses with in-person instruction or a decline in office buildings with in-person business being conducted? 

What effects could this have on public health and the economy?"
"If yes, then when do you think it will happen? Will it be as widespread and devastating as the current outbreak?"
"If yes, then when do you think it will occur? Will it be as widespread and devastating as the current outbreak?"
"It's pretty well known that the massive numbers of deaths the black death brought about led to massive social changes, the rise of well paid and well educated common folk, etc...

Should we expect similarly massive changes from Covid 19?"
"Imagine organizing by zip code; every establishment has a zip code, and only if you are registered in that zip code can you enter.

Is it not possible to have similar levels of safety without being completely cut off?"
[removed]
"Like a few years ago you would constantly hear about how ""political correctness is out of control"", the regressive left is silencing free speech and how speakers are being deplatformed on college campuses. What happened? You don't hear about it anymore and most of the key figures in that movement have moved on or became irrelevant. Did the anti-SJWs win and started focus on other things or did the SJWs win and everybody just accepted it or was is just a phase and the whole thing was overblown, everybody moved on?"
"Given that 20% or so of cases require hospitalization, and 1-3% die regardless... What would the untreated death rate be?

What would the mortality rate be like in poorer countries which don't have respirators or even a tenth of the beds needed."
"When I was a child daycares were a dime a dozen. Usually stay at home wives just ran them out of their home while their husbands were at work. These were very affordable but it seems like that model just doesn't exist any more, they've all been replaced by facilities that have actual teachers on staff and charge thousands of dollars. What happened?"
"No, no, I'm not at risk, in fact, I'm doing pretty well. I also don't mean to offend anyone who is suicidal, it's a question I've been asking myself for a while, and I think I have my answer, but I'd like to see what others have to say."
"**Disclaimer:** I don't believe in some conspiracy about the origins of coronavirus, and I'm reluctant to post this for fear that it may come across that way, but the two illnesses seem incredibly similar, and the vaping-related deaths were left with many unresolved questions. It seemed like they found a good enough correlation that it was blamed on Vitamin E Acetate from ""black market THC vape cartridges,"" so they went with that. 


I do vape (it helped me quit smoking and I’m going to quit vaping as well), so this was on my radar as something to worry about before the pandemic. I’m just a lay person, so please go easy on me if this is a stupid question. I realize that if there was some relationship between the two, the pandemic would have started last year in America, so I'm not trying to push a conspiracy and don't encourage that kind of thinking. 


But I've seen no discussion about their similarities and ther fact that the vaping epidemic was the primary project the CDC was working on immediately prior to the coronavirus outbreak. I often wonder if, had the vaping epidemic happened this summer rather than last summer, would it even be detected, given the similarities between Covid-19 and Vape related respiratory illness?


From Wikipedia:


&gt;Commonly reported symptoms include shortness of breath, cough, fatigue, body aches, fever, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.[4] Additional symptoms may include chest pain, abdominal pain, chills, or weight loss.[19] Symptoms can initially mimic common pulmonary diagnoses like pneumonia, but individuals typically do not respond to antibiotic therapy.[4] In some patients, gastrointestinal symptoms can precede respiratory symptoms.[2] Individuals typically present for care within a few days to weeks of symptom onset.[4] At the time of hospital presentation, the individual is often hypoxic and meets systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) criteria, including fever.[4] Physical exam can reveal rapid heart rate or rapid breathing.[17] Auscultation of the lungs tends to be unremarkable, even in patients with severe lung disease.[2] In some cases, the affected individuals have progressive respiratory failure, leading to intubation.[4] Several affected individuals have needed to be placed in the intensive care unit (ICU) and on mechanical ventilation.[15] Time to recovery for hospital discharge has ranged from days to weeks.[4]


That's the description of the vaping illness [from Wikipedia.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaping-associated_pulmonary_injury) 


[An entry from the CDC website](https://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/basic_information/e-cigarettes/severe-lung-disease/faq/index.html?CDC_AA_refVal=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdc.gov%2Ftobacco%2Fbasic_information%2Fe-cigarettes%2Fsevere-lung-disease%2Fneed-to-know%2Findex.html) provides further description. 

From the SIRS link in the wikipedia page [4], the report from California listed that abnormalities in lab results were reported, including elevated white blood cells, though tests were negative for infectious diseases.

I have no background in medicine, and my only knowledge of the above is from online research, so I'm happy to learn from people who do know what they're talking about. 

Some general news reporting if you missed this news cycle (there are many articles from many outlets):

 https://www.foxnews.com/health/cdc-black-market-thc-vaping-outbreak


https://www.inquirer.com/health/vaping-juul-cdc-lung-illness-20190928.html%3foutputType


These and countless others point to Vitamin E Acetate from ""black market THC vape cartridges,"" though the link is always described as ""likely.""


If I could find a straight answer by searching, I wouldn't have asked here."
"I’m engaged to a girl who I love more than anything. I don’t know what I would do without her, she’s everything to me and she makes me very happy. She’s beautiful, upbeat, intelligent, gentle, caring and just what I need right now in life but there’s one thing she can’t give me: sex. 

She made a promise to her mother (who has now passed) that she would remain a virgin until marriage and I 100% respect that and won’t violate that. I will admit that when she has speculated that I might be committing adultery that she’d begg me to have sex with her, but I know she doesn’t mean it. She always says things she doesn’t mean she’s upset and I know if I gave in she would feel terrible in the end and feel like she broke her promise to her mother. 

The mistress, she’s an old fling. I was with her before I met my fiancé and I don’t like her. She willingly gives me sex when she knows I’m with someone and I find her disgusting for that (which yes I know sound really hypocritical) and I don’t see her as more than just sex. I’ve made it clear to her that I don’t intend on marrying her but I can tell she still thinks she can win me over...it’s not going to work. 

My fiancé is who I care about, that’s who I love. She’s my girl. No woman I have sex with will ever be her EVER."
"So far, this has happened twice in the past 24 hours:  the first shipment had been bought from China by France and was literally redirected while being loaded after someone was paid 2-3 times as much as the French had paid.  And now it is emerging that a shipment paid for by Canada has also been diverted to the USA.  Given that these shipments were both already paid for, is it legitimate business practice to outbid after the fact, or ...? 

 I know what I think, but I'm a Canadian socialist.  So I'm asking you:  what do you think?"
"For example, will a sizable portion of people permanently cancel their gym memberships and follow along with streaming workouts? Or will people use this stay-at-home time to learn how to cook better and therefore go to restaurants less after the pandemic passes? Or people get used to spending so little so they get used to being minimalists and keep that behavior after the coronavirus goes away. What other effects am I missing? Do you think the above it correct? Why or why not? Thanks"
"I was thinking about old disney movies and I was wondering why do people think they're racist? For example the asian cat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFI52R5GRWY

The definition of racism is the thought of one race being superior to another. Stereotype does not seem to fit that definition."
"Its the middle of this global pandemic and I currently have no money to support my family. I haven't had a job before this pandemic because I quit my job due to the management treating my like shit and forcing me to take on a position I have asked not to be in (I worked in a restaurant and they moved me from a dishwasher to a cook). My girlfriend and I will be having a baby soon this month and we are living in my mom's house in New York, which is literally the epicenter of the corona virus in the US. I am 19 years of age, and I seriously think I have no hope to provide for my family in the future or even have enough money to move out. I made a choice not to go to college last year and I guess that was the biggest mistake of my life, I would most likely be in such a better position right now for the obvious reasons. I have not been diagnosed but I'm seriously depressed, I feel stuck. I have no idea what to do, and how to get out of this situation. I have no confidence in myself at all, I was just not made to survive in this world. For others I'm still a kid, people keep telling me I still got this but I don't know how I'm going to go through this without an emotional breakdown or without suicidal thoughts. I never wanted to go through this type of feeling in my life but here I am typing this. I sincerely have no future, no goals, just nothing. Everything has been given to me since I was a child I don't know how to earn and get things for myself. I am completely not ready to be a dad, nor even a man if I ever will be. I don't know how I will provide for my own family with no money, no education, no job, just nothing. I'm seriously a complete waste of a person in this world, so I'm hoping for some advice from this post and see where this step in my life takes me. If anything this might be the first and last time anyone hears from me here."
Do you believe that riots could happen in the United States? If it gets to that point what is the best course of action?
There is a huge overlap between these subs. Do you think the content on subs such as consumeproduct and the donald and debatealtright is ok? Are you ok with these so called «green peepee frogs» and incel and anti semitic rhetoric on those subs? Are you yourself incel/four chang or part of the alt right red pills?
[removed]
[removed]
"Hi, I was playing tumbling tower building blocks and dragging the wooden shapes on the bottom and I all of a sudden thought of what fruits, vegetables, foods in general, and medications smell and taste horrible (like rotten garbage for example) but are actually good for health despite their horrible smell and taste. If you have a list or a scientific site that has a list of them, please share it with me."
"Been listening to some horrifying stories today about grocery store workers, farmers, flight attendants (to name a few) who are putting up with terrible working conditions. They have no PPE, no healthcare, lack of paid time off, living paycheck to paycheck. The employers have okay-ish policies about covid19, but to take advantage of any benefits, workers have to prove they test positive for the virus. But only rich, famous, wealthy and highly at risk patients can even get tested. How are workers putting up with this monstrous behavior? How are they not revolting? Does essential equal expendable and if so, how do you feel about it?"
[removed]
[removed]
"Can music or art ever be 'bad'? You may listen to music that sounds good to you but others find sound like nails on a chalkboard, and vice versa. Many people may find a Jackson Pollock to be beautiful, whereas others don't find the appeal. Is art entirely subjective? Can we objectively assess art in any way? I'd love to hear you guys have to say!"
"Hello and sorry if this is a stupid question.

I was just wondering if it is even possible to earn millions or billions without exploiting others.

Then I asked myself the question why there are so many hard working people in this world who are barely getting by while others possess riches beyond my comprehension.

Where does wealth really come from, if it is not inherited?

Is the fact that one person owns millions or billions of dollars/euros/whatever in itself even ''fair''?"
"In my head, there are 4 plans:

1. Do nothing, or close to nothing, and just let lots of people die

2. Flatten the curve enough to build herd immunity. That means, if the new cases is too little, we will slowly relax the physical distancing law.

3. Complete eradication. (how about all the asymptomatic cases, natural reservoir, international travel?)

4. Lock down until we have vaccine.

**********

I'm not talking about the US or any country in specific. I'm talking about an idealized country with no political pressure, and the citizens are 100% cooperative."
[removed]
"Imagine A has sex with B without B's consent. In the middle of the sex, B says ""it's fine"" and consents to the sex, even enjoys it. Is B really consenting though? Is the sex not non-consensual anymore if B consents in the middle of the non-consensual sex?"
"After speaking to some peers and reading some posts on LinkedIn, I got to thinking: are businesses (think companies like ClassPass and Bird) using this epidemic as an excuse to lay off employees en mass for other underlying issues. (Ex: low profit margins, cash flow problems, inability to scale effectively). 

Firing employees so all of a sudden now comes of as completely irresponsible. Maybe I’m just naive, but looking at how the private sector is handling this crisis is alarming. 

[Article](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/raymond-gan-0ba8011_how-my-startup-bird-laid-off-406-people-activity-6652220073476009984-WxCl)"
"I have always found Asian women extraordinarily attractive. However, I feel like you can't voice this without people saying you have yellow fever. Implying that it stems from some sort of fetish. I don't really know why this is the case, but I do think it has more biological origins then societal or cultural origins. I can't really prove any of this, which is a huge problem because it digs into what people find attractive and why. Any insights?"
"I’m asking this question because I’ve often seen the argument that anyone who is in their mid 20’s dating someone who is, say, 18 or 19 is still somehow “wrong” even though it is legal. The proposed argument is that the older person has a power driven motive that they find they cannot satisfy through dating people of their own age because they would see through the bullshit. But does everyone truly see it that way? Is it not possible for two people to truly fall in love with each other and be happy without any foul play? I ask this because my mother and father are 15 years apart and have been happily married for over 25 years."
"So I have noticed personally if I've done the deed that day, my productivity levels sort of decrease. I've come to realize if I want to get a lot of schoolwork done that day if I *don't* do the deed I'll have a much more productive day... Can anyone else relate to this somehow? Do you think it hurts or helps? For the record, I'm an older college student in his late twenties. I remember when I was younger it *helped* pay attention and be productive. Now I seem to *lose* energy and focus if I do it. Maybe there are studies out there relating to this? Any thoughts, opinions, comments are welcome... Thank you."
"I get this way often. I just feel so sad and worn down. Kind of like I want to cry, but I can't. I lose all motivation to do anything I want to do. I come to work because I have to, bit when I get home I can't enjoy my hobbies. I play video games, but I can't sit through 15 minutes without getting bored. I also paint miniatures for board games. I'll go to my room and try to just force myself to paint something, but I just can't. The only thing I can do is watch stupid crap on youtube to try to take my mind off how bad I feel. After I go to bed, I will usually feel better. But then I feel it's a whole day wasted, especially when I get this feeling on my day off work. Is there any way to fix this?"
"Can someone help me differentiate between this and every other flu? What makes us lock our countries down when normal flu’s ravish our nations anyway?

Not being facetious genuinely looking for information here.

Also what the frick is the end game? Herd immunity? lock down until a vaccine? Slowly reintroduce society and monitor?"
[removed]
"UBI or basic Universal basic is a periodic wage given by the state to every resident to a province , state or country that allow it to subsidies his basic survival needs (food , shelter and Health) . with the current crisis with a lot of people unable to work and unable to procure basic necessity some countries are attempting this strategy or a form of it ([https://www.businessinsider.com/spain-universal-basic-income-coronavirus-yang-ubi-permanent-first-europe-2020-4](https://www.businessinsider.com/spain-universal-basic-income-coronavirus-yang-ubi-permanent-first-europe-2020-4)) . 

the pros and cons i could find about it. ( [https://www.thebalance.com/universal-basic-income-4160668](https://www.thebalance.com/universal-basic-income-4160668))

pros:

1- it is cheaper and easier to administer then other subsidies particularly you are giving the same income to every  adult without any  discrimination.

2- it give basic income to people and families to insure basic need and the right for a decent life. the poorer tend more to pay a good chunk of their money on necessities and goods (electronics , furniture ,...) that can stimulate economy and small and medium business and increase activity in the service sector . 

3-Figths an increase trend of inequality where a small portion of the population get richer while a large part get poorer. the rich would subside the UBI with a tax on benefits and wages . the ubi can help alleviate the resource problem between rich and poor communities.  

4-from Andrew Yang , it would be perfect to help people deal with robotisation of work that caused millions of lost jobs and can cause more.

5-Give people the chances to try activities and jobs thy would prefer are good at then jobs ""that pay the bills"" . it could finance and help people try artistic and other cultural jobs. 

6- Give people more leverage in finding a good job and decent living and not to worry about paying your debts and basic necessities.

cons:

1-Basically it will encourage people to become lazy specially if basic income is gone if you reach a certain wage with your job.

2- it would encourage bad behavior to certain people with addiction (gambling . alcohol or drugs...).

here are  few articles on the subject:

1-[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic\_income](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income)

2-[https://thecorrespondent.com/386/has-the-time-finally-come-for-universal-basic-income/51070573796-cb9a9b6f](https://thecorrespondent.com/386/has-the-time-finally-come-for-universal-basic-income/51070573796-cb9a9b6f)

3-[https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/07/09/who-really-stands-to-win-from-universal-basic-income](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/07/09/who-really-stands-to-win-from-universal-basic-income)

So what is your opinion on the subject ?"
[removed]
[removed]
"Can we use it on everyone including ourselves, i mean no matter the age we always have unanswered questions and conundrums we yet have to riddle, but maybe a 3yr old child has already overcame that but struggles learning to walk."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"My boyfriend earns significantly more than I do, and I'm in two minds about what seems fair. On the one hand, if I were living by myself, I would never expect someone else to pick up the tab. Why would it be fair that someone else is paying for me? On the other hand, paying half of the bills cuts significantly less into my boyfriend's bank account (percentage wise) than it does mine. 

I've always paid my half of the rent, which I think is fair. But when it comes to paying half of the groceries, I'm slightly less convinced, especially since my boyfriend sometimes has expensive tastes (vegan food etc).

Interested to know how other couples do it."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"It's hard to pin down what I mean by ""very wealthy,"" but feel free to come up with your own ""charity tax brackets"" if you'd like.  I think my rule of thumb is ~10-15% of your income if you make more than a million dollars per year.  

Maybe more if you're one of the richest people in the world (e.g. you're a billionaire making $100 million per year, then I think 25-30% is more reasonable).

For simplicity's sake, assume we are discussing after-tax income.

(Recall that I'm asking about what should be expected, rather than what we would consider generous)"
[removed]
[removed]
"I've been wondering that in a utopian world, the concept of money will vanish but to achieve that kind of world we need to eradicate the concept of money in today's world but is that even possible?
Just a general wondering"
"In first place I'm from Argentina, so english is not my main language.
I wanna know if I can use slang or abbreviations in the oral part of Cambridge's english exam, e.g wanna, kinda, high key.
Are they going to pass me if a talk like that or do I've to speak hella formal?"
"Just going to just right into it. (26M)
History of sexual, physical, and mental abuse from my family. I was the class clown and fairly popular, did drama club in HS and then joined the military.
It just seems like the only emotions I feel like I genuinely have are negative ones. Fear, anxiety, anger. 

I’m sure that’s not really the case, I have a SO that I love and would do anything for. And I think I’m a decent person and I always try and do the right things. But more because I know that I should, and not that I feel super compelled to.

Whenever I speak I have to intentionally add inflection to my voice. I have to control my face to show an emotion. It doesn’t just happen. Sometimes when I’m talking to my SO about my rapes, or feeling bad about people being dead because of me for essentially being born in the wrong part of the world, I have to like channel an alternate version of myself who’s lips shake and eyebrows move. It’s like everything I do and say has to be planned out. When I’m talking to friends over the phone I have to intentionally turn on the charming switch and tell jokes and add inflection to my voice. I can’t imagine how other people just seem to be themselves. I have no idea who the real me is.

I have anxiety and depression and ptsd and panic attacks according to my girlfriend. And I think she’s right but simultaneously, I worry that it’s all just my brain going “oh I’m supposed to be crying uncontrollably, GO GO GO!” And then my night is ruined.

On the other hand, when I am having an anxiety or panic attack (idk the difference, I’m new to this) it feels real. Like a big tightness and my muscles get tense especially up my back and neck and I can’t seem to relax or stop crying and screaming.

I used to not be like this until I got out of the military and started living with my SO. Which makes me think that it’s just being in a good relationship that is maki me confront all this crap from my past.

I have so much trouble with telling what’s an emotion. I don’t know who I am.

As I type this, I am sober as a clam (not an addict, but it runs in the family I think, my mom was a speed demon and I only found out recently I was the only pregnancy where she didn’t use meth. I’m the youngest of 5.) and will try and express how I feel right now.

I’m not working until covid-19 slows and  the restaurant I’m going to work at lets me start. My GF is on her way home with food. I wish I had weed right now but don’t. I currently have a bit of a shortness of breathe, but I smoke cigarettes and weed and don’t work out anymore. My mom was supposed to call my a couple weeks ago to talk about my brother raping me but hasn’t, so that flashed into my mind and my heart got a little hotter with anger. And I’m tapping my foot waiting for my SO to get home.

I know y’all are going to probably say get help with all the trauma, and I agree and am working on it. But that’s why idk if this is normal. Am I jacked up from abuse, or normal and overthinking? I have no idea.

I know this is all over the place so feel free to ask questions idk. Not an AMA so sorry if this isn’t the right place. Idk. Some people are crazy about reddiquette."
Just curious if this statement is even true at all. Thanks
"Not what is the meaning of life, but what are things to do with life to prevent pondering the former question?

Working, drugs, alcohol, having kids, pursuing a career or starting a business, having a job that you enjoy, helping people or the community. What else?"
"Okay so this is my first proper ""fulltime"" job (I put quotes cause I'm still a freelancer after working with them for 9 months - they say they dont have the budget to hire me fulltime, although I work everyday from 9-6 and even on the weekends - I don't get any days off, benefits or a visa) in an advertising agency. I am the only person from my family and friends that works in advertising, so I'm not sure who to go to when it comes to knowing if what is happening is normal. Basically, I have a boss who doesnt approve any of my work and makes me redo everything about 10 times before sending it to the client, a client that doesnt like any of the work that we do and doesnt respect our time and efforts (he makes us work on the weekends and he calls at 11 pm to discuss work) and a creative team that you have to beg to work (honestly they're overworked but sometimes the jobs are small and they still refuse). After 9 months, I can tell that this is affecting my mental health and my relationship with my bf as I'm never free. When we do go out, I usually end up falling asleep in the restaurant (by accident) from how exhausted I am. I know that advertising gets hectic sometimes, but I just wanted to know if this is normal for everyone or if I should quit. Honestly, I feel like I've stopped learning and i dont see myself growing in this company. I'm the type of person that's really shy and caring and they require someone who is assertive and demands work asap without considering the other person's circumstances. I genuinely hate asking the creatives to work on the weekends and I constantly get put in situations where idk what to do. Im only 22 and a part of me feels like it's not too late to change my career path as I majored in marketing. Sorry for the long post, just wanted to explain the situation thoroughly. Appreciate your opinions and advice!"
"That seems to literally be the ice between a woman causing a scene, or being okay with it... What is the psychological force that makes women respond this way? Do women react in such a manner that solely depends on a man's appearance?"
Or should we operate under the guise of some sort of prime directive?
I find it's mostly about memorizing formulas so I was wondering how is it different from studying literature for example.
[removed]
"Syrian war, Russia's war on Ukraine and the shooting down of an airliner, ISIS, climate change, Trump, Brexit, North Korea, Bolsonaro, China, Hong Kong unrest, Iran and now the coronavirus. I'd sure that many of you would welcome the prospect of alien intervention in forms of say forcing Russia to back down from its Ukraine adventure or using their hypothetical planet-sized supercomputers aka Matrioshka brains to identify the right candidate for a coronavirus cure.

Like the tin says, would you welcome an alien intervention if it was benevolent or do you think we should be left to sort out our own problems?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I personally think it would be like this:

The Democratic party would split into:

The progressive party (12-18%) which is split into the Sanders wing which would be less concerned with IDPOL, the Warren wing which is more focused on detailed policy and not scaring the moderates and the chapo-ists who are just looking to make noise.

The neoliberal/moderate left party (20-25%) which is split between Obama nostalgists like Biden and college educated people looking for more incremental progress like Pete or Klobuchar

The African American party/Congressional black caucus (9-15%) which is split between centrists and conservatives (progressives don't feel race defines their identity and won't join a party about race), but united in wanting more voting rights, criminal justice reform and reparations for slavery.

The Hispanic party (15-20%) which is pretty similar to the African American party but a tad more progressive and united on immigration reform from Hispanics being somewhat younger but still pretty strongly religious, although more Catholic than protestant.

The Republican party would split into:

The Christian/Evangelical/moralist party (17-22%) for said people. They would be very strongly focused on opposing abortion, homosexuality and secularism via stuff like mandating school prayer and opposing all Muslim immigration. They would be mostly conservative economically because megachurches are profitable and many of these people were raised under an anticommunist worldview. 

The libertarian party (8-12%) would take a large part of the Republican electorate, like small business owners and people who want to reduce the US deficit or cut taxes/government regulations which the Republicans have only made more complex. They would be divided between small business owners who are socially unconcerned, silicon-valley tech-types who are very progressive but wealthy (this is only around a fifth or so of their electorate) and big business owners/investors who only want to increase their margins.

An economically nationalist 'America first' (7-9%) party for what's left of the agricultural and industrial working classes whose core policies are opposing all forms of immigration, climate change denial and regulation/extinction of oil/coal/farming companies. Socially they lean conservative but are not stringent about it.

Lastly a reactionary party made of the alt-right+whatever is left of the segregationist south, whose main rhetoric points would be about how the US has lost control of it's borders because of the Hispanic population of border states which converts into that political party's strength in the border and also a fierce fighter of equal rights in the south."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"As far as I understand, (please correct me if inaccurate) globalisation allows goods and services to be produced cheaply by less developed countries with weaker economies and lower wages, then sold on to stronger, developed nations. As countries become more developed, they lose the competitive edge for cheap manufacturing and labour, and it moves elsewhere.

So my question is, what does a hypothetical world, in which all nations are fully developed, look like? Is the cheap cost of goods unsustainable in this scenario and incompatible with improved working conditions and wages? How then could a truly fair cost of things be reconciled with economies built upon the necessity for buying cheap?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
How should emerging economies educate their populations and what tried and tested methods should they use that have worked? Is it worth it to put people in degrees to learn for example engineering where it would it take 3 to 4 years or should they just do specific apprenticeship-esque programs like 6 months training specifically to be a turbine engineer? Who would do the initial teaching of this if there isn't much educational capital?
[removed]
" Consequentialist moral reasoning locates morality in the consequences of an act (in the state of the world that will result from the thing you do). This is the basis for the philosophy known as utilitarianism.

Categorical Moral Reasoning- locates morality in certain duties and rights—regardless of the consequences. To put it simply, there are certain things that are categorically wrong even if they bring about a good result.

Drunk driving as an example... Consequentialist thought would find that drunk driving is wrong, only if the action brought harm (physical or otherwise) to the actor or some third party, thereby depleting happiness. According to the categorical imperative, drunk driving is always wrong, as it violates the duty to not engage in reckless conduct and it violates the rights of others to remain free from preventable harm.

While consequentialism values universal goodness, the categorical imperative simply values being universal. Do with this as you please.  


So, I basically have two questions. First, is it better to employ consequentialism in certain scenarios and the categorical imperative in others? Second, have I missed anything in my hypo or are there certain actions which seem universally bad but can be justified according to consequentialist thought?"
"I'm in the experiment group that have lost their job but whose government say they are going ensure that nobody is made homeless and that we will receive payments to assist with living expenses.

My stress level has dropped, my mental health has improved, I'm more social and have reconnected with many friends who are in the same boat (virtually) and I exercise for an hour a day. I have time to finish projects - I'm happier.

As a species, it seems that internationally, experts will work together to solve a problem regardless of their country of citizenship or their own government's view. People will do what they see the majority of others around them do, like buying toilet roll for example, or maintaining self isolation."
[removed]
"Did WHO  failed in it's duties or is it's action adequate ? Does WHO have become a failed institution or is it still effective ? 

As from a few days ago trump cut financing to the institution  saying it failed it's only duty and that is an institution controlled by China . Trump may have political reasons for decisions but the question I asked how much effective is WHO to do it's duty or have become too much bureaucratic and inept to respond to health crisis and epidimies on world scale .

So what do you think should WHO do : is it good as it is ? Should be a restructuring and reform? Or be scrapped and replaced by a new organisation?

For me , i think the institution failed to see the  signs that Corona-Virus was a dangerous threat and didn't launch the Epedemic alert soon enough . The institution also took info for chinese government on face value without investigation causing later a lot problems for other countries.

So what do you think on the subject ?"
"Setting aside cultural revolutions and the lack of corruption lets say hypothetically there was a country who has a united population no threat of wars, an effective government with little bureaucracy for decision making, an extremely large population lets 400 million and an abundance of natural resources like oil and what not what steps would that country have to do to effectively develop,industrialize and make its population wealthier and living first world standards with little wealth inequality?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I hope this comes across as a genuinely kind-hearted question. i don't want it to be a competition or shaming.  All of us need to lean on each other, and I hope many of us can also give back to those around us. Me, personally, I'm caring for 2 and a half people, emotionally supporting another half-dozen, holding downmy job while leading my team at work, and tipping front-line ""essential"" workers as well as I can. I'malso planting a ""Victory Garden"" and starting to make my own masks for me and my loved ones. Anyone want to tell their story?"
"



When I was 16, this senior 18, John took me out with his friends. We went to a party that was wasted. He and two of his friends had sex with me. They called me a gross and ugly after. They ignored me for a while. John kept hooking up with me. Before all that happened, he was helpful to me and would hang out with me after he would only have sex with me if he was drunk and ignore me the rest of the time. He would never want to talk to me only about sex.


He left for the military over the years he kept in contact with me and saw me when he came home sometimes. He would only want to talk to me about sex or photos. He cheated on his girlfriend with me (I didn't know they were dating). He would have sex with me and ignore me. I went on vacation once, and my phone broke. He sent me at least 30 messages and was mad I didn't respond. He always implied that I was attractive enough to fuck but not date.



He would also imply that I'm weird or annoying. When I was 17, I tried talking to him about the trouble I was having at school. At first, he was sympathetic but then told me to speak to someone else. Because of what happened I was bullied in school, I tried to talk to him because I was lonely. After three years knowing him, he told me he wanted me for sex and nothing more.



That he felt no connection to me. It's been four years since all that, and I feel broken. He still tries to contact me trying to cheat on his girlfriend with me or see me again. I try to ignore him then he'll bombard me with texts it works to face time me. I moved away and didn't talk to anyone he knows. He still keeps photos of me and sends them to me, asking if I miss this. I feel so used and dirty. Something must be so wrong with me.




I blew up at him and blocked him finally. He was messaging me begging for pics, and he now lives with his girlfriend. I feel sick. He recently emailed me saying hey I called him a rapist, a waste of space, ugly, a coward, an awful person.
I want this person to stop contacting me. I feel terrible. I haven't seen him for five years, but he still keeps original photos he took of me as a teenager he's says he took them because he thought I wouldn't mind.I thought he would have stopped when I blew up at him last time. 




He acts like I'm a rude cause he says he's just like that and he's never done anything wrong to me. He even said,”I was drunk too. I didn’t take advantage of you. You just made the mistake of fucking me apparently. Yeah sorry I didn’t hit you up after but what did you expect? You think I haven’t been dealing with shit too? You think you’re the only one who’s got problems? Grow up. Stop taking out all your anger on me. I’m sorry I just use you for sex but I thought that was a part of our relationship that was mutually understood. Apparently not, once again.”


One time when I blew up at him, and he left me alone for a couple of months coming back trying to apologize to me then to come on to me sexually then I went off hard on him calling him scum and saying I wish he were dead also, he lives with his girlfriend
Am I a mean person for sending these messages?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"So if you really bring it down to basics, you see that many of the worlds problems are due to territory, language and religion. If the whole world was one Country, depsite there being physically separate land masses, wouldn't there be no war? If everyone spoke just one language, wouldn't there be less racism, abuse etc? The same goes for having just one religion. So many of the current issues in the worldare based on religion alone."
"Seems pretty contradictory.( Both are subject to the same fake conteoversy by the GOP...fraud).

But its perfectly fine to do the census, which sets the number of our congressional seats. Why not voting?"
"The census controls the number of representatives in an area for congress. Both have political repercussions.

Seems hypocritical to let the census be completed online, while voting still in large needs to happen by person. Whats the difference? You could make up the ""hacking"" excuse for either side."
https://www.paypal.me/moneyforminecraft644 fund Mr PLS im trying to buy my lil brother Minecraft for his birthday of un Dont want its ok
[removed]
"Covid-19 has halved California’s traffic accidents and fatalities (April 18)](https://qz.com/1840736/coronavirus-reduces-california-traffic-accidents-by-half/). 

We can deduce there is also a big drop in the worldwide total, which is [3,700 traffic fatalities every day/1.35 million deaths per year](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ALeKk00nAfeQIsK82bFbN3NqsofjxpualA%3A1587346630321&amp;source=hp&amp;ei=xvycXvj-EI2E-gS-xoCgCA&amp;q=annual+worldwide+traffic+deaths&amp;oq=annual+worldwide+traffic+deaths&amp;gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzICCAAyBQgAEM0CMgUIABDNAjoFCAAQgwE6BAgAEAM6BggAEBYQHlDZD1jOQWDsR2gAcAB4AYAB_AOIAZErkgEMMC4yNy4wLjEuMS4xmAEAoAEBqgEHZ3dzLXdpeg&amp;sclient=psy-ab&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj4-aGA7_XoAhUNgp4KHT4jAIQQ4dUDCAw&amp;uact=5).  That's a pretty stunning figure--and a tolerated one.

Why the tolerance for some categories of premature or untimely deaths but not others? Are our judgments here logical? Can we discuss the topic without be labeled *insensitive?*

Should we be more accepting of recurring COVID-19 deaths, in the long run, if that comes about?

This 2003 event also comes to mind:  [Heat wave kills 11,000 in France, most elderly](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/aug/29/france).   Regarding COVID-19 deaths in age group over 70, should we inquire how many might have died in coming months from other ailments in any event and add that to the statistical data?"
"It seems like when a country gets rich, the number of children drops significantly. All countries which seem to have sub-replacement fertility rates are also developed. Should poorer regions of the world get richer, will their fertility rate also decrease?"
"I presume it would have been more seeing who can Marshall-plan the 'third world' out of poverty the fastest in order to get a winning advantage in a third world war, with China being a given for the Soviets and Latin America being a given for the USA while Sub-Saharan Africa, the Muslim world and South and SE Asia are competed for. This would also make going away from fossil fuel a lot harder to convince people to do later on. What do you think?"
"**This is a hypothetical scenario so be warned there may be loop holes.** 

I am just thinking how would this kind of Justice System fare under public opinion

General rule convictions that are almost based on circumstantial evidence is not given sentencing under these rules. If the defendant is going to be sentenced under these rules the state should prove that this person is guilty without a reasonable doubt.

The victim's family can petition the court to sentence based on the following rules.

In case of cold blooded murder (first and second degree murder and voluntary manslaughter) , sexual abuse of minors.

The convicted felon is awarded death penalty but with additional stipulations.

The convicted felon is awarded death certificated after he finishes all his appeals.

The **victims** families or families are given **options** **annually** lethal injections or medical procedure.

Medical procedure in this case would be removal or organ from the convicted felons body. The organ removed would be such that they do not kill the person but greatly impact their quality of life.

If the state is unable to bear the cost for providing a caretaker for basic necessities only to the felon it could be passed on to the victims family.

&amp;#x200B;

This would give a greater closure to the victims families than just killing the convicts.

I want to stress one point though the sentencing based on these rules would be decided by a panel of judge not just one this could in theory help reducing the chances of some innocent guy getting killed."
"I want to be told I'm cared for, I just get this huge sense of comfort from it. I don't want to hear it everyday or constantly, I just sometimes need the verbal reminder. Is this immature? Is this just performative and superficial? I know actions mean more than words, but is it so wrong of me to just want to hear the words and gain comfort from them?"
"One of the biggest fears that people have that terrifies many is the fear of death. I have struggled with suicidality, though I am not actively suicidal now. I know i am not unique in this regard, but i hold little value to my own life and my death is mostly not scary to me, at least in concept. Im sure face to face with death wpuld be more scary due to instincts. But i genuinely am not afraid of dying. Its happening no matter what, now or in a few decades. I dont like who i am and im scared of my future, so death is mostly a relief. Like thank god i have an excuse not to have to endure a full life. Death always seems more favourable than life since you cannot have regrets or be unhappy. 

Any advice for how to desire life again and to fear death? Thanks"
"Walked out of my room and seen a decently sized black thing (Looked like a circle) I think its a rat but im not sure, I opened my door and within a split second the thing zoomed so fast under my fridge (I dont think rats can fit under fridges) and I turned on my light in the kitchen and I when I went to look under the fridge I heard movement. What the fuck is in my house."
Air purifier? Humidifier? Dehumidifier? Does it actually work?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
What are things we can takeaway or learn from during this time of the lockdown?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I keep wondering to myself if by the time we get back to normal we'll have a different perspective to what learning and teaching actually mean. We're relying more and more on the internet to the point it's become vital for us to keep education going, and this only makes me somehow skeptical about how to be prepared for the future and also how to ensure that everyone has access to what's coming.

&amp;#x200B;

Will internet be essencial for education in the future?

Will teachers and professores be required to become more qualified for online teaching settings?

Is online education more degrading or somehow worse than being present in a classroom setting? If so, will we get to the point when we made all kinds of teaching processes equally eficient?

How does having this approach to teaching affect the access to basic education in communities with social vulnerabilities, like poor health care and violence?"
"I am not religious but I was raised a practicing Catholic, I consider myself Christian simply because of my upbringing and the culture in which I live (my current beliefs are irrelevant to that identify framework)... Im struggling with the question of whether it is ok to abandon that cultural identity and leave it to be controlled by the Evangelical cranks or not. I really believe these corrupt and stupid people prosper because no one else is offering a welcoming place for the millions who want the emotional safety of having a Christian tribal identity besides them. 

Long story short, should secular/cultural Christians really work to solidify a presence in the broader Christian culture in order to bring some rationality and morality into its discourse or should the entire identity be abandoned and left to the charlatans?"
"What changes will need to be implemented to reassure the safety of people working in an office?

Are there technology improvements that can be implemented from a safety perspective (anti-microbial materials etc.).

Are there implementations on the mechanical side of office buildings that can be made more technologically advanced?

From an architecture perspective, will things like building width and other design changes need to be considered to factor in social distancing in buildings going forward?

What entry/exit aspects should be considered for safety and health purposes (temperature checks etc.)?"
Social services lady told me the only way she could enter my p.o box was with apt#363 at the end instead of box# or # will it still come to me? Waiting on my EBT card..
[removed]
"On my TV CNN International looks somewhat caricatural, with a poetical style, and medium-low average level of journalistic quality. On the other side the website edition.cnn.com feels like CNN TV 15 years ago regarding the cold professional style and the high quality standard."
"How do you think Police and Public relations can be mended? Both sides obviously distrust each other, how do we resolve it?"
I don't want to stay in school if the majority of the subjects given to me are pointless to what I want to pursue and I would rather have more time to learn about what I want but it's kinda hard for me because I have to put time into school. What would you do
"I apologize if this is the wrong place to ask, but I need to get this question out there.

 I'm an essential employee at Walmart. I live with family members who are at a higher risk for severe illness from Covid-19. 

Today a few co-workers texted me to tell me there is a few confirmed cases in my workplace. I really don't want to go back to work as Walmart doesn't appear to be addressing the issue other than offering, but not requiring, free tests at a seperate location. What are my options for staying away from work? I'm nervous about quitting as I need an income to pay my bills."
"Is it selfish, that i think I would rather die, than my significant other to die, because i simply don't think, I would be able to comprehend the pain that comes with it. Because I would be scared that to never see her again? (But at the same time, I would not want her to go through it either.)"
"It is known that sleep enables hormone production that allows immunity to increase. It's also necessary for maintaining a healthy body. From the beginning in medical school, M.D.s work long shifts that deprive them of sleep. Why?"
"With all the talk of corporate bailouts given the current crisis/fiasco/darkest timeline, people are recognizing the fact that these huge corporations that earn billions in profit have no liquid assets to help in hard times. This is because (much of) the profits that are earned by the corporation go directly back into the company to help it grow.

Why do they need to do this? Why can American businesses never settle on their current size and be content with what they input and output?

Of course, there are going to be some small business owners that adopt this philosophy, but even then, I think most of them still want to grow their company indefinitely. There's always an ""I need more"" attitude, wherein companies and owners sacrifice now to get more in the future. So why not ever chill out and reap those rewards? Why is it so anathema, so impossible, so unreasonable to just say, ""Okay, I have a hundred employees. I'm good?""

Before everyone just answers ""Corporate greed,"" I'd like some more deliberate input. Certainly there are many, many greedy individuals that just want to expand their wallets like a goddamn pelican's disgusting throat pouch, but this isn't the whole explanation. Even otherwise non-greedy people have a maniacal obsession with expanding their businesses to every corner of the globe.

Whyyyyyyy?"
"The US,China,EU and Japan these are the states I can think of off the top of my head which are significantly more advanced than other nations in terms of tech. How did these countries do it in terms of education spending, foreign investment, research, avoiding the brain drain such that they have a very strong tech sector and are leading the world in it"
"I'm talking about not just the short term jobs created but the bridges, factories and schools built which can leeway into further growth as more goods can be transported,made and bought; a higher sustainable population and more infrastructure to train people for jobs. How much would a supposed infrastructure boom help a developing economy?"
"I'm talking about not just the short term jobs created but the bridges, factories and schools built which can leeway into further growth as more goods can be transported,made and bought; a higher sustainable population and more infrastructure to train people for jobs. How much would a supposed infrastructure boom help a developing economy?"
Google search results are censored. I'm done for. Please help.
"I'll preface this with; I know nothing of international politics so go easy on me and Buckle up for some speculation!

Ive read the USA is trillions in debt to China, for x number of reasons, and that a lot of American and other non-Chinese companies are pulling out of China and switching production to India, etc...

Hypothetically let's say the Yuan crashes and China demands the debt rom the United States be paid.

Are there any legal preceedings that China can take to recoup that money? Do they have any collateral?

Is the only tangible means the threat of war?

Or if the US really doesn't want to pay could they just stick up their middle finger and say ""fuck off!""?"
"Since I'm not competitive enough to make it to a prestigious US University (my SAT score's too low), and I don't want to attend a state Uni either, What country should I go to for college? I'm thinking UK or Russia, but I don't know much about colleges outside the US so...Any recommendations? Ignore finances."
"I found a someone post a link to someone's personal log in information about an hour ago in a comment on TikTok (I know, weird). It's the middle of the night in the US and the guy is asleep. The username and password \*\*work\*\* and he has about $9,000 in the account. He might not wake up before someone awful uses the account and steals all of his savings."
"I'm hoping I can make this post with as little controversy as possible. I've noticed on twitter lately that black people are really cracking down on white people saying the n word, which I completely support. What I am having trouble with is understanding why they say only black people can't say it. I mean, if its so offensive to the point where you dont want white people even liking or retweeting something with the N word in it, why say it at all?

I will disclaim that I am not black, but I am First Nations in Canada and we also have a long history of discrimination. I grew up in a fairly racist city and went to a private school where I was often the only non-white person in my class, so I received my fair share of derogatory terms over the years, and it didnt get any better at public school.

I wont act like im a saint either. I do find some things funny and have said some jokes, but if something ever offended me so much to the point where I don't want any white person saying it or calling me it, theres no chance in hell I would call my family or friends that. Im a basketball fan, so I watched coach carter growing up and one thing that always resonated with me was when he said they shouldnt call each other that because if a white boy said it, theyd be ready to fight, so how can they expect others to respect them if they cant respect themselves.

Again, I know this is a very complex and touchy subject. I hope it didn't sound like I was downplaying the issue, I just wanted to give my perspective from a similar situation. But I know every situation will be different. Just wanted other's view on this so I can understand it from someone else's perspective."
"Hello all! I am a young man that has lived in a conservative household since birth where it got to the point to where I had become quite toxic. Now, I have become more open and have accepted homosexuality as well as a strong believer in equality of gender opportunity to succeed. 

What I still am unable to comprehend is all of the new wave of gender identities. Currently, I believe that all of this new wave of gender identity is undermined by some sort of mental illness. I do not believe it is healthy that certain people have adopt new gender just to feel happy. 

I would strongly like for you all to share your arguments as well as any sources that could help me come to an educated conclusion on this matter."
Certain areas have been going against everything the cdc recommends / dragging their feet on being proactive. So how come the death rates aren’t surpassing New York at this point?
"So with the recent events like the panic buying, and all the drama, I wanted to ask your opinion on what seems to be a very very big trend which individuals and companies have all joined in on the bandwagon - the selling of masks (and other medical devices).

Type ""surgical mask"" into any of the shopping platforms and be met with a whole bunch of listings. A lot of them. Differing price points, different brands, all claiming to be in-stock, certified, locally made, effective against covid-19, blah blah, the list goes on.

As a consumer/business, what actually matters to you when you go looking to purchase masks? Either for personal or corporate purposes? Is it just the price? The type of masks (surgical, n95, kn95)? Speaking of, do y'all even know the difference? Is it the certifications? The reviews? What is it?

I'm hoping to compile together everyone's thoughts and opinions along with a master post of resources so that collectively, we can all be better informed when making an online purchase of an over-saturated market."
"Take a look at this clip from the Simpsons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8M2tg2RkIQ. It's obviously satire, but it speaks to a bit of truth, that the modern generation is focused on issues so trivial that it worries me about the actual issues we're not facing and what we consider 'important'.

Consider that over time society has distanced itself farther and farther from the truth that we live in a 'dog-eat-dog' world. The premise of life itself is that other living things must die to keep itself alive. It's for this reason that I think modern I think that everyone should be working to advance their own interests and care little about the problems of others. This is the premise of capitalism and private enterprise. Every business out there is trying to put its competition out of business. Is that ""mean""? Or is that just the same sort of competition that, over billions of years, created life on earth that is so good at staying alive?

So the modern generation's concern over the 'fairness' of the system and the problems of their fellow people has me concerned. Don't get me wrong, I think society should be fair. My idea of a perfect society is one where everybody has complete freedom and the opportunity to achieve success. To an extent, that's the one we live in today. There are still some disadvantages, such as racial bias when hiring, but what is the government to do about that? We can't force employers to keep a certain percentage of minorities (at least we shouldn't). That deliberately imposes outside constraints on businesses that are already supposed to be 100% focused on survival. The more legislation we pass to impose fairness the more we restrain personal freedom. 

So it really comes down to having to choose between fairness and freedom. On one hand you have a completely free society, and anyone can do anything they want. Of course, this is dangerous. You could get killed. So maybe you support some legislation criminalizing murder. Obviously this legislation would be supported by many and would keep you safe. But at the extent of, now you have a little less freedom (you can't kill people). I know, extreme example. So we have a lot of laws that protect us like that, and while they make us safer, they also make us a little less free. I'm not against that. But the more laws we pass to ensure equality, the more they encroach on our freedom. Ben Franklin said *Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.* At what point do we need to start valuing freedom over safety and equality? 

Deep down, we are only interested in ourselves. Everything we do is motivated by our desire for how that makes us feel. If I give some food to a homeless man on the street, and walk away happy and feeling that I'm a good person, why did I do that? I would tell myself I did it for another man who needed help. But deep down I did it because it made me feel good. This is, in all ways, the motivator behind everything we do- for ourselves. It just depends on what makes you feel good. So there is no objective 'virtue', only those who get their sense of feeling good from helping others and those who get their sense of feeling good from striving for achievement for himself.

So the idea of living in a perfectly fair, harmonious society is impossible because deep down we are each only interested in ourselves. A perfectly harmonious society would require everyone to place the good of the group above his own, and that is the opposite of how we are wired. People would not do their part, and this would strain those who are doing their part. Consider the redistribution of wealth in society. There are many wealthy who people who earned it by working hard and working smart for a long time. If they were required to accommodate for the poor in society, who gets benefited? The unemployed 30-year-old schmuck who sits on his couch smoking weed and watching TV and doesn't care too much about improving his position in life.

What I've said might make people mad, that the useless schmucks would be in the minority of people getting the benefit of wealth redistribution. And they might be right because there's been a growing gap in income inequality in recent years which is why the movement for wealth redistribution and 'the rich are evil' has gained steam. But I think to address that we need to figure out why there is a growing gap in incomes for various people, not just take money from the wealthy and give it to the un-wealthy. This ties in to freedom, safety, and security. Wealth redistribution encroaches on the freedom of the wealthy for the benefit and safety of everyone else. I want to live in a society where I have the opportunity to become wealthy solely through my own actions. I don't want to live in a society where it seems pointless to work to become wealthy because that wealth will just be redistributed to everyone else.

This is why socialist and communist countries fail so much. Deep down we only care about ourselves, and these systems try to pretend that isn't the truth. Economic systems like that fail because there is no motivation to become wealthy, or be productive, or to really achieve anything. The USSR's industries were so unproductive because it was in the best interest of each industry to be as *unproductive* as possible to keep the following years' expectations for them low. That really is kind of sad. (For more information: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3Jkqqlpibo). The only sort of economic system that works is one that recognizes we are all only really interested in ourselves, and that rewards those who create productivity where previously there was none. This is why capitalism shines. It is on everyone, individually, to figure out how and where they can make an improvement to productivity in the economy. Those who succeed will be rewarded.

This is why the growing mindset that government should exist to take care of the people concerns me. I believe government should have a minimal role in protecting us and a large role in ensuring freedom. ""Billionaires should not exist."" I absolutely think they should, for the people that figure out how to radically transform society. People like Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and Jeff Bezos. Granted, should they have as MUCH money as they have? Well, considering just how radically they've transformed society, yes. But the focus tends to be on how much money they have and not on how much they've benefited society. And I think the more we focus on what wealthy people have, and not what they've accomplished for society, the closer we're going to move to an economy like the USSR- where there is no motivation to succeed and all the motivation to stay stagnant."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Last year I went on my first trip abroad - Belize. I was not sure what to expect and on my second day there a local woman offered to braid my (24F) hair in exchange for about $20 USD. I did not solicit this service - she offered this to me while my group was buying fruit from her family's store. I was going to be in Belize for two weeks. For reference, I am white and my hair was long (down to my waist). It is normally wavy/curly back in the PNW region of the U.S. (where I normally live) and was getting very frizzy and tangled down in Belize due to the humidity and salt water. It was hard to manage, but I didn't want my hair to keep me from enjoying my trip and swimming in the ocean. 

I was tempted to accept the woman's offer, but declined, feeling like it would be cultural appropriation. Later on in the trip my hair was so badly tangled that I had to cut \~5 inches off and spent 4+ hours with hair products, combs, brushes, fresh water, and friends trying to salvage it after a day in the ocean. Part of me wishes I had taken up that woman's offer to have my hair put in braids. Would it have been cultural appropriation to pay her to braid my hair and wear the braids until my trip was over?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"A user said something the other day about ""how much worse the world would have been if women weren't given the right to vote"" and I thought to myself... is that really true?

I tried to get some input from other users, but it's too touchy of a subject.

So.... The 19th never passes.... what is the world we live in?"
[removed]
"Last question was too difficult for people to understand, rewritten!"
Is first love considered to be the first relationship you ever had. Can first love be unrequited love. I am referring to first love in a romantic sense by the way.
I think it is contradictory that these democracies don’t respect choice of Government in other countries.
They seem like such an archaic and easily-forgeable way to identify that someone has acknowledged and/or agreed to something.
"Is it building renowned educational institutions; encouraging free thought, education and critical thinking in general and also how do they avoid the brain drain to keep home grown talent home instead of migrating to a different country?"
"Is it building renowned educational institutions; encouraging free thought, education and critical thinking in general and also how do they avoid the brain drain to keep home grown talent home instead of migrating to a different country?"
"I noticed that American movies when ever mentioning the British they always go on about the war of independence or something relating to it, why do they do that?"
"Like if you could gather a list of the worst thing  every adult in the world has ever done or believes, or atleast goes against your personal values? Wouldn't 90% of people think the other 90% of humanity are shitty people?"
"I have been wondering for a couple of months about this. Most of the videos which have over a million views (and a ton of likes) are made by kid YouTubers...Many of these content creators like Emily and Evelyn, Familia Diamond, Hudson Matter videos are filmed by their parents or other professionals. They show fake pranks and other such forms of ""entertainment"".. I am sick of these fakers who are plaguing youtube...

What are your thoughts ?"
[removed]
"Recently more and more has been coming out about aliens and UFO sightings and people are saying ""another way 2020 is trying to kill us"", but why? Why is it assumed they're mean and bad? Why can't they just be like the Doctor from doctor who or ET? If anything they should be scared of us for immediately becoming hostile without giving them a chance."
" Other than those I listed below — please don't repeat them  — what jobs will be permanently dawdled or extinguished after 2020? I ask for North America.

#Unquestionably vulnerable

1. Consumer discretionary like cruise ships, theme parks.

2. Hotel, hospitality

3. Commercial airlines

4. Bars, coffee, restaurants

 #Most secure

5. Medical professionals

6. Emergency responders like police, paramedic. 

7. Legal judges. But not necessarily lawyers. 

8. School teachers"
"I mean in a democracy.  I keep reading the definition of psychopath, narcissist etc and following Trump's tweets and news conferences and he seems so unstable. I'm  not trying to argue his politics but it's just made me wonder if/how that could happen, for example if a sitting President was diagnosed with dementia. Has something like that ever happened in recent history?"
"
Have selective list of drugs to legalize. Have a pass that can be obtained by completing a test. Companies and suppliers must be liscenced. Make it illegal to share drugs with underage or non-qualified people. Limit number of drug purchases within a given timeframe and track purchases on credit/debit cards. Only allow certain drugs to be taken in certain places. Have a checkup/review every 3-6 months. Revise a new set of drug classes"
[removed]
"what is-the worst and best pickuplines any one has used on you if they used any ?if they haven’t, If no what were you’re guys worst dates and why?"
"I'm lucky enough to have a steady job unaffected by the pandemic. Still I wonder what will happen to others. I am pretty sure the government made it so you can't evict anyone right now for non payment of rent. What happens when things go back to normal? Will thousands of people be homeless? I know if I was 4 months short on rent, I would not be able to recover."
[removed]
[removed]
"I am baffled by that. Suicide calls due to threats of suicide /potential suicide/suicide attempt should be responded to by trained mental health providers. I’ve heard stories from friends of calling the police because the person seemed suicidal and the police showed up and terrified the person. They also lacked compassion and understanding. If there’s no threat to someone else or violence, why would the police respond instead?"
"Hi guys, 
Let say I just know an email adress of someone 
who sells child porn. How can I report this and be sure that someone do something about it? Not just website blokage but like finding the person behind this?

I went to this adress
https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/report-violations#reportcp
 
and created a report 2 times but it didnt accept. So what else I can do?"
I’m very curious about this as I had a friend held after a failed suicide attempt. She was very mad at being held but I can’t recall if she just lied or refused to answer the questions entirely.
"In general, if an action is considered as bad, or a belief is considered as false, should we take action to eliminate it from life? Wouldn't that diversity is the source of proliferation? The nature of diversity, after all, is to against the will of any individual. But on the other hand, by definition (or I think so), a thing is bad or false cannot create proliferation. So this all comes down to ""are our judgements actually correct?"". But again, we must have a degree of certainty at the beginning in order to judge a thing is bad or false. So I feel like circular here. Hope someone gives me some insight."
"I've seen a lot of memes on facebook talking about how ironic it is that preppers (those people who have guns and shelters and stock up on supplied their entire lives in case of an apocalypse) are protesting and demanding the economy reopen right now. I feel like people are just lumping all right wing nut jobs together, and I don't feel like real preppers would ever react like that.   


So are they different groups? And what are they doing right now? Are they all bunkered up, are they against social distancing or following it?"
Id like to hear what people think happens or maybe what they want to believe happens
"I am new to Reddit. Whenever I comment on a post, it automatically upvotes it.

Any reason behind this? And how do I turn this off?

Have a nice day."
"The Corona Virus is an epidemic on a scale not seen on a long time in human society but it was something scientist and doctors was expecting to happen because of human population density . 

The epidemic is causing a deep economic crisis and losses and might on long term cause food shortages . So expert are predicting more instability and unrest in the world with pressure to reform a economic system that seem benefit only companies and high wealthy.  Authoritarian states are seizing the opportunity to muzzle the press and install extra security measures.

China is predicting a flash back against it because many nations and governments blame it to have hide he severity of the disease and some would go to say it is intentional so China won't suffer alone . But since trade war with US and now epidemic, economist predict industries will diverse their supply lines because the Epedemic have shown how relying on one country can be harmful. 

So anything to add to the subject ,?"
"I was watching some black ops, spy documentaries/interviews. They were talking about how they trained persons to join hostile armies and rise up to high posts such as colonel, major, etc.,


How do armies protect information when you are not really sure who might be a secret agent?"
"I've seen a lot of conflicting stories since COVID19 came out, both showing overreactions and under-reactions. For instance, why are [dog treat factories](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/g9l2w7/this_isnt_essential_employees_at_tyson_dog_treat/) and [candy factories](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/flhkvm/candy_industry_calls_for_500_million_in_federal/) still operating as 'essential'? Why are socially distant activities like [camping](https://pamplinmedia.com/scc/103-news/457370-372922--state-campgrounds-in-oregon-to-be-closed-pwoff) getting restrictions, but things like [gas stations and train stations](https://www.outsideonline.com/2412085/is-it-safe-camp-during-coronavirus) getting almost no attention? 

Why do we struggle to define who is essential? I think it starts with realizing that society has switched from [70-80% agriculture](https://delanceyplace.com/view-archives.php?p=1126) to [roughly 11% agriculture](https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/ag-and-food-statistics-charting-the-essentials/ag-and-food-sectors-and-the-economy/) in only the past few hundred years. So, for everyone ""liberated"" from working in agriculture, how many of them are productive and how many are just maintaining appearances? 

[It's time to let go of commuter culture.](https://jalopnik.com/its-time-to-let-go-of-commuter-culture-1840630621)

So, now that [US Unemployment is lowest since 1930s](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/gczpmn/us_unemployment_hasnt_looked_this_bad_since_the/), should we look to repurpose those sent home as ""non-essential""? Thanks to the internet, we can accomplish so much from home. So much more than single-income families accomplished in the 1950s. We have so many different resources online to learn new skills - online libraries, Coursera, Youtube, etc etc. 

Where are we sinking dollars ineffectively? [College](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/8z229f/college_math/)? [Fashion](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/g08dct/covid19_has_decimated_the_fashion_industry_we/)? [Movie theaters](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/g08xsh/amc_theaters_likely_to_file_for_bankruptcy_due_to/)? Popping these bubbles can be a very good thing. 

Perhaps the greatest benefit from all this COVID19 hype is the shift in focus to the medical field. If health care only gets more expensive when fewer people work in a given field, it stands to reason health care will become more affordable as more people enter the field. Simple economics - supply and demand."
"Just as a little back story, my ex and I had a pretty troubled relationship when we were actually together. We've been broken up for a few months now, and although we are on pretty good terms now and get along well and co-parent well, there aren't plans on getting back together. Because of financial reasons, we still live together in the house that we own together, but plan on selling it once everything goes back to normal after this whole virus thing is done and living separately. 

When we were together, there was talk of taking a trip to Costa Rica together for a long time (where he's from). I haven't traveled much in my life, but I am not the type of person who likes the idea of staying put in one place for my whole life, so I've always really wanted to travel to new places. Going to Costa Rica is one of the things that has been on my bucket list for a long time. 

Now this whole breakup thing is making me question whether it's worth the trip or not. The tickets were already bought, and all the plans were already set of where we were going to stay, transportation, babysitters for the kids, who was going with us, etc. before the break up. 

As of now, the plans are still on for a few months from now if the corona virus issue allows it. I really really really want to go to Costa Rica and I was super excited about all the plans, but I still feel a bit weird about going with my ex. Again, we are on good terms and get along well, but the fact that it's with my ex makes me question if I should be doing this or not. Should I just go anyways and enjoy as much as possible, or should I cancel the trip and hope I have the opportunity again in the future? Is it a bad idea? Thanks!"
"#1 action you are willing to take to make mother's day special, while staying at home this year? Curious to know!"
"I know this is not the case for all Americans, and some American parents will encourage and help them while they are in university, especially if they are college graduates themselves.

by ""forgoing financial responsibility "" I don't mean necessarily getting kicked out after you're 18, but having this strict financial mentality, once your're 18 you're an adult and should be responsible for yourself and should be ashamed if you're not paying your share.

is it accurate to say this mentality is mainly american ? or is it a shared way of thinking in all western countries ?

I know in some Asian countries the parents are always involved in their child life including their choice of major in local university and arranged marriage, so they are never truly independent individuals even when they're adults, which is the extreme end of the spectrum.
   
how people in Canada, Australia, and European countries view financial responsibility / independence from their family?"
I’d like to know if there has been any research that shows that CBD has any negative affect on the brain like how marijuana can have some slight negative consequences [Source](https://www.verywellmind.com/even-casual-marijuana-use-causes-changes-in-the-brain-67797).
[removed]
[removed]
"Do all people get negative thoughts where they think of behaviours that would harm others? Do normal people think of harming someone, whether out of anger or whatever sentiment, but dial out of the thought on choice? 
We have a common worldview going on where humans collectively think that we’re just good and everyone else is bad. I’m just wondering if some humans are just capable of thinking good thoughts or just bad thoughts. Or can they have both and whether they’re good or bad, depends on their choices?

EDIT: While I would love every opinion on this, answers/insights from psychologists, sociologists or anyone who studied human sciences, will be greatly appreciated."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Pretty straightforward question. I'm personally fine with people owning guns as long as they're responsible and use common sense, but whenever something happens I never see anyone who's a responsible gun owner actually say ""yeah, that person very clearly shouldn't own guns and they should be held responsible"".

It seems any time a gun owner chimes in they're only there to defend the person who clearly shouldn't own a firearm with ambiguous hypotheticals and reasons why the gun was necessary."
"Not specifically talking about the Internet in general, but smartphones in particular."
Discussion opened.
Thanks
"I’m writing this on behalf of my girlfriend who is still too distressed to be thinking about this right now. I was trying to make this brief but now I’m looking back after writing it am just realizing how long it is, apologies if it is too long. Any advice/opinions/stories are greatly appreciated, as we aren’t quite sure what to make of this and don’t really know what to do.

About one month ago, I stayed the night at my girlfriend’s apartment, and the next morning was when it all started. She was getting ready to take her dog out for her morning walk, and my gf starting putting on her shoes as she let her dog outside. But right as the dog got out the door she started barking, VERY aggressively, like much more than she normally does with any other strangers or other dogs. I was inside and could hear that it sounded like an abnormally panicked and stressed bark, but honestly at the time I just brushed it off and continued to focus on my work. It was after my gf came back inside that I found out what really happened. 

She lives on the second floor of a garden-style apartment complex, so basically that means that her apartment door opens up to a hallway, but that hallway is technically “outside” because the it just goes directly to the outdoors, if that makes sense. She lives in the far back corner of the apartment complex, and the adjacent lot is some kind of old warehouse, so there’s not a whole lot of visibility from other people there. Prime spot for sketchy people if you ask me. Anyway, she finishes putting on her shoes and walks out the door and sees a tall blonde man, with a black leather jacket and a baseball cap, just standing literally right in front of her door, who is staring directly at her completely emotionless and doesn’t say a word. And he also doesn’t move out of the way, just stares. This is while her dog is manically barking at him, but he’s not even noticing or acknowledging it, just staring at my girlfriend who’s still standing in her door. This lasts for probably a few seconds - with no expression from him but a focused gaze. Given my gf’s personality type, she isn’t the type to let this affect her routine, so instead of coming back inside she just walks around the man without saying anything and goes downstairs to takes her dog outside to the grass. As she’s walking around, she notices that the man was still on the second floor, but had walked over to her side of the hallway and was watching her. So she walks over to the dog park on the other side of the building, only to notice that he had walked to the other side of the hallway too, still watching her. She stays outside for about 20 minutes longer than usual, with the man watching her the whole time, before ultimately walking back. She walks to the other side of her apartment yet again and walks up the stairs, and while doing so can still see the man’s legs as he’s standing on the staircase between the second and third floors, at the opposite end of the hallway. As she’s walking toward her apartment door, the man walks down to the second floor, stops completely, and stares at her for a few seconds. My girlfriend stares back expecting him to say something, but he doesn’t. And then suddenly he leans forward and begins marching toward her, fast and holding a dead stare. And this is when my girlfriend panicked and rushed inside as quickly as possible.

She told me this story when she got in and she was clearly distressed. The dog didn’t seem normal either. We had heard a few stories recently about how sex trafficking had been accelerating in our city in recent years, so this made it all the more scary. We’re just a few hours from the border of Mexico, in a medium-large city, so it makes sense that traffickers might target a city like this, as they would have a large population of young women to target, and the traffickers would be able to make a quick escape out of the country with minimal risk when transporting their “cargo” to its destination, where that ultimately may be. This is what my girlfriend and I are afraid of. That this guy is a hired kidnapper in a much larger sex trafficking ring, who had potentially been watching her for weeks or even longer, waiting to make his move, but fortunately hesitated just long enough that day to let her slip by. 

She called the police and an officer came by to get her story. When she described the man to the officer (tall, blonde, blank but focused stare), the officer shockingly asked, did he seem like he was European or Russian? This was crazy because 1) that’s not an ordinary question for a police officer to ask, and 2) that’s exactly how my girlfriend described him to me earlier. The officer looked surprised and then went to his car to talk on the radio for about 20-30 minutes. When he came back he refused to give us any more details, but insisted repeatedly that she always lock her doors, never go outside alone, and especially never go outside at night for any reason. He dodged all of our questions about what other reports there had been about this man and what else he might know, and instead just kept repeating how careful she needed to be. So we were just left wondering what this man could be. 

I convinced her to lay low for a while and just live with me, so she stayed with me for four weeks, during which everything was fine. Then just 3 days ago we decided that she had probably stayed away for long enough, so she moved back into her apartment. 

But just earlier today, he reappeared. She was outside walking her dog when she saw a giant white cargo driving up to her — the kind of van without any windows in the back — and inside was a man smiling and waving. The van was still pretty far away, so she had no idea who was inside, and she just alwaved back. The man then pulled up the van to where she was with her dog, and got out of the van and just looked at her and smiled and waved. That’s when she realized that this was the same man that she saw standing in front of her apartment door last month. She acted casual, and apparently this time he seemed friendly. (By the way he did have a very thick accent, so it seems like he might not have spent much time in the US yet). She said hi and asked if he just moved here and he said “yes” without adding any more details. Then he said “I’m __, what’s your name.” She answered with a fake name and that was the whole conversation. Then she started walking upstairs to her own apartment and he followed right behind her, except when she went to her apartment on the second floor, he continued walking up to the third floor. Okay, so as of this point in the story it seems possible that he’s just a strange guy who happens to have moved in one floor above her now. But that doesn’t quite make the whole story fit together, and we also found out some more details just a few hours ago. 

A little bit about this cargo van - there are **many** things that are strange about it. First of all, cargo vans are the scariest vehicle because they are presumably what a kidnapper would use, because there are no windows on the sides, which means that no one can see in, and even if they were pulled over by a police officer, the officer would need probable cause to be able to look inside, since the inside of the back of a cargo van isn’t readily visible from the outside. A captive might run out of oxygen with a few hours spent in the trunk of a car, but not in the back of a cargo van. Like I said earlier, we’re worried that this man is part of a larger sex trafficking ring, and they see my girlfriend as one of their next targets. The van is brand new, and clearly a new model based on the body styling and the thick coat of gloss on the paint. It looks freshly waxed. No one who worked in construction/shipping/cleaning/etc (the typical legit users of cargo vans) would reasonably buy this fancy new van as both their work van and their daily driver. The front cabin windows of the van have no tint whatsoever, but the windows on the back gates to the cargo area of the van have the darkest tint I’ve ever seen on any vehicle window. I happen to know a bit about window tints, and I know for sure that this dark of a tint is illegal in most states. This means that the manufacturer didn’t put this tint on the glass - the man put it on there himself, which means that he doesn’t want anyone looking inside. So, of course we looked inside. We saw a minimum of 8 different license plates on the floor, and a motorcycle. The motorcycle could be explainable, but I can’t think of any good reason to have all of those license plates. If this were a super old cargo van, I would say that maybe he just let his old license plates accumulate in the back over the years, but this is a NEW van. This means that he definitely INTENTIONALLY PUT all of those license plates in there after he recently bought the van. What could be the motive for that?

The first time she talked to the police, they told her to call them again if she saw the man again or if she had any more info. So she called them today and told her that she saw him again, where he was, as well told them all about the multiple license plates stored in the back of this brand new cargo van. The dispatcher responded that they couldn't take any action based on that kind of info, which honestly makes sense, but also kind of seems like the beginning of so many real-life horror stories just before someone goes missing for good. My girlfriend is staying at my place again now, for the foreseeable future. 

Are we just being overly paranoid? Does this seem reasonable? Is there any plausible explanation that could make everything about this story make sense? My girlfriend and I are trying to figure out next steps, including whether she should ditch her apartment for good and move somewhere else, where that man won’t be able to find her (preferably a large downtown apartment building which I feel would be much more secure). The only plan we have so far is that she’s going to go to the police station in person tomorrow to hopefully get a real conversation with somebody there. All inputs are appreciated."
I read a statistic somewhere that said over 1/3 of families go into debt because of prison communications costs with incarcerated loved ones.
"I’ve seen so many times in life of how much setting goals is important. I never really did that. I just took everything as they went and got to my current point in life, which is comfortable. 

However, a youtuber I followed posted a picture of his notes app today which showed his current life goals, which got me wondering - how important is it to set goals and does writing them down really do anything?

I want to improve myself and I’ve never been a goal setter and wondering how I can be someone that sets and achieves things."
"
“Scientific knowledge is a body of statements of varying degrees of certainty 
– some most unsure, some nearly sure, none absolutely certain.” ~ Richard P. Feynman.

What I understand to be a key part of the scientific method and discovery is that it works mainly via induction. Such a style of reasoning never gives a definite answer. Only likely answers. In science you get probabilities, and likelihoods. Never assurance. It’s what separates scientific fields from mathematics for examples. It’s not about the binary yes/no, true/false, black/white rigid conclusions. In this way it keeps science a very humble discipline that constantly finds room to improve and expand. But there’s a problem…

Does this mean science will NEVER be complete? Always aiming so close to the truth but it will always dangle out of full reach. I get it– as humans we are generally insecure about our abilities to obtain complete knowledge of such vast fields. In the scale of the universe, our species are ants. What can we ever truly know about anything then? But one day could our knowledge of some things be complete?

The human race will likely go extinct in some way or another, before we uncover all the earth’s and universe’s secrets. But let’s say by some dumb luck we were to survive millennia as a species–even much much more. Let’s say we even manage to make leaps in our evolution, and unfathomable advances in our technology. Our species in the far FAR future, might surpass human limits and become more like aliens to us. Given this extremely vast period of time, could we eventually reach full knowledge?

I think that the reasoning behind the scientific method implicitly under-credits or denies our potential to eventually understand anything completely given enough time. (When I say “enough” time, I mean the most imaginative and implausible amount of time we could think of.)

What do you guys think?"
"Do all of these insecurities trace back to poor whites being afraid of being undercut by cheaper black labor after the Civil War? It is strange because it seems to have a strong class element to it and barrier to entry in the identity is exceptionally low. Many times it seems like sharing the insecurity and just being willingly to be angry is far more important than anything like your race, socioeconomic status or birth place.

It seems like there is an identity that is trying to be expressed but what exactly is that identity and where does it come from?"
"""its long and complicated""
The thing is i met a girl 7 years ago
I had crash on her for like 2 years
Then i get older i realize that she is not my type
And im not her type
We have absolutely nothing real in common but we talk every 2 to 3 days for 5 to 6 hours a day
And we have so much fun talking about ""memes , sex, make fun of people""
Isn't that weird ???
I wanna define our relationship but i can't
Like why we still friends
Am i deep inside love her ?? 
Does she ??
Cuz i have another girl friends but its not thing like her
I want a logical answer 

Its my first time on reddit don't mind me"
"I know there are pros and cons to this but i think in general, Prostitution (when done right) is when 2 parties mutually agree to have consensual sex and have agreed on a price. I think Prostitution should be legalized and it should be less difficult to book an escort as long as you are above the age of 21."
"It bothers me, always has..."
"I know there are pros and cons to this but i think in general, Prostitution (when done right) is when 2 parties mutually agree to have consensual sex and have agreed on a price. I think Prostitution should be legalized and it should be less difficult to book an escort as long as you are above the age of 21."
"I imagine many employers are doing this but this. With the $600 weekly federal unemployment addition, which i understand is given in full no matter how much your position is reduced, i can see a lot of companies that are hurting taking advantage of this."
I imagine many employers are reducing pay but demanding the same work for employees because their employees will be made whole through the unemployment filing with the addition of the federal $600. I am of the understanding the full $600 is paid no matter what your pay is reduced by.
"So my wife and I were watching a show and the characters were dealing with newborn twins.  Modern Family for those who want to know.  Anyways, we are in our early 30s, and the discussion of starting a family is frequently brought up.  The good news is that neither of us is pushing for either having children, or not having children - but it is something we think about from time to time.

Background here is that everything is great with us.  We are financially secure, own a house, both employed in positions that have longevity, I work from home so I’d be there for the domestic requirements... basically we have a lot of boxes checked to go down the route of having children - but we just aren’t sure about it.  

Anyways - it’s difficult getting honest information about what to expect when having a child from folks in our personal lives because “children are a blessing” and it’s the “greatest joy of life” is all we get from anyone we ask.  So I’m turning to you strangers on the interwebs where we can all express our honest opinions without fear of judgement from folks we care about.

So - I hear a lot about the joys of having children, but we are curious to hear the challenges from folks who have had kids.  

We aren’t aiming to make a decision anytime soon, for what it is worth - it just comes up in conversation sometimes, and we are both kind of frustrated with a lack of brute honesty on the topic.  Much appreciated, folks!"
Do you have any ideas for how a young woman in Africa can make some money online or otherwise in the lockdown? I have a BSc in Microbiology and almost done with my MSc in Epidemiology and Biostatistics. I'm unemployed and actively looking for a job but I'm also very open to other ways of earning a living but I need ideas.
"So it's a popular statement but when people say this , is the person in question supposed to actually stop thinking and move their body towards whatever thing they need to do ?

Pretty much I'm asking are you supposed to stop all mental thought at that moment ?"
"Lets say you've moved to the US or the UK, and you're gonna have to introduce yourself to coworkers,  do you give yourself a nickname, or do you just live with people mispronouncing you name? I'm northern European, and my name isn't hard to spell, but it's not to easy to pronounce in English."
[removed]
"So I had a long time friend in business for over a year. We talked everyday. I was in the trenches with him, messaging and helping him out. Then now he started seeing success a lot.  

So now he just stopped messaging me and hitting me up I guess because of that. I also noticed he is active on social media and purposely just flat out ignoring me. I am not annoying and hit him up periodically to check up.

Does money really do change people? I am sad that our friendship has come to an end."
[removed]
"India seems dirtier, more chaotic, and having a larger array of social problems than most other countries, including developing ones. You hear way more rape stories from India, way more stories about religious violence, way more stories about corruption, way more stories about weird stuff, and way more anecdotes which give an impression of a dysfunctional country. While it may just be due to India having a more open media airing all the dirty laundry, I have also come across several comments by people who have traveled to many other developing countries, whether Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Iran, Egypt, Brazil, etc who still found India to be more shocking and intense. Their message was essentially: All countries have problems, but India is another level. Many such comments are online, but you have real life accounts such as this one too. (TL;DR Manson found India to be more intense and shocking than any of the 40 other countries he went to).

But what could be some explanations for why India seems to come across as more messed up or ""weird"" than other countries? Can it be attributed to the sheer population? Do you feel that there are some cultural aspects unique to India? Do you feel that India has some other issues which have no parallels in other countries?"
"Title basically. I have an 08 car that I still owe $1000 on, butnI just now had to sink in $2000 worth of repairs. Other than driving it off a cliff, what can I do about this stupid car? I want to get another one, but I can't afford two payments."
"I have read before that being the youngest male of many brothers, or having many women around while growing up or various other factors has been more correlated with being gay. Is it also possible that other factors could be at play? Such as biology or early childhood sexual experiences. Internal feelings about yourself? Like low self esteem makes people subconsciously feel not enough and easier to persue the same sex or something? Just curious your thoughts, thanks"
"So I stumbled upon this music video and decided to listen to it because I was bored.

While watching the video I found one part of the video to be very cool.

[https://youtu.be/V18HOfTpT\_E?t=82](https://youtu.be/V18HOfTpT_E?t=82)

In this segment the rapper is falling to the side while directly looking into the camera and every time he should hit the ground, he appears in a new location and then fells again and the thing repeats itself.

I found that very cool and I wanted to watch some videos about how you do these kind of camera tricks but I can't figure out what to google. I don't know how it's called.

I tried describing the ""trick"" in google but with no success. Any help would much be appreciated."
"I work as a manager in a restaurant. The other day I had one of our younger workers (like 14 or 15) come to me asking to talk. She told me that she was feeling uncomfortable working with a particular male employee (let's call him Mike). Mike is older, like in his mid 20's, and has worked for us for about 4 months or so. As far as I was aware, he was an okay guy. He showed up to work and did his job, and was really laid back. Nothing really stuck out about him much. Then she went into detail about the inappropriate things he said to her, how he was getting touchy feely, and more. It was so disgusting, and I didn't even know this was happening.

To make matters worse, as I was having this talk, one of my other managers came in to join the conversation. Apparently she had some run ins with Mike before too. She is older, so in her 20's, so she passed it off as some harmless flirting. After hearing what is happening to the younger girls, she needed to tell me because that is not okay.

Obviously I fired the guy. He didn't have anything to say for himself about it. I just feel bad that I couldn't have found this out sooner. After talking with these ladies, it seems as if they were scared to come forward, or felt like it was no big deal. I want to be able to protect my employees from stuff like this, and to become better at spotting when things might be going wrong.

Is there anything I could be doing to help spot these horrible things from happening in the future?"
"There has been a lot of talk about striking a balance between the re-opening of the economy and social distancing policies to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. These discussions often look like an apples and oranges comparison of loss of life (human cost) and the economic cost. Issues with testing, politics, etc. aside, we can measure the human cost in terms of positive tests, deaths and the economic cost in terms of GDP, unemployment numbers, stock market performance, etc. What is more difficult is measuring the human cost of the economic damage. 

We've run into this issue many times before - war vs. economic sanctions, environmental regulation vs. industry. An example that came to mind were the economic sanctions imposed on Venezuela, preventing access to potable water. Pumps, parts to repair water trucks, and other equipment can't be imported and real people die as a direct result of being cut off from that market. Not sure if that is a fair comparison or not but it seems related IMO. 

Could you share thoughts and research that seeks to quantify the HUMAN cost of economic damage?"
"For instance, if a slice or two in a loaf of bread has mold in it, is the entire loaf bad? Can I just cut around a small spot of mold on leftovers to eat another part of it? In cases like these, what is the harm in avoiding the moldy parts of food to still salvage some of it?"
"As the public becomes more aware of animal agriculture and its affects on the environment, more and more individuals will began changing their diets to a plant based one. The majority of those individuals will also become vegans. This is already apparent in today's society as the number of vegans in various countries has increased, some slightly, others drastically.  

From what I've seen online, many of these vegans believe that animal agriculture will quickly become a thing of the past. I'm inclined to believe them however I think we will continue to eat meat in the form of lab grown meat. 

Meat has become something that many people are used to eating and many, even upon learning about animal agriculture, the environmental affects, and the health benefits of plant based, are unwilling to give it up. This is why I think lab grown meat will be the future. While it most likely not do much to change your health it will eliminate animal agriculture and the negative environmental affects. This, in turn, allows people to feel less guilty about eating meat.

The price of producing lab grown meat has gone down considerably in recent years and the technology continues to improve and get well funded. I believe that we will see it come to stores across the first world in a few years. However I want to see your thoughts on this."
"Hello, I am selling photos of my feet on my patreon, has it really cost me a lot to pay for my university career, any interested fetishist?

 [https://www.patreon.com/harpyblair](https://www.patreon.com/harpyblair)"
"I am Biologist and I was thinking about the sense of life (that surely maybe doesn't really exist such thing). It's a fact that science doesn't have all the answers, just as any religion, but I am still believing that there's something more that scape from our capacity to perceive reality. As I studied (and of course, making my better effort to comprehend) complex biochemical reactions such as the interactions between proteins, cell communication, reproduction and apoptosis, deeply inside of me there is still growing the feeling that we are missing something, but I don't really know what or where could it be. 
I am skeptic so I never really get conformed with any kind of answer, doesn't matter it's nature (spiritual, of conspiracy, philosophical, logical, physical or any other not mentioned by its name). I don't believe in God or a creator and I refuse to think that aliens or reptilians are under control (but it doesn't sounds very crazy considering the nature of my question), I am more influenced by the philosophical way of thinking. The anthropic principle is the most convincing theory by the moment, at least to me but I don't see the Universe or even the cells as thinking entities and if we are not more than a cumulus of specialized cells, what is all the purpose behind of life?
Taking that in consideration, what do you think?"
"The past 5 months it seems everywhere i go i se a public freak out. Most of the cases isnt even justified by law or ethic. Like customer freaking out aboult prices at store, or dude at public transport when got caught without a ticket.
These freak outs somehow always seems way more destructieve than any original act that lead to it, and the subject always seems to be thinking thay have every right to be angry so.

My question reddit is, what do you think aboult that phenomenon and what do you think lead to masses of peaple thinking thay deserve rights and treatment only granted for french royaltyes before?"
"Greetings everyone

I am your concierge
@Anastatian Elizabeth Romani - Journalist 

I am a virtual assistant and journalist.

My main skill is research.

I have experience as a

# lifestyle awareness liaison

#peer support advocate

#quality time advisor

#online event specialist

#program director

#social media presentation coordinator

My 24/7 email contact is

ranastatian8@gmail.com

ranastatian@yahoo.com

Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Ideally, it's a huge problem and current approaches are missing something."
"This is even besides the coronavirus. More and more people are working from home full-time, we can do way more stuff just online on our phones or computers, we’ve seen the rise of Amazon delivery and fast food and grocery deliveries, there’s talk about voting via mail in ballots so we don’t have to leave our homes to vote, video games are more popular than ever etc. 

I know most people still have to travel for work, travel to see family, travel for tourism purposes,  buy food and clothes, go to parties and weddings etc. but is something we need to look at?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I really want to try some new recipes but I've never had that food before and I don't know what it's supposed to taste like. Have you tried cooking something like that? Did it turn out good?
"Recently I found out that for a while I have been mixing up the definition of adjectives with common nouns.

It's weird because I'm interested in reading, and I was fairly confident I remembered the meaning of adjectives. However I checked a while ago and was wrong."
"This may be more of a ""Am I the Asshole"" type question, but I'm actually just  curious how people's relationship is with their mothers (particularly but not limited to Americans). I'm not looking for judgement on my behavior, I'm just curious how common my situation is.

Last Sunday was Mother's Day in the United States. A few male friends and I were airing grievances about our mothers who share similar personality traits (which we perceive to be negative) last night. I think our Mothers would have been appalled to hear what we were saying as it was not particularly endearing given Mother's Day *just* happened. However, I was surprised to find how common our attitudes about our situations at large was. Among them

* All of us were quite frustrated by the lack of responsibility and accountability that our mothers hold for their own actions. It seems that each of them believe they are strongly indemnified against their poor life decisions which will potentially cost them quality of life in their impending elder life period. Any large financial mistakes or lifestyle choices which will result in handicapping in late life will be addressed in full by their kids.
   * I will say I have no problems supporting my mother in old age, but there seems to be an expectation that her children will have a turn key geriatric solution when the time comes that will not require anything on her part. Furthermore, she will hold no grudges against any one child that has made life decisions that ensure they're not capable of helping in the old age support period, as long as *one* of the kids does the job. (i.e. my sister can be prodigal and distant but still make it in the will)
* Each of our mothers have a strong belief in their skill as a parent and believe they did a great job in spite of the fact that we can each point to clearly subpar activity in our childhood.
   * Caveat: this is not to say any one of us think our mothers are exceptionally bad. It's just to say that our mothers seem to hold that they get an A- or an A for motherhood whereas we would argue they are somewhere in the C- to B+ range. Not bad, just not amazing either
* Our mothers felt that their motherhood has bought them a free pass for their character defects and rather tall demands and that it is unbecoming of us as their sons to challenge them on inappropriate behavior (e.g. rudeness in public, highly intolerant world views, demands for consistently visiting them, etc.) now that we are all adults. I don't consider my mother to be my friend as it feels like much more of a chore than a privilege to see her. 
* Each of us seemed confident that their passing would not take a strong emotional toll on us. One of use even went as far as to say, ""Life will be better for everyone when she's gone"" (keeping in mind that his mother doesn't do anything criminal and would not be described as a nuisance to society by almost anyone).
   * I will **absolutely** concede that this is total speculation on my part, and much like how no one knows how they will truly feel and react when they wield the power to end someone's life (for better or worse), I would be inclined to believe people who say ""I felt the same way until it happened, and so will you"".  It's not to say I don't love my mother, but I accept that our relationship is not a cornerstone in my life, and that her passing will be a relatively fleeting event all things considered. 

I will say, I don't believe any of our mothers would make the cut for r/insaneparents. It just surprised me that my outlook was not as uncommon as I believed. Thoughts?"
I'm 15 and I go to a small school. (We are quarentined right now) there are roughly 8 boys and 5 girls (including myself) in my class. The girls in my class compliment each other but not me. I don't need compliments and I respect the fact they might think I'm hideous. I'm just curious as to why I never get any. They always do it right in front of me. The obvious reason might be theres nothing to compliment me. What do you think?
"I've been quarantined for 2 months here, to the day. How are you guys holding up? How are you maintaining you sanity? What does your daly routine include? I'm interested!"
"During the 1930s there was very high economic inequality only exacerbated by the depression which cost tens of millions of jobs, [heavy anti-jewish sentiment](https://news.gallup.com/opinion/polling-matters/232949/american-public-opinion-holocaust.aspx)was among the public which [this guy was openly spreading among millions](https://www.nytimes.com/1979/10/28/archives/charles-coughlin-30s-radio-priest-dies-fiery-sermons-stirred-furor.html) and anti-black sentiment was still 30-years away from even being challenged. 

So why didn't the US public not elect a fascist demagogue to power?

Did the 2-party system and partisan national comitees we see as bad actually do their ideal purpose of keeping extremism on guard by electing someone like FDR? 

Was it the fact that FDR was a pretty heavily racist leftist enough to assuage those demands?

Was this one of FDR's many achievements while in office?"
"I need you to tell me what the issues with my current view are, and if there are any arguments against my view.

My current view is that the age of consent to sex that is drawn at 18 is not arbitrary and is better than drawing the age of consent to sex at e.g. 15. ""Arbitrary"" means that it is based on nothing, merely a whim. That is, someone decided on 17 ""just because."" That is objectively not the case, it is based on the age where we finish school and take on adult responsibilities due to a commonly agreed upon recognition of cognitive and emotional maturity. You cannot make the argument that it is arbitrary, since the word arbitrary means ""based on nothing"" and it is definitely not based on nothing. In other words, if it were literally arbitrary you would have to prove the age of consent could have just as easily been 56, 79, 2, or 30. If it were arbitrary there would be an equal chance of it being any age.

Also, the thing is that a line has to be drawn somewhere. Even within the US the age of consent to sex varies between 15-18. But because we *do* have to draw a line somewhere, we have to choose an age. Even if we were to say the age of consent to sex that is drawn ""at puberty"", kids hit puberty at different times. If someone hit puberty at 9, would it be okay for this 9-year-old to have sex?

The idea of the age of consent to sex is that at an age, you aren't mature enough to consent to sex. So if you asked a 10-year-old if they wanted sex and they said yes, you would still be a child molester, because at that age (even if the 10 year old hit puberty) the 10 year old is not emotionally mature enough to handle sex or understand it fully. As for when the age happens where people are ready for sex, it varies from person to person and the age of consent to sex that is drawn at 18 is better than drawing the age of consent to sex at for example 15 at the moment.

What are the issues with my view? How would you argue against drawing the age of consent to sex at 18? Can you provide evidence showing that the age of consent to sex that is drawn at 18 is arbitrary and is worse than drawing the age of consent to sex at 13-15?"
"Neither here nor there but sometimes I think of how collectively awful and stupid we are when you look at youtube, twitter, facebook etc. It makes me fearful of the terrible check that is going to be paid in the future for all of this stupidity... I may just be in one of those moods but I honestly can't understand how we could possibly justify ourselves to our descendants. What are they going to think when they look over these records?"
Is it necessary that all art abides by the new socio-political standards?
[removed]
"For 19 years I have lied about so many things to my parents, friends and everyone else. My dad would get very angry and confrontational whenever I told him the truth about something. When I lied to him it gave me assurance that I wouldn't have to deal with the pain of telling the truth. 

Ever since the first time I started lying it became so excessive. And I got really good at it, but I feel so empty because everything I know and understand about myself and the world is built on fiction that I constructed for myself. Despite all that I still feel happy at times and I almost always get away with lying. And when I don't, I usually don't even care. 

Should I even try and fix this?"
"I got a lot of good advice and perspectives in the last topic I posted, so I am hoping to get some more again.  I am the manager of a restaurant, and we recently had this one girl quit unexpectedly.  She had been working with us for about a year.  It later came out to me that another girl who worked for us was bullying her, and caused her to quit.  I'm unsure about what to do, because a lot of what has happened between them occurred outside of the restaurant.  I'll call the girl who left (L) and the girl bulling her (B).

A few months ago, B was messaging L through an app we use for group messaging.  A manager would ask for a shift to be taken, and L would respond.  Then B would messaged L privately and say something like ""You don't know that position so you can't take it.""  When L told me about it, I asked to see the messages B was sending her.  They were all things like this.  There was nothing like name calling or obvious bullying.  If I read it in the tone of a teenage girl, I could probably see it coming off as catty or rude.  So I met with B.  I ended up suspending her from the app for a few months.  I told L that if she hears anything more from B, she needs to let me know.

Now a few months later, I didn't hear anything else.  The two worked fine on their shifts together as far as I could see.  Then she calls and tells me she quit, but didn't tell me why.  I thought it was odd.  A few days ago, some of the other teenage employees asked to meet with me.  They said that B had been bullying L so bad, that L started cutting herself.  Recently we had a person who worked for us up until last year die by suicide.  It was very troubling, and many of our employees knew them personally.   It's easy to see that this girl B could be pushing L down a similar path.

The hard part for me as a manager is that I haven't seen any of this happen at work.  What these girls told me though is that the bullying was very subtle.  When the two would work together, L would be talking to someone, and B would just be giving her a death state from across the room.  Or B would interrupt L when she would talk.  It's nothing I noticed, because B would always do what I ask and have a good attitude.  These girls also said when they try to work with B, she gives them attitude and doesn't listen.

So now I am in a tough position.  I trust these girls that brought this issue to my attention.  They wouldn't lie to me about something like this.  At the same time, it looks like most of this bullying is probably happening off of our property via social media or school.  I try to maintain a safe, happy, and friendly work environment, but I can only do so much.  As much as I've worked with B, she seems like a nice girl, but I have had quite a few people voice their concerns about her behavior when my back is turned.

So at what point should an employee be held responsible for bullying, even if most of it happens outside of work?  Can catty behavior such as sarcastic comments and mean looks be considered bullying in the workplace?  I remember being 16, and emotions can run really high sometimes, so even little things like that could get to me.  What do you all think?"
I think if we're being honest with ourselves we've all had instances were we've been unduly unpleasant to people. Why do we feel the need to do this? Why does it often give us a vindictive sense of satisfaction?
Capitalism is inhuman. This is the best system we could come up with?
"I’m (27F) a small business owner of an essential business (butcher shop). We require all guests to wear face masks because we are also a wholesale food processing facility. Every day, the customers constantly berate my staff and myself for the face mask policy. Another customer screamed at me because I wouldn’t forge his name on a credit card receipt because he didn’t want to touch the pen. I’ve had multiple staff quit because our customers scream at them for our items being out of stock due to the meat shortage. Thus forces me to try to look for new staff to get trained who eventually end up quitting because they can’t take the customer abuse and fights. And they shouldn’t have to. 

I’m exhausted and burnt out. I’m trying to remain composed and optimistic for my staff but my mental health is deteriorating as the days go on. I literally think about work all the time and I dread opening because I just know I’m going to deal with some ridiculous situation. My employees have shared similar sentiments with me. It’s made my life miserable and I don’t know how much longer I personally can keep going on. 

I obviously can’t shut things down. But I need ways to decompress and boost morale so that we can endure until this coronavirus situation eases up. Any tips?"
[removed]
"I can’t wrap my head around it. The same people who constantly shout for independence and are completely motivated by self interest also support authoritarianism in the form of religion, politics, and law and order.

Their God has a plan and they have no free will, but also Don’t Treat on Me. How do they reconcile these completely contradictory values?"
"As the title above suggests, my stepdad (mid-50s) is a self-professed III%er, to the point he has the iconography tattooed on his arm and wears hats and shirts sporting the motif. My mom is a registered Democrat. The 2016 election put a huge strain on their marriage but they’re still together. I have been struggling for a couple years over this because I am the most left politically in my family, so it’s clear that I am my stepfather’s adversary politically speaking. I also struggle with confronting him because in the thirteen years I lived with him (I moved out after finishing college) I have struggled with being baited into debate, talked down on, and “drowned out” when my anxiety chokes me up. 

I tried reaching out to my local network of friends and acquaintances for ideas and suggestions on how to broach this subject with my mom but I didn’t get any feedback. I tried google, but most articles I find have to do with discussions around the holidays or how to detect and keep your kids from being recruited into the alt-right. 

Has anyone had success or experience in talking to a parent about another parent’s racism and/or dangerous ideologies? I don’t think I can put off this conversation any longer and I don’t want to broach this subject in the worst way possible."
"I've noticed that a lot of women need to put #No_ONS on their profiles. I also heard from every woman I went on a date with (through Tinder, Bumble etc.), that they had at least one experience where the dude expected to have sex on that first date. I can kind of understand that that's an ego thing, but damn its causing a lot of resentment of the online dating community and most women probably also give up on it completely after a week or two of dick picks..."
[removed]
"This applies, of course, only to animals who are capable of surviving in captivity."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Recently change phones from and IPhone to a Samsung s10 lite. Also have a 2010 renault clio, which doesn't have Bluetooth since its a slightly older car. Got an aux chord and the iPhone would play music perfectly fine in the car. But now the phones changed to the Samsung the music won't play in the car. Different jacks and aux cables haven't made a difference either.

If anyone knows how to fix this please comment thanks!"
Is it necessary that all art abides by the new socio-political standards?
"Originally, before data was available, it seemed everyone was concerned for their well-being and that of their loved ones. As more information has become available and COVID-19 does not appear nearly as life-threatening to many in society as was first implied by media. There’s widespread skepticism of the COVID-19 data shown in media (hospitals reporting deaths as a result of COVID to increase reimbursement rates, CDCs report from early February stating a lack of evidence of effectiveness of mask wearing, etc.). Clearly, there is much that’s still unknown, yet it seems many are quick to denounce those that question the necessity of the current measures being taken by governments and municipalities. It seems some or actually rooting for the upheaval of U.S. society from COVID-19, regardless of supporting evidence. If you are one of these people, what is your rationale for doing this?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"With the global middle class being more than half of the worlds population what are we going to do when every developing country enters the middle income trap and wages are too high worldwide. By the way this isn't far away the US took 70 years, China took 10 years, Thailand took 2 years and with manufacturing moving from china to India (boosted heavily by corona virus) most experts are saying it wont take longer than 1.5 years there and then essentially it will only be Africa left. Will globalization end?"
[removed]
"Basically we are living know in a age where authorities have given up prosecuting white collar crimes a time where companies have immense power and a time of very large inequality between the rich and the rest of society.

here are a few articles on the subject:

[https://www.huffpost.com/highline/article/white-collar-crime/](https://www.huffpost.com/highline/article/white-collar-crime/)

[https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/05/03/magazine/money-issue-white-collar-crimes-cheat-sheet.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/05/03/magazine/money-issue-white-collar-crimes-cheat-sheet.html)

[https://www.todaysgeneralcounsel.com/is-this-the-golden-age-of-white-collar-crime/](https://www.todaysgeneralcounsel.com/is-this-the-golden-age-of-white-collar-crime/)

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/business/hershey-nestle-mars-chocolate-child-labor-west-africa/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/business/hershey-nestle-mars-chocolate-child-labor-west-africa/)

[https://openmarketsinstitute.org/explainer/hospitals-and-monopolies/](https://openmarketsinstitute.org/explainer/hospitals-and-monopolies/)

[https://www.business-humanrights.org/en/child-labour-5](https://www.business-humanrights.org/en/child-labour-5)

[https://www.crfonline.org/orc/pdf/ref11.pdf](https://www.crfonline.org/orc/pdf/ref11.pdf)

[https://www.business-humanrights.org/sites/default/files/FTSE%20100%20Report%20Public.pdf](https://www.business-humanrights.org/sites/default/files/FTSE%20100%20Report%20Public.pdf)

[https://books.google.com.lb/books?id=bdANDgAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PT23&amp;lpg=PT23&amp;dq=list+of+companies+that+did+ecological+crimes&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=oZdhsQ4jMc&amp;sig=ACfU3U3Oav\_3rs0po7\_yErNAp9NCpoa2Bw&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi4n7ColrvpAhVH4YUKHbXBCKMQ6AEwCXoECAgQAQ#v=onepage&amp;q=list%20of%20companies%20that%20did%20ecological%20crimes&amp;f=false](https://books.google.com.lb/books?id=bdANDgAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PT23&amp;lpg=PT23&amp;dq=list+of+companies+that+did+ecological+crimes&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=oZdhsQ4jMc&amp;sig=ACfU3U3Oav_3rs0po7_yErNAp9NCpoa2Bw&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi4n7ColrvpAhVH4YUKHbXBCKMQ6AEwCXoECAgQAQ#v=onepage&amp;q=list%20of%20companies%20that%20did%20ecological%20crimes&amp;f=false)

Mostly authorities have seen that going after the rich is risky and do it mostly only when they victimized their fellow rich like Bernard Madoff.  Basically if a ordinary person scheme , steal or do any violent crime can be prosecuted but executives and CEO in position in power can do crimes that can hurt like wage theft or cannibalize their company and ship most of the intensive   workforce part of the company in nations where is little or no ecological protections and workers live in near slavery conditions. we had scandals with food companies Like Nestle being involved with coffee and chocolate farms in Africa using children slavery. Public regulator have become unable to control companies like in last Boeing scandal and being reduced to their red tape lapdog. you have a big problem where companies have become so big and so powerful that they dictate conditions to states , consumers , workers and politicians . By example , the forming of monopolies in several markets like healthcare and Telecommunication with little intervention of states to control them and even giving them legal protection.

we are living in a society where white collar nepotism corruption and crimes are seen as usual action and where social and economic inequality are on the rise "" the rich get richer while the poor become poorer. the current epidemic have shown how most people are venerable economically due to current system and unchecked power of executives and the sense that politicians are not accountable anymore to  the people. 

&amp;#x200B;

What are you opinions and thought about the subject ?"
and if so....what would constitute that label??
"It's a possibility that we may never develop a Covid-19 vaccine that is effective. There has never been a vaccine for any other coronavirus.

This is the worse case scenario. If it turns out this way, will we have to social distance and wear face masks for the rest of our lives?"
"I've been hearing about the five mods as of late, and apparently they are most likely crappy people. What is your take on the situation?"
Any time I experience a pain I can correlate it to a frequency and I always thought it was normal. I dont hear the sound it's just like I know what that sound is. Does anyone else have this?
"So, before I can even remember, I’ve been having this feeling like I was destined for fame or that I was going to do something big to change the world but I’ve been burying it inside ever sent I was a kid because I’ve been scared. I’ve never talked to anyone about this but I’ve grown to be curious about it..I’m not one who seeks the lime light but enjoy it when I’m in it.

Here’s the thing. I don’t know what that big thing is. I love singing and I think I’m good. I love animation but haven’t made enough money to get a good PC and learn about it. I love movie making but know nothing about it. 

Now I would say these feelings are different from inspiration because they don’t appear just after something good happens. They’ve been there since I was a kid, before I had real goals or dreams. 

Do other people have this feeling? Is this God telling me I’m destined to do something great? How do I figure out what that big thing is? What do I do if I don’t have means of pursuing this big thing?? Just curious what other think."
[removed]
"Firstly I want to preface this by saying as a Muslim i DESPISE the communist part regime and what they are doing to the Uighur's. I'm obviously not a fan girl of the US government but at least they'd let me practice my religion freely in there country.

Power wielded by countries is decided by 2 factors : economy and military.

First we have got to get rid of this myth that the USA has the largest economy in the world, that is absolutely false. Its only the highest if you use nominal GDP the only reason in economics we have the nominal figure is literally to divide it by CPI, if you look at every other countries economics media such as sky news in the UK they never use nominal because that is just determined by exchange rates the Germans just pre-Hitler had the highest nominal in the world larger than the USA because of their hyper inflation even though america clearly had the biggest economy.  China's GDP ppp is astronomically higher than Americas its nearly as big as the next 2 countries combined and has been since 2011.GDP ppp is what you use to look at the size of an economy.

Now we will talk about military. This myth really grinds my gears when i hear : the USA spends more than the next blah blah countries combined' this is only true in nominal rates. When adjusted for ppp china's real military budget is around 500 billion hey the USA is still bigger you might say but lets break this down even more. When most people think 700 billion dollars on military they think 700 billion dollars of tanks,planes,artillery and such. Wrong! I'm sure most of you know about the 900 bases the us has abroad well believe it or not it costs a lot to maintain them add in the facts that USA's  troops are better paid than China's that leaves you with a total procurement of weapons budget of 150 billion dollars at its peak under Trump. China spends 41% of around 520 billion dollars on procurement which is around 220 billion dollars. China is catching up very quickly.

Next you might think their weapons are crappy compared to ours. That is a myth the Chinese are generally considered to have a very high tech well modernized army with equipment that is practically just as good. Hey isn't there equipment old soviet equipment well believe it or not the M1 Abrams was made in 1978 and its just been upgraded over time. The Chinese Mbt type 99 can definitely rival American M1. Its funny when you see these Reddit comment assuming that Chinese tech is going to be as crap as all the made in china manufacturing, they are probably unaware that china is the only country to have hyper sonic missiles and even the USA and Russia are trailing. But hey doesn't china just steal all our technology so they don't have any innovation base well America stole tech of the Wehrmacht after WW2 as the Germans had significantly more advanced equipment and secondly china graduates 4.5 times as many people as america in stem every year.

Oh and this is a final one, they think in a war that the USA could invade mainland China. Modern war games show that an invasion of mainland china would be pretty much impossible : to the west there is Kazakhstan,Uzbekistan and the Gobi desert, to the north the Russians and Mongolia, to the south weak neighbors, India wouldn't join as it doesn't have the logistics to move soldiers across the Himalayas. It would be a pacific war. Also in a war with popular mobilization we would see a WW2 situation where china would be able to produce more planes than America has people, for historical context in 1939 the us had an army smaller than Bulgaria while the Wehrmacht had the largest most tech advanced in the world that's why Hitler thought the USA would take until 1970 to catch up. And the china's army doesn't have experience well neither did America's before it rolled over the extremely experienced Iraq army in desert storm.

Right now i think the Americans have a more powerful army buts its delusion to think it will stay that way."
"I’ve been slicing under my eyes and my wrists, been bleeding myself pretty good each night. Drinking a ton I am 23 should I kill myself? Yes or no?"
[removed]
"I'm fascinated in the subconscious and it's role in the conscious mind, how environments can influence the brain's shape/development, how habits and thought form physical neuro pathways, and the long and short term effects of psychedelics on our mind and perception.

I want to help people understand their own minds and disorders so they can live a happy life.

I want to learn how simple things like hearing someone say they're thirsty makes you reach for your own drink without even noticing.

Or how helping someone uncover the root cause to some bad habits or insecurities. Like how i got stuck in a tree in a wind storm when a child so now I'm terrified of heights unless i have a handhold.

All in all, I want to learn about the hard physical science of the human brain and how it makes us who we are and how we can alter our own programming.

I want to do this so i can hopefully help humanity learn why we are the way we are; and ways to remedy bad habits, trauma, and give non-neurotypical people a fighting chance.

What degree/schooling fits this?

Thanks in advance for your time."
[removed]
"So I was reading through some posts earlier on today and I got thinking about government reactions to disease epidemics. So there is a new disease, its not currently worldwide but localized study in the current ""hotspot"" says it is pretty contagious, although we have no idea how contagious at this stage. It presents almost no symptoms except, and here is the clincher, in \~50% of people infected it induces a permanent infertility, there is not enough data to accurately deduce how this 50% of people differ from the other 50% at this stage. Preliminary investigation in the hotspot has brought the following information which has been passed onto the relevant body for disease prevention although this is nothing more than educated guesswork: the disease is viral in nature, due to the warm climates in the hotspot it is thought to have some degree of heat resistance, its pretty contagious although its unknown to what extent. 

As this is a purely hypothetical discussion let us assume the validity of this model is watertight, this is not so much about the nature of the disease but the nature of government reaction. How would governments react? Would there be massive influx of funding for vaccines, studies and a possible cure? Would there be major studies about its ability to pass from host to host, how it effects patients differently, how it mutates, how it induces its one and only symptom? Or, given its lack of deadliness to its host would it be a more relaxed approach and take a back seat to other life threatening disease prevention? Would it be a case of skipping straight to a long process of finding a cure due to the nature of the disease?

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: A new disease has been discovered that induces permanent infertility in 50% of the patients it infects, its contagious, heat resistant and viral in nature but we know very little about it other than that. How do government health organisations across the world react?"
"In Sarah Hendren's talk [
Design for Know-Nothings, Dilettantes, and Melancholy Interlopers](https://sarahendren.com/projects-lab/design-for-know-nothings-dilettantes-and-melancholy-interlopers-eyeo-2016/), she describes finding inspiration from people whose lives defied easy classification. 

Jacques Cousteau is often treated as a scientist, but he considered himself an ""impresario of scientists"" because he had no formal scientific training or credentials and instead drove the efforts of scientists and engineers to help him with his passion for ocean exploration and science communication.

Jane Addams was a ""radical generalist"" who co-founded the ACLU and was an early labor organizer all while running a settlement house and providing services to the tenants as needs arose from social work to midwifery.

Who are your favorite examples of people whose lives were sprawling and lacked neat borders?"
[removed]
[removed]
I express this because he uses people like they are nothing more than objects. He emphasizes money over morals and has less empathy than a handful of cow paddy. I'd love it if you could prove I'm wrong. This does not imply the wrestling world is without fault but was the thing at the tip of my brain.
"Tl;dr [human birth rates are falling universally and globally](https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;idim=country:KOR:JPN&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:KOR:JPN:IDN:VNM:BGD:IND:BRA:USA:GHA:NGA:ZAF:PAK:DEU:NOR:POL:SWE&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=-284504400000&amp;tend=1482717600000&amp;hl=en_US&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false) and at some point in this century will mean a decrease of the world's population and the effects of this will/has been felt in stuff like pensions/retirement and so far noone has proposed any solutions other than increased immigration (whose amount is far from infinite and breeds reactionaries) and denying women abortions so what should we do to solve this? 

Should we just give people more free time and money via better working conditions and presume that will be enough for people to lighten up on parenthood?

Should we fund orphanages to be more like kindergartens and school to be more like daycare and make it socially acceptable to have kids without raising them? 

Should we just invest in artificial wombs so women can be spared from pregnancy and parenthood?

Should we even consider this a problem given that stuff like pollution and climate change is a product of human comsumption *despite* our current levels of inequality?"
"the current generation really likes to romanticise the idea of death and sadness and depression, and even being an asshole or having a chatoic/reckless lifestyle. why do you think this happens?"
"By which I mean two years from now, or whenever a vaccination is mass-administered.

I'm pretty sure corporation would be delighted at the opportunity to cut overhead costs. But there are other factors too, which is what I'm curious about.

Please answer this question only if you're either currently working from home/ are a freelancer/ have experience working from home."
"Is it a scam? From what I have searched there are no actual reviews of it. 

Thanks."
[removed]
"So something that I noticed for awhile is the loss of my inner monologue , I can use it to read or write but it's no longer there during the day when I want to plan or be motivated. For instance when I used to want to get out of bed inwardly I would tell myself "" I need to get up now"" , I used it to motivate myself during sports or to map out what I would do tomorrow , but now I don't have it and it's caused me to procrastinate and not push myself like I used to. (FYI I've never done any kind of substance or drug etc)

Does anyone know of a way to get my inner monologue/voice back ?"
"Are you supposed to call the cops, some other number/organization?


Can they receive burial and so on?"
"Title kind of explains it all. I currently live in Chicago and due to a whole emotional / self hating story in itself, I'd like to ""restart"" my life somewhere far away. I've been currently looking towards Texas and specifically San Antonio, but I'd like more options and ideas. I've currently just graduated college (22M) and work as a retail salesperson. I bring home around $2500+ (depending on commissions etc) but we'll call it $2500 total each month. Where would you suggest moving to and why?"
With India on the brink of industrialization because of global supply chains moving out of China and Africa the last part of the earth left to industrialize there will obviously massive emissions from these countries and its fair enough that they become middle class; why should only the west get to live in prosperity and luxury? I'm just wondering do we have any plan to deal with the coming boom of emissions.
[removed]
[removed]
"If adam and eve are the reason for the condemnation of mankind, how did they sin if they had no knowledge that eating from the tree of the KNOWLEDGE OF GOOD AND EVIL were a sin. They would have not been tempted because without knowing right from wrong temptation wouldn't exist. Seriously though if God created EVERYTHING in existence then whyd he create evil to begin with?"
[removed]
"(Some background here: I am from Nepal and dont really have any sides to pick.)

but i watch western media at times  and i have these questions to ask:

 ​  if every attempt made by china  to improve  the situation is dismissed as propoganda.

  what do you want china to do? 

china does nothing=China is not even doing anything to solve these grippling issues!  

china does something good=Propoganda 

 china tries to help other countries =Sinister ulterior motives. 

hypothetically if china decided to help the USA=The whole virus was started by them so that the americans would trust them. Wake up sheeple!

 ""According to the World Bank, more than 850 million **Chinese** people have been lifted out of extreme **poverty**; **China's poverty rate** fell from 88 percent in 1981 to 0.7 percent in 2015, ""

now you guys can call that propoganda too.

&amp;#x200B;

All i here is Fuck china!

now i want to hear how the fuck china can improve!

&amp;#x200B;

So my question to you guys is that say they made you the emperor of china tommorow(not the head of ccp; the goddam emperor).

Now you have all the resources in china and can change any law or policy.

what changes do you make to chinese society so that it resembles your idea of what china in your opinion should look like.

(remember that you have a population of 1.4 billion people)

(this is all in good faith. bored with my quarntime)"
[removed]
"Recently I found a subreddit of people dying. It was very disturbing footage. I was wondering if the human body does anything in these situations to avoid feeling pain? I don't want to get too graphic with my explanation, but let's say you are in a situation where you will die, very slowly. Does it reach a point where the pain stops? Or is it just hell until you die?"
"During the gilded age there were captains of industry/robber barons with billions and huge wealth inequality similar to we have now; global trade/globalization was higher than what we have now by 2%, immigration was high as it is now and the manufacturing giant of the US was surpassing the UK just as now China is surpassing the US. Just as China is doing IP theft so did Andrew Carnegie do to the UK and other titans of industry they literally say when went to the UK saw what they were doing and copied.  Also after the gilded age the income inequality was reduced significantly by strong labor laws and unions and the move to a domestic consumption economy just as China from the trade war moved from a 50% consumption economy in 2013 to 76% in 2018 factor in the coming cold war and cold trade ties they likely move into a fully domesticated economy by 2025. It seems clear to me that history is just plagiarizing itself here as it often loves to do."
"Or was this just social media propaganda? I remember Reddit, Twitter, and many people at school at the time freaking out and saying internet speeds will be slowed down and we’ll have to pay for social media and etc. 

A second question. Did that passing of the anti-meme EU article ever come to fruition? Has life been hard for Europeans online?"
"This is a redo of my [why doesn't Saudi industrialize thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueAskReddit/comments/fhiny6/why_dont_countries_like_saudi_arabia_diversy_by/). I understand that it isn't a particularly attractive destination to move manufacturing because of geography, weather, the resource curse and wages my question is is why don't they -with there boatloads of capital- build something similar to world leading universities, decrease their overblown military budget, build extremely good human capital move to a services driven economy that's based on consumption which is sustainable development, get people off of welfare checks and to stop relying on expats to make all of their capital goods. Am i missing something here as to why they don't do that?"
" 

I'm Indian and bilingual in English and Malayalam, but I've started to take up French seriously because I was infatuated with Albert Camus' literature and philosophical essays- and that infatuation with Absurdism steamrolled into an infatuation with French culture in general. Particularly bolstered by their incredible music which I'm bummed I didn't discover earlier.

Learning French will have no effect on my life (at least not in the environment I'm currently in) but as someone living in a country with 13 official languages and hundreds of regional variations of those languages, I know how much language affects the way people think and how many cultural doors open when you're able to hold a conversation in the mother tongue of the people from that culture. Which is why I'm picking new languages up- both Indian and Romance.

For those of you who speak at least 2 languages fluently, how much of an impact has it made on the way you think and perceive the world?"
"In response to the NYC lady calling cops on black guy but also a lot of other things. 

If you get accused of doing something heinous such as being racist or saying messed up stuff and Twitter and Reddit are at your throat, what should the correct response and apology be? Because it seems like all the time the perpetrator’s apology or respond is deemed not good enough."
"Right now I feel that I am in a pickle with a high paying job being extremely high stress.  Multiple large projects have fallen into my lap and I am trying to navigate business travel, work stress, home stress, etc during Covid.  Needless to say it has not been very manageable and my mental health has had a huge decline in the recent months.  When is enough enough?  I am curious to hear some inputs from others that have been in similar situations"
"Specifically, in regards to your moral compass! 

**Disregarding money**, what exactly pushed you into becoming a defense attorney? How does your moral compass impact your work, especially if you know for a fact they committed the crime but you're still trying to get them a lesser sentence? I'm assuming you have some semblance of control over the cases you take. Say you end up defending someone who murdered someone else... does it make you uncomfortable defending them? Do you feel bad about it? And if so, why take the job...?

I just find it difficult to wrap my head around why someone would be alright trying to make sure a murderer was released into the world *faster.* Like, how do you deal with that, knowing some family has probably lost a child and you're not fighting for them... How do you even distance yourself from something like that? And is it *worth* it?

This isn't meant to be judgmental -- I'm genuinely curious!"
"My father and mother came from poverty, (First Gen Mexican Americans). My father Literally climbed all the IT ladder at his job and is making 6 figures by 35. No degree, and he is dark skinned. Even though I don't have a good relationship with him I took on is work ethic. With no degree I climbed the IT ladder purely through studying on my own. I feel like my friends think it was all because of my skin color. I'm a Mexican with white skin. Sometimes I feel like its true but then again I was always motivated by my dads work ethic and hes not privileged and way more successful. All my friend are Hispanic and some of them arnt doing so good career wise. Should I not be proud of my achievements and trust me I don't go bragging about my job at all, just share excitement when I get promoted or get a new job but then I drop it after that."
I am not a scholar or very educated on the subject matter but it seems clear to me that it is far too easy to become a police officer in the US and a large problem with the current climate of police violence and brutality is the fact that they have not received enough training and are not even close to the experience of high level military soldiers. Would a raising of the threshold to work with the police help treat the problem of police violence?
"Americans are (in general) incredibly patriotic. We chant ‘America’ and ‘USA’ at every opportunity, repeat the pledge of allegiance in schools, wear the flag on our clothes and hang it in our yards. American exceptionalism is so strong that most of us genuinely seem to believe that we live in the best country in the world.

Has this attitude led to an inability to critically self-reflect? In our desire to be best, we seem to forget the huge social issues our country has. We forget the frequent killings of black men by an institutionally racist police force and justice system. We forget the massacres in schools by young males who gain access to deadly firearms owing to poorly regulated gun laws. We forget the opioid crisis fuelled by big pharma companies that benefit from addiction. We forget the benefits of a universal healthcare system, instead preferring a rugged individualism which leaves behind the most vulnerable in our society. These issues keep on occurring, and there is outcry, but then nothing changes and we move on and forget.

I’m not saying America is not a great country, only that our need to be ‘the best’ leaves us unable to deliver change as this would amount to admitting that things currently are not perfect and that other countries do things better than us."
Why is renting so unquestionably tolerated in society? It seems that our economic system would be far better off if we focused on having an ownership-only relationship with property. Am I wrong here?
"I always had myopia and recently I'm starting to get flashes of light which is likely retinal detachment. I already try to stay away from screens, but their screens are pretty much everywhere I go and needed for most things I do. I'm screwed."
"I understand that there is some red tape around filing a charge, that it involves paperwork. But I don't understand what more an investigation will reveal about the case, we've all seen the video. How can there be any question that those police officers killed George Floyd?"
"Let's say you had a batshit crazy parent and your sibling saw your history and told on you because they wanted to get you in trouble, is it bad to hold this grudge years later? Not hate them but just not trust telling them things."
" 

Just  to elaborate further on my question, I have heard it repeated many  times on the news by many different people that someday the student loan  bubble is going to burst because college tuition keeps increasing and  more and more people are going to college only to get jobs that didn't  need a degree to begin with. Many Economists are predicting a bubble  burst when all those underemployed graduates are no longer able to pay  back their student loans similar to the housing market crash of 2008.

Despite  the fact that guidance counsellors, family, friends and maybe society  as a whole ingrain the false notion that a degree is the only way to a  good job and good life, there is a small minority of ppl and employers  who are starting to challenge that idea. One I can think of is the tech  industry hiring people with no degree but plenty of coding projects  under their belts, but despite it seems that for the most part its  ""college or bust"". Like some districts rank their high schools based on  how many seniors went off to college and that number can impact their  funding.

I have heard some experts  say that since college graduates are a dime a dozen, wages will keep  stagnating, college will keep getting more expensive until we reach a  point where too many people default on their student loans. I have also  heard that maybe a crash like that is the shock therapy we need to stop  and think about whether or not a degree is worth it?

So  I honestly want to hear everyone's take on this whether you are an  economist, college student, college grad, or even if you never went to  college. What is going to happen after a lot of people realize that  college was not a good investment just like in 2008 with houses? Are we  gonna see more hiring managers go the way of tech companies and look for  something more meaningful than that ""piece of paper""."
"I tried looking up ""police liability insurance"" on google, but couldn't get a straight answer, or maybe I don't know the correct phrase to search for?"
"In my history class, the problematic nature of B.C / A.D was brought up and how the B.C.E and C.E replacement eras don't really solve the problem.

Dating things after a specific event is sensible when it comes to the creation of calendars but the apparent birth of Jesus doesn't really influence the world as a whole.

I saw a recommendation that time should be charted after the establishment of Mesopotamia, which was the ''first'' complex human civilization. That would make the present year 5020. Likewise, we can't absolutely guarantee that more advanced civilizations did not exist prior. 

If you could chart years after a specific event that was not the birth of Christ. What would it be?"
"Do you think anyone’s personality ever truly changes? Im talking about the parts of ourselves that we work hard on.

Examples:
-Can an arrogant person become less arrogant? 
-can someone who’s had low confidence become more confident?
-Can someone who’s introverted become extroverted?

I guess I ask because of my own personal experience. I always try to work on my faults, but, although my outward behavior changes and my thoughts improve, I find myself battling my issues whenever I’m in a state of weakness. 
Is this true for everyone? Do we battle our demons for life or will there be a time when we win and not fall into our old patterns when we hit a bump in the road? 

I’m not talking about serious mental issues. Just old coping mechanisms that we’ve had as children or habits that comfort us when we’re not feeling well."
"I guess I really don't understand why people are breaking car windows and looting businesses as part of protesting in support of minorities. How is attacking people in similar social standing going to help? Don't get me wrong, if you wanna burn down a police station, I get it. Destroy government buildings? Fine, that makes sense because those structures house what you are fighting against. I can get behind that but I draw the line at harming small businesses and bystanders. Anyone have constructive input?"
"I tried going to AskReddit, but was told I couldn't view the community, so I have come here for this question.

My question is the title of this post, so you can ignore everything else, unless you would like some context behind why I'm asking it in the first place.  
If you liked Trump, you'll likely like four more years of him. If you never liked him, you certainly aren't going to like four more years of him.

I tried having faith initially, but the more I see, the more clear it is to me that the man is clearly not fit for the position that he's in. Twitter going so far as to stand up to him and his trigger happy Twitter finger says a lot about the things that he says, at least in my opinion. I saw a post somewhere - either Reddit or Twitter - of a tweet where he said something about a lack of leadership regarding the mayor of Minneapolis, which someone noted as ironic, considering he's the leader of the country.

A leader of a country complaining about a lack of leadership in a city in the country they're in charge of is basically an admission of their own failure, and from what I've observed over the last four years, there are many ways in which Trump has very much failed.

So, to the people who were once all for Trump, but now want nothing to do with him, what was it that finally broke you and made you think ""this man is an idiot, and I can't believe I liked him once""?"
"While this is of course applicable to every nation, I think the current situation in the US is a good example of broad distrust in the authority. 
I don't want this to become a discussion about weather or not a specific police force is corrupt or not, but rather what measures should be taken to combat police brutality and corruption in general."
"The numbers seem to indicate that bleach and UV do work better than masks and lockdowns.
State|Cases|Deaths|Population|Deaths/1000 cases|Cases/1000 pop|Deaths/1000000 pop|Governor's party
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
California|90,631|3,708|39,144,818|40.91315334|2.315274528|94.72518176|D
Colorado|23,964|1,327|5,456,574|55.37472876|4.391766702|243.1928899|D
Connecticut|41,303|3,769|3,590,886|91.2524514|11.50217523|1049.601686|D
Delaware|9,066|335|945,934|36.95124642|9.584178177|354.1473295|D
District of Columbia|7,966|427|672,228|53.60281195|11.85014608|635.201152|D
Illinois|107,796|4,790|12,859,995|44.43578611|8.382273866|372.4729286|D
Kansas|9,719|208|2,911,641|21.40137874|3.337980197|71.43737844|D
Kentucky|8,571|391|4,425,092|45.61894761|1.936908882|88.35974484|D
Louisiana|37,040|2,560|4,670,724|69.11447084|7.930248073|548.0948992|D
Maine|2,109|79|1,329,328|37.45851114|1.586515894|59.42852328|D
Michigan|54,365|5,223|9,922,576|96.07284098|5.47891999|526.375409|D
Minnesota|22,947|967|5,489,594|42.14058483|4.18009055|176.1514604|D
Montana|479|17|1,032,949|35.49060543|0.463720861|16.45773412|D
Nevada|7,696|392|2,890,845|50.93555094|2.662197385|135.6004905|D
New Jersey|153,104|11,081|8,958,013|72.37564009|17.09129022|1236.99307|D
New Mexico|6,795|308|2,085,109|45.32744665|3.25882244|147.7141003|D
New York|359,926|23,282|19,795,791|64.68551869|18.18194585|1176.108598|D
North Carolina|22,725|737|10,042,802|32.43124312|2.262814701|73.3858937|D
Oregon|3,888|147|4,028,977|37.80864198|0.965009232|36.48568855|D
Pennsylvania|66,983|5,096|12,802,503|76.07900512|5.232023769|398.0471631|D
Rhode Island|13,952|597|1,056,298|42.78956422|13.20839384|565.1814166|D
Virginia|36,244|1,171|8,382,993|32.30879594|4.323515479|139.6875794|D
Washington|19,585|1,055|7,170,351|53.86775594|2.731386511|147.1336619|D
Wisconsin|17,707|568|5,771,337|32.07770938|3.068093234|98.41740311|D
Alabama|14,152|551|4,858,979|38.93442623|2.912546031|113.3983086|R
Arizona|18,465|885|6,828,065|47.9285134|2.704280056|129.6121229|R
Arkansas|5,775|115|2,978,204|19.91341991|1.939088122|38.61387601|R
Florida|52,255|2,259|20,271,272|43.23031289|2.577785943|111.4384929|R
Georgia|42,800|1,823|10,214,860|42.59345794|4.189974214|178.4654905|R
Idaho|2,626|79|1,654,930|30.08377761|1.586774063|47.73615802|R
Indiana|32,078|1,850|6,619,680|57.67192468|4.845853576|279.4697025|R
Iowa|17,213|449|3,123,899|26.0849358|5.510101319|143.7306392|R
Maryland|52,015|2,509|6,006,401|48.23608574|8.659927967|417.721028|R
Massachusetts|91,662|6,304|6,794,422|68.77441033|13.49077228|927.8199087|R
Mississippi|13,731|652|2,992,333|47.48379579|4.588727257|217.890188|R
Missouri|11,752|676|6,083,672|57.52212389|1.931728075|111.1171016|R
Nebraska|11,989|147|1,896,190|12.26123947|6.322678635|77.52387683|R
New Hampshire|4,089|208|1,330,608|50.86818293|3.073031276|156.3195171|R
North Dakota|2,365|52|756,927|21.98731501|3.124475676|68.69883093|R
Ohio|31,408|1,956|11,614,373|62.27712685|2.704235519|168.4120185|R
Oklahoma|5,960|311|3,911,338|52.18120805|1.52377524|79.51243283|R
South Carolina|9,895|425|4,896,146|42.95098535|2.020977316|86.80296707|R
South Dakota|4,468|50|858,469|11.19068935|5.204614261|58.24322136|R
Tennessee|19,789|329|6,600,299|16.62539795|2.998197506|49.84622666|R
Texas|54,509|1,506|27,469,114|27.62846502|1.984374159|54.82521205|R
Utah|8,260|97|2,995,919|11.7433414|2.757083886|32.37737736|R
Vermont|952|54|626,042|56.72268908|1.520664748|86.25619367|R
West Virginia|1,759|72|1,844,128|40.93234792|0.953838345|39.04284301|R
Wyoming|813|12|586,107|14.7601476|1.387118734|20.47407726|R
|||||||
Democrat states|1,124,561|68,235|175,437,358|60.67701085|6.410042951|388.9422457|D
Republican states|510,780|23,371|143,812,377|45.75551118|3.551710991|162.5103519|R"
"I bought an item from Amazon 2 days ago, and received an email yesterday saying that the seller for my order, was inactive.

I looked at the listing and it said it was out of stock, and that it will be in stock a few days from now, and the price went up.

So I checked the status of my order, and it says it’s shipped, and even completed a customs clearance process this morning, and there are new reviews on the listing from a few days ago. 

What would I do here in this situation, if I can even do anything? I contacted the seller yesterday and haven’t heard anything back yet. 

I guess I’m just wondering if I’m still going to receive my item? Or if I just have to wait it out a month, since it said shipping would take that long. I tried searching up things about it, but couldn’t find anything!

Any help is appreciated, thank you!"
"I've been haunted by this for a number of years. I wore blackface to a birthday party when I was 19, a decade ago. I must have known it was not OK, because I washed it off at some point and carried on with the party. Regardless, I did it, potentially to be provocative or for attention.

Since then, I've learned how absolutely not OK it was. I feel terrible for all the hurt that such actions cause people on a daily basis, made all the worse by reducing years of prejudice to supposed 'entertainment'. I made light of real, historic violence that continues to harm people to this day. I did a terrible thing.

I committed an act of racism. Now, I campaign against racism in all forms, and acknowledge that I will never be a perfect ally but believe it's important to try to be one anyway.

What can I do to make up for this? Do I need to apologise to anyone, or make a social media post about it? Is it right for me to ask for all photos me at the party to be deleted, or is it important that they stay online?

Thanks for your genuine and helpful responses. I'll accept any and all criticism of what I did."
"My friend has a pair of 1976 Levi jeans (bell bottoms). They have 2 leather patches on the waistband which feature the 76 Olympic logo. The jeans are in good or very good condition. 

Any idea if they would be worth any money? / How much should he put them on eBay for ?"
"To make a long story short, i have always tried to get a girlfriend but i have consistently failed. As some one that is 21 and has never dated , i feel like this would scare off a lot of girls the moment they hear me say "" yah, i have never dated anyone before"". I assume once they hear that, they start to think that I'm a desperate or creepy and that's why i never had a girlfriend.

Is there a way for me to tell someone i have never dated before without giving the impression of being creepy or desperate?"
"Good evening. I have my own reasons for asking this question, but it seems general enough for me to just put it out there and see what happens.

If you have the opportunity to do something, and that something can be legitimately good for you, how often do you just lack the drive to do it? And do you have any idea why you lack that drive? Is it just easier to do something else, even if it doesn't necessarily benefit you in the long run?"
"I've been thinking for awhile now, and maybe, 30 to 200 years ago it may have been very beneficial for a sparse population of 300 mil to not always have to rely on local law enforcement for emergencies, but in light of some of the riot footage, how tf are regular ass citizens packing more heat than the feds?

So I need to ask, what demons are you hunting that requires multiple kevlar vests and AR rifles?

I wouldnt even mind if there were reasons like being on a farm, being in a poor situation etc. But... these dudes have brand new looking vests, clean rifles, camouflage, and they're living in the middle of New York🤷🏾‍♂️ where do they plan on paying off they're incredibly insidious investments, cuz you may buy a pistol for protection, but your only buying a rifle to use it. 

Just the thought of my neighbor having an assault rifle terrifies me, but seeing the self-righteous, regular, old men with such weaponry is truly traumatizing"
"The way the news is being reported it seems like a polarizing police vs. citizens war. But I’m willing to bet that it’s not all black and white.

My question is to the people on the force that see all of this violence and maybe thought twice about it. How are y’all voicing your opinions? Do y’all have a safe space to even push back? What’s it like at the precinct these days? Do you feel pressured to do things?"
"I'm prompted to ask this after seeing a video of unarmed, unprotesting bystanders shot on their own property for watching and recording lines of police march down their street in full armor like soldiers in an army.

What can the average American do about the police and the absurd amount of power they seem to constantly abuse? Putting aside the alleged racism, you have cops all across the country blatantly violating various parts of the First Amendment. First, that clearly marked CNN reporter was arrested on live TV, then that (once again) clearly identifiable reporter in Louisville was shot at (once again) on live TV. In my own city, the police corralled up to that point peaceful but loud BLM protestors into a small area and gassed them (and TWO STATE REPRESENTATIVES) for seemingly no other reason than the fact that they were protesting at all.

What can be done?"
[removed]
[removed]
"In my country (in Europe) there has been talks of making the police wear bodycams. One of the objections has been that the right to not self-incriminate is a fundamental human right and the police don't stop being humans when they're working, and therefore they should have full control of the footage, including the right to not hand it over if it incriminates them."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"TL;DR: My family has been actively and horribly racist as long as I can remember, and it has finally reached the point where I have severed ties.

I'm a white, 31 year old male. My family is horribly ""southern racist"". They use the n-word with impunity (among other horrible slurs), then laugh at people (me) when I interject. They are the types of people who would beat my ass as a kid because my black friends would come over to play Legos. They punished me ""because black people steal"". I once wanted to do a middle school social studies project on civil rights, and they told me not to do it ""because I'm blessed to be white and not a n). I have been called everything from a n-sympathizer, to a n-lover, to a f\*g-lover. You name it, I've been called it. They believe white people hold dominion over others.

I have struggled with this for as long as I can remember. Over the last 4 or 5 years I have confronted this idea - when I love someone, I love all of them. The good and the bad. But racism/sexism/X-phobic is not bad, it's unacceptable. So to love them, means I accept the racist parts of them, and I DO NOT WANT TO. I teach at a very underrepresented school that is highly progressive and anti-racist; two things I strive to be myself. After some heated debates after I protested this weekend against police brutality and racism, I finally had enough. My mother told me I was an embarrassment, and that I could never handle the real-world. What she means by this, is I could not stand to live in complacency as a clean cut christian white racist boy. This disgusts her. I graduated top of my university, I have a Master's degree, and I am a USAF veteran. By all means I have accomplished many great things in my life, but I am an embarrassment to them. I have dreadlocks - this means I ""sympathize with N"" (whatever the fuck that actually means). People like me (anti-racist school teachers) are the problem with this country I was told recently. We don't know how to just shut up and let white people run the world. They truly believe that POC are inferior to them, and people like me (normal, NOT FUCKING RACIST people) are the problem; we want to disrupt the system. Yes. Yes we do. So I am moving to another state next month, because I took an AMAZING job with Teach For America, and I'm ready to leave all of this behind. I can't deal with them anymore. It's been 15 years I have actively hurt in my heart because I don't like the person I have to become to get their approval. 

I have come to realize that racism is racism, and it doesn't matter if blood binds you. My family is toxic and I have chosen to break the cycle. I despise them for so many things they have done throughout my life. You cannot have a conversation with them, they are so ignorant (and FUCKING MEAN), that they will flip it back around and call me an ""educated liberal pussy"". They live in misery. Always depressed and think everyone is out to harm them (thanks Fox News). So once my mom told me all those horrible things a few days ago, I basically said goodbye. For good. I can no longer passively ""love"" their horrible, old-world ways. I cannot listen to one more reason of ""I was raised this way"", or ""it's just my belief"" or ""Agree to disagree"". We agree to disagree on which type of pie tastes best, not on who's lives matter because of skin color. There is no place in the future for that way of thinking. I cannot bring that shit with me to my next chapter. I feel so free knowing that I'm done. I'm done passively condoning their horrible ways. 

Am I the only person who has ever done this? I need advice! They are destroying my happiness, because I HATE the person I have to become around them - a silent, nodding, obedient boy who know's nothing of the world."
"Lot of students want to learn(and experiement with) various subjects of their liking, but society (e.g the education institutions) decide who can learn specific subjects, what they can learn and when. No one can predict what an individual's future holds and what that individual will be capable of in the future. So should students be provided access to any subject they want to learn at any time and not be restricted by society in doing so?"
"I've been trying to follow the unrest against police in America with the killing of George Floyd. Despite the feeling as if this could be a turning point for police reform with the events leading up to the unrest and the pandemic exposing the shortcomings of the US government, I have noticed a few things. 

Firstly, it seems that the police are a lot more aggressive. This may be due to the pandemic but I believe it's trickled down from the attitude of leaders like Trump. 

Secondly, the lack of organized protesting, with specific demands and leaders who can be the faces of the movement. Additionally, more tactics should be taken and used. More aggressive tactics like sabotaging police logistics, using tactics like paint to blind police wearing helmets/masks, umbrellas to block tear gas, and laser pens (like other protests of Hong Kong) should be more wildly used. Other leaceful demonstration tactics such as boycotts, sit-ins, and using anthem songs (like with the non-violent protestors of the 60's Civil Rights Movement) can also be used to boost popularity of the cause with the public and also since many demonstrators are probably not wanting to be seen by the media as rioters or potentially be arrested. 

Lastly, even though social media has its benefits of spreading information and showing real-time news, the lack of people who have actual membership/affiliation with organized activist groups doesn't seem sustainable. It's easy to forget when you don't meet regularly with many others or an organized group to push for a cause.

Even with all the energy and buzz today, will the George Floyd Protests invevitably amount to nothing? Being a little older now and the more I learn about previous protests/revolutions, it seems like this  is panning out the same as previous movements like Ferguson, Trayvon Martin (maybe we can identify all these as Black Lives Matter movement) from the past several years and The Occupy Movement from a decade ago. Would be interested in hearing others thoughts."
"Hi Reddit, I really need some help dealing with a friend who has diagnosed Bipolar. I was friends with this guy for around two years back in high school in 2016 and 2017. Since then we’ve been out of touch until around a couple of months ago he hit me up. We even hung out irl and had a chat It was good to catch chat with him, and I was surprised to hear that he recently got diagnosed with Bipolar.. He was honestly pretty normal in High School so I was shocked to hear this. He was pretty normal back in high school, but it’s very possible his Bipolar stems from his dads anger management issues and he constantly takes it out on his son, but we will never know 100% what the reason is as it’s guessing with mental illness.

He’s come off his medication and he is on a complete high, grandeur sense of self type of thing that people with Bipolar experience. He constantly spams me message upon message every single day telling me every detail about his life and how he has discovered the meaning to success and all these crazy realisations. It’s just so much to deal with and it completely drains my energy as I do care about him but I have my own problems to deal with too..

I’ve asked him to please just stop spamming me and message less, I’ve tried nicely telling him he needs to find the right medication so he can just chill out (as he didn’t like the other one) and every time he asks for advice I try tell him what he should do but he just never listens, I think he just talks to me as someone to vent to.

Every time he messages me it puts me in such a negative mood.

It’s not only this but he also spams my other friend Sean constantly and it’s gotten out of hand, what should I do about this? I’ve honestly considered just blocking him and not talking to him ever again because it drains so much from me emotionally because I need to deal with myself.. but I also don’t want to be a dickhead friend.. what should I do?"
"I have been wondering how people convince single-issue voters that their view on a single issue is having a negative impact in respect to the many other issues out there. My mother is a great example of this, having voted for Trump because of her stance on abortion. I have no issue with her support of Pro-life, but since she essentially doesn't budge on this issue, she will then vote for someone who is doing harm in so many other respects (not withstanding the argument that a pro-life stance is doing harm as well)."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I do understand that in some situations, certain lives can be viewed as more valuable than others, but does that mean that any one human can be considered expendable or disposable? Whether it is essential employees, police, or military, and whether or not they understand that they are putting themselves at the forefront of danger?"
[removed]
[removed]
"The word has almost lost its meaning as you can pretty much use it for anyone who doesn’t share the exact same lifestyle as you, or someone with a tattoo they don’t like, or just a simple disagreement. It’s just cringe to see used now and seems to be a neckbeard or incel buzz word."
"I’ll preface this by saying I have no intent to harm anybody by asking this question, I’m just curious.

With these riots going on currently, what would it look like if people organized themselves and became violent towards law enforcement/government to try and start a revolution? I know the government would quickly call in the military but what would that look like? And is it possible the people would win? What then?"
"Over the past few days I've noticed protesters practicing safe distancing and wearing mask early on, to now, where it doesn't seem to matter. I truly worry that everyone that's attending these large gatherings are putting themselves at a very serious risk. I do understand the importance of what everyone is doing and I hope that change will happen soon but, what if the protest and COVID-19 cause an effect that still helps those individuals, groups, organizations, or corporations that everyone is protesting against? I keep thinking back to when COVID-19 started really impacting us in the U.S. and, simply stated, Trump was okay with people dying because it would still help the bottom lines of various organizations. I see everything that's going on with the protest as a way for them to still see these gains if everyone doesn't continue staying safe."
[removed]
[removed]
"I've seen a lot of pictures today of people, worldwide, protesting the age old atrocities happening in america. I've also seen countless videos of american police abusing their power and acting in some truly disgusting ways towards native protesters. Why, when there are currently only 3 countries on earth that america haven't invaded, are they not being invaded themselves? Why is no one in there giving arms to the militants? Why is there no attempts at a coup? Why are the countries with thousands of people flocking to the streets in protest of the USA's flagrant behaviour towards it's own people not preparing their armies to remove an obviously tyrannical leader from the so-called ""free world""?

I just dont get it."
[removed]
"With the corona virus pandemic and the manner in which Trump has responded its clear protectionism and economic decoupling will occur(especially with China). Counter intuitively this will radically decrease Western hegemony and increase China's as they will focus on domestic markets which will allow them to escape the middle income trap and become a self sufficient economy based on domestic consumption/services. Also in addition to that factor in that because of the decoupling from China manufacturing will move to India and Africa and because China isn't exporting as much countries can support their own domestic companies by putting tariffs on as it wont be uneconomical after industrializing which tl;dr means they will basically bulldoze through the middle income trap. This will essentially mean a countries power ranking will be based off of population when everyone has a roundabout similar GDP per ca pita which will make China/India first and The USA and the largest Muslim majority countries fighting for 3rd with south American, SEA and parts of Africa dominating 1-20 with European countries relegated to 20-30. Is this finally the end of Western dominance over the world?

In my opinion i think the true golden age of the west began in 18 June 1815 with the defeat of Napoleon. This is because until WW1 there was the great power games where one country couldn't be that powerful over the other which allowed industrialization,scientific research and of course colonialism. In WW1 Europe definitely took a massive hit to the new world superpower the US and after WW2 other than the USSR military there was no economy that could compete with the US. Post the fall of the Soviets the US enjoyed complete dominance over the world and power projection the Romans could only dream of crushing the 4th largest army in the world nonchalantly and crushing the economy of the former state that stood a chance against them using sanctions however there was something lurking in the background something which the West itself created : globalization.  The initial projections for China was that by 2050 at earliest they should be done industrializing however they did it by 2011. Whatever the USA did to industrialize they used the same methods but with modern technology and they showed as time goes on the process for industrialization gets quicker meaning by 2025 most countries should be bulldozing the middle income trap. As Kaplan says in his book this has been an anomaly in world history and the concentration of power should go from the Atlantic back to the Indian ocean in the future

So do you think the golden age of the west is over reigning from 1820-2020 the end of which was speed the hell up by coivid-19.

PS I know the formatting of this is horrible but i'm a lazy 17 year old and I cba to change it XD."
"My company had two employees pass away suddenly, and piled on top of COVID-19 and the racial and political tension in the country, other employees are really hurting.  Without a counseling background, how can I help?"
"Hold up! Don't get triggered... I'm here for clarification so read the whole post.

So scrolling on Facebook today I saw someone referring to the fact they had to explain that ALM is anti-BLM. I'll put my hand up and say to me ALM meant exactly what the words say, but I missed a memo somewhere and if there is something that doesn't compute with me it's ignorance. So fellow redditors help clarify why : ""All lives matter"" doesn't mean what it says. 

Cause afaik it doesn't matter who you are, where you come from all that matters is how you act. Racism is one of the most backwards concepts out there and so I don't want to support it out of ignorance (irony joke there)."
As I'm developing hobbies in quarantine I'm realizing there's far too many fruits of my labor to enjoy. Are there communities on facebook or other sites for trading homemade items?
"Im not the best at cellular biology, but i do sort of remember that cancer is a kind of physical damage to cells. And this damage seems to be caused randomly (other than through radiation) and such, doesn't seem like something that can be eradicated, or easily protected against.

IDK, maybe there are options like engineering our own cells to detect and kill cancer cells, before they under go mitosis. Or something like nanites, bacteria, or something akin to a cellular blockchain.

But those all sound a bit sci-fi to me. Which makes me think that cancer will continue to plague humanity for all of time.

For now it really looks like our best option is just surgery."
"I just watched a video where a black person explained why whites can’t and shouldn’t use it and why blacks can, and it makes sense.
However, I wonder if the black people still identify it as hate speech when a person of another race uses the N word. Such as it is observed in the South Asian lower/middle class cultures that they have adapted to the western black suburban culture and use the N word with the same endearment as blacks use it for each other. 
Is it still hate speech if not coming from your oppressor and not used in the context of hatred?
Feedback from black people will be highly appreciated."
"I mean, armed robberies, muggings, home break-ins, and regular shoplifting take place everyday and it's brushed off for the most part. Just treated as normal occurrence in life. But looting is somehow more ""disgusting."" I'm not justifying it, but I don't see how it's worse than those."
"Hello, I was wondering what the people outside of the U.S thinks of the U.S. So, if you can answer this, what do you think of the U.S?"
"People (myself at one time or another included) all too often can employ wishful thinking as a rationalisation for how they think about the world.

The first thing that comes to your mind might be various conspiracy theories; flat earth etc. But what about some other things?

For instance I have a friend who (and I'm not joking) believes that a government would work better if half of the representatives were children."
"3 years ago since I received messages from my ex. It's all about death threats and talking about how I should be raped. My ex and I broke up few months prior to that and I still haven't moved on because it was my first relationship. I had been having anxiety attacks in school and turned to my friends for support. I wanted to die, planned things ahead but I still couldn't do it because I didn't have the courage and was so scared.

I was never really diagnosed clinical depression but I knew something was wrong with me, I didn't have support at home and some of my friends were always making fun of me due to my appearance or they just didn't like me. Without emotional support from family and friends, I relied on myself to get better. I talked to counsellors, teachers and distracted myself on other things that made me have more confidence.

Everything was finally getting better. Then I found out one friend in my group, we'll call her **Jess (not her real name)** was flirting with my ex and I thought I should talk to her about it and tell her how it hurt me. She apologised and we became more close than ever. We were doing everything together along with our other friends such as sleeping over, eating out, partying, doing creative things, etc. We always comforted each other and knew almost everything about one another since we have so many things in common like ethnicity, creativity, shared traumas and a lot of other things. In short, I treated her like a sister.

Fast forward to 2017 when I suddenly received a message on Instagram from my ex, saying things like ""I hope you die"", ""I will rape you"" or ""You will be raped one day"" and a lot of nasty things. I was miserable and had so much anxiety from it. I told my friends and showed them the message in which they comforted me and were always there to support me. They told me to go to the police so I eventually reported him after a series of messages. The police helped me, they investigated, came to school to talk to him and he adamantly denied it. **Jess was always there for me, she consoled me, provided me emotional support and even told me she will punch my ex for being disgustingly horrible.**

No one understood my pain and suffering. I had to live through it alone. I decided to leave the country and stay in my home country to heal myself. The police took couple of months to trace the source location using IP address. **They located Jess's home address and informed me. All this time, she had been sending those death threats behind my back and made a fake account using my ex's name, while also comforting me.** I couldn't believe it at first and I was in complete distress. I told the police that I didn't want to get her in trouble and just entirely cut her off from my life including social media.

In those 3 years, I couldn't move on from the pain. Depression really sucked the life out of me. I tried studying again and was able go about my life as if nothing happened. But I still want to die. The impact it caused me was huge. It cost me my relationships with other people such as with my family and other friends. It left an empty void in my heart that no one could ever understand. On top of that, I was also dealing with so much insecurities and self-hatred.

The other night, I was having a mental breakdown and hurt myself even more by I stalking her account using my other account that she didn't block. She looked so happy and well. I envy her. While here I am, suffering in despair. She spent the last 3 years not knowing how I felt. I didn't talk to her at all after knowing what she did. My other friends also lost contact with her. As years went by, my grudge and hatred towards her grew even more. **I guess karma doesn't exist. I never found out why she did those things. Did she envy me? Why did she hate me? We did everything together but she secretly loathed me. I need advice. Please. What do I do? Do I message her as a closure to tell her how I feel and ask for answers? Or be silent forever?**"
[removed]
[removed]
" With the recent George Floyd incident, there has been an overwhelming amount of things I've been trying to sift though. Besides all the media, I also have friends and family trying to pull me in different directions. I've tried doing my own research, but it's hard to find the truth in the situation. At this point I just want to have as much information on the situation and base my opinion on that. Hopefully some of you can help me formulate my opinions a little better.

First off I want to say that the only thing I am 100% in agreement with is that the officers involved with the arrest of George Floyd were in the wrong. They are responsible for his death and should be held accountable. Where I get fuzzy on is how I feel about the police and the protesters. Let me go ahead and give some points that are on my mind.

I support the police. I think they have an important job to fulfill. Are there bad apples? Of course, just like any other profession. I've been watching a lot of videos on youtube of people who are/were police officers, and it's helped me really humanize them. They explain why police do things the way they do and why headlines can be misleading if you read them at face value. For example, a headline reading ""Unarmed Black Man Shot by Police,"" might be technically true, but you have to look into the details. For example, there is a black man in a car. Police have detained him and are trying to get him out of the car multiple times. He doesn't listen, and then runs from the police. They chase him where his car crashes into a tree. The police surround him with guns drawn and yell commands for him to show them his hands. He gets out of the car and is turned sideways at the officers so you can't see his right side. They yell for him to show them his hands multiple times but he doesn't listen. Then he suddenly jerks his hands forward in what looks like a shooting stance, and the officers shoot. He didn't have a weapon, so he was technically an ""unarmed black man,"" but the context matters more. He had multiple chances to give up and not get shot, but in the end I think that shooting was 100% justified. That's one example of a video I've seen, but I have seen a lot more like that. There are some videos like the George Floyd incident that go the other way, where no amount of context can justify an officer's actions as well. Still, I want to try to find the hidden context in each article or video to make my decision. With that kind of thinking in mind, here is where I stand on the protests.

First, I don't understand why the police would choose to be aggressive for no reason. They are under such heavy scrutiny, and they know they will be filmed anywhere the protests are going on. I think there has got to be a reason why the police are shooting people with rubber bullets and using tear gas. It's definitely a lose/lose situation for the police and protesters, but I think it's necessary. Here is how I run things through my head.

1. I see huge crowds of people blocking streets and congesting small areas. It seems rather unorganized to me. I think no matter the context, blocking the roads so emergency vehicles and traffic can not get though is wrong. In this case, police use of force is justified for moving people off the road using tear gas or whatever. There was a protest march the other day in my town where I saw a large crowd marching down sidewalks. A few of my coworkers went to it, and said there was no police brutality or anything. That makes sense to me because they were obeying the laws and not blocking streets.
2. The crowds are also unruly. If you have hundreds of people yelling curses and insults at you, it will put you on edge. If I was one of a few dozen officers vs. a crowd of a hundred, I would be scared. If the crowd looks unruly and is looking aggressive as if they will snap at any moment and come kill you, then I think it is reasonable to use force to pacify the crowd. Even if the protesters are technically ""peaceful,"" as in not being destructive or violent, their behavior is kind of a red flag of what could happen. Same way in videos where you have some suspect acting erratically and aggressive, that officer has to put his safety above the safety of that suspect, because if he gets killed, that suspect now has his gun. As above, the protest that happened in my town was just a bunch of people on the sidewalk holding signs, and they didn't seem to get hassled by police.
3. I've seen videos of ""innocent"" people getting hurt by police. People who were news or maybe just a random person driving by. Here is my thought. If you are in proximity to a protest that checks the above two points, then I think you are able to get lumped into that group. The police will view you as another potentially violent protester and act accordingly. One thing I am unsure of is if a random passerby could get caught up in a mess unknowingly. There is a video going around where a man was driving his pregnant wife, and he got tear gas fired at him. I wonder the context of that video leading up to the whole filming. If I saw a bunch of people in the streets or something, I would go around. I would take another way. The best way to avoid getting hurt is to just not be there and leave.

So in summary, I think that the way some protesters conduct themselves is triggering the police use of force. It's a lose/lose situation. Even if the crowds are technically ""peaceful"" and have no intention of violence, the fact that an unruly mob of people are blocking streets is enough to warrant force to get them to disperse. If they went about it another way, I don't think there would be issues.

Thanks for reading everyone. I'm hoping to have some nice discussions with you all to help change my opinions."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"For example, according to Will Emerson in Margin Call, people live like kings because the financial system works in their favour, even though the system is crooked. When problems arise, most people think they are innocent, and blames certain individuals on Wall Street."
"I fully support the protests and rallies happening right now and feel like massive and necessary change is happening.  But I really don't understand how protests happen, who plans them, how do you know of they are successful? How do you decide to plan for more tomorrow or next week or once a year?"
"Just to clarify, I’m a 100% pro black lives matter and I mostly have ‘left’ socialist views on subjects. But I do force myself to watch conservative media to try and stay out of the left bubble. Their argument for the George Floyd death is this: ‘The cops should go jail. What happened to George was wrong. But this has nothing to do with racism, this was just an aggressive cop.’ This got me thinking. How can you know for sure, which of these two scenarios is the truth? Can you proof it statistically?"
"Whenever i see a homeless boy on the streets, i imagine if i were in that position with the knowledge i have as a a college kid, how i would go about to get myself out of poverty. In the same way If you were a poor 23 yr old college student who is looking to get out of the rat race what steps would you take to make it happen"
"I have this image of ""**women cheating""**. I have been listening, watching stuff, stories from other my entire teenage period, where girls are cheating and having affair with other has stuck deep inside my mind. 

so when ever i imagine something like getting married in future. My imagination start to put stuff where my wife is with other guy. Imaging she sees me a dumb person, whom she can fool very easily and cheat on me with some other guy. 

Plus i have extremely low self esteem. I have been ignored my entire life and no girl showed any interest in me. I feel worthless and like ""i am not interesting enough or who would be interested in me or i am not worthy of love"". I am **TERRIFIED** if it comes true. I am afraid of getting hurt, i am afraid of getting abandon. 

**How do i change this thinking and improve my self esteem? Any suggestion or advice would be great.**

Thanks for reading."
Some people are just shameless in everyday life. What have you seen that shows that?
"In 2020, we saw:

- The U.K. officially leave the E.U.

- Record breaking wildfires in Australia

- Hong Kong finally lose its status as separate from China

- A global pandemic the world hasn't witnessed since 1918

- An economic downturn the world hasn't witnessed since 1929

- The U.S. have nationwide protests, riots, and confrontations with the police over the death of George Flloyd.

In what ways do you think these current events are signalling a direction of change for the world?"
"Before downvoting this post to oblivion, mind you, I am no racist, and I am not even from America. I just want to create a discussion on the current riot in America, which, to me, is absurd, considering the amount of looting and vandalism going on in the name of ""justice for black people"". 

1. I have been doing some research, and I struck me how ""bad"" black people are, statistically. [According to this](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2017/crime-in-the-u.s.-2017/tables/table-43), black people have committed more crime than white people, considering black people only accounts for 12,1% of the population of the US, while white people accounts for 72% of the population, yet the arrested crime rate of the two races are approximately equal. Specifically, 5 out of 100 black people were arrested for larceny theft, while only 2 out of 100 white people were for the same reason. Same goes for robbery, 10 out of 100 for black with only 1 out of 100 for white. Lower population but higher crime rate.
2. [Interracial killings in the USA statisics.](https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-09-29/race-and-homicide-in-america-by-the-numbers) There are more white people killed by blacks than blacks killed by whites in general. Homicides committed by blacks on whites reached nearly 600 cases in 2007, and fluctuates between 400 and 600 in a span of 16 years, while blacks slain by whites only peaks at 200 cases. It's the pattern that I have pointed out in my first argument: lower population but higher crime rate. [Most](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_6_murder_race_and_sex_of_vicitm_by_race_and_sex_of_offender_2013.xls) blacks were killed by black people (probably gang wars).
3. I'm being a little bit subjective here, but my friends who traveled to the US and settled there, told me stories of how the white communities advised them to stay from the black people, for it is the ideal place for crime to flourish. Not all, but many, many of them generally lives a messy lives, they don't keep their neighborhood clean, usually plays rap at high volumes into the night (my friend lives in Baltimore). Black people were born into the mindset of them being the outcast and live accordingly. They play the victim and don't even work, but expect to be paid. Taxes from whites are extracted to aid those who play too hard but don't work hard enough (talking of Obama aid). I think that is one of the main reasons that create the division between blacks and whites. 
4. 28 years ago, 1992, LA, [Rodney King](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rodney_King) was a victim of police brutality, whose case then spurred a similar protest to the current one in 2020. It quickly escalated into a riot, with thousands of people injured, killed, houses burned, shops broken into. Those blacks even robbed shops owned by BLACK PEOPLE. I am not for police brutality, but robbing people in the name of justice?"
"The total revenue of the cocaine market might be slightly less than it once was, but it's obviously still enormous. Pablo might have been making $10 billion a year at one point as its Godfather (equivalent of $25+ billion today). 

From what I can tell there is nobody on earth who holds such singular power in the drug market anymore. But I would be surprised if there were not a number of drug billionaires, and at least one worth making over a billion a year.

The ecstasy market on the other hand is considerably smaller, but if one was to hold a large portion of its total production and or export you might find some very wealthy people."
"Growing older has made some features and abilities that I always felt certain about to decline, and it pains me, so I can't even imagine how it feels to be pone of the beautiful people that make heads turn, and suddenly realise either that you lost your looks or that you need to work a lot in order to keep to the same level as before."
"Sorry if this doesnt make much sense, im new to this. But lets say that someone was put into a situation which made them humble (such as being poor, being abused, losing everything) and then they received something which contradicted what made them humble (like a homeless person coming into a large amount of money). Do you think they would be grateful for what they recieved and remain humble or become greedy?"
"I do not see the end goal of everything that is going on. My wife said people want ""Justice"" but i don't see what else people want; the officer lost his job and is being charged with second degree murder. 

In the 1900s they protested for equal rights to great success, but they had an end goal of equal rights. Rights is a controllable thing by the government, and can be enforced. As far as I can tell (and correct me if I am wrong please) the protests are because people don't like racism. Racism is not a controllable variable; it is how one individual feels about something. You can't change how someone feels, juat as they can't change how you feel. Racism is illegal as far as discrimination is concerned, and if there is a problem with that then it can be reported and dealt with. But Jim Bob on the street not liking people because of the color of there skin is not a controllable thing other than adopting a big brother system. 

So, I repeat my question: what is the end goal for all the protesting and/or rioting?

(This is a serious question, and no I'm not racist. I just do not understand what people are trying to actually accomplish)"
"# in happy longterm relationships, what resulting qualities or skills are more valuable than learning how to solve problems creatively?

**heres a quick example of sovling porbelms creatively:**

* before the laundry machine was invented, a big kind of a problem was girls didnt have much free time to do anything like develop hobbies or run for ceo prime minster president director aircraft engineering etc
* i dont know the history of the invention of laundry machine but automating this process of cleaning clothes  in total saved time for ppl in general
* this was a way of solving a problem that nobody thought about
* creatively = outside of what is the norm at any given point in time

&amp;#x200B;

in happy longterm relationships, what resulting qualities or skills are more valuable than learning how to solve problems creatively?

for example say the couple had the quality of cooperation, the question is why does that quality matter and what does it lead to? cooperation along with otehr qualities would lead to creative problem solving

* the end result of what things lead \[to\] is what are    **resulting qualities or skills**
* i cant think of a better phrase atm
* see [https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/asmvxc/til\_a\_harvard\_study\_found\_that\_hiring\_one\_highly/](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/asmvxc/til_a_harvard_study_found_that_hiring_one_highly/)

&amp;#x200B;

other possible options i thoguht about for things that are more important than solving problems creatively are:

* **being open**\- being to new thoughts, and new ideas (that are based on good evidence and reason ofc), but thinking about it, this actually is just one of the many prerequisites to being able to solve problems creatively
* **loving the ideals &amp; going towards the ideals**\- even if a couple had this if they didnt know how to solve porbelms creativly i dont see how this would be more important than solving porbelms creativly
* **initiative in starting new things**\- showing leadership stuff like that, umm i dont where i would place this in what is valuable, but its def not  more important than solving porbelms creativly
   * but maybe it actually is more importnt tho gotta tink abojt this one
* **compromise**\- ok this is really bad, and this is a large reason why solving porbelms creaitlvey is so much better
   * compromise = to give up something you care about and/or selfish about
   * compromise is really bad cos its \[not\] creating more value or more wealth in society, for example there's 1 pizza, to compromise theere's still gonna be 1 pizza at the end no matter, well i guess there'll be no pizza which is worst
   * or rent, landowners that rent from residents arent creating any extra value, the value is still the same at the end usually.
      * same goes the residents, they arent imporoving they arent making anything better
* **being thoughtful-** i dunn o what this word means its too vague and i dont know hwo to descibe it using words so there's no way to compare and see it was more important than being able to solve problems creatively cos i dun even know wat this means to be 'thoughtful'
* etc other things somewhere... duno where i put them..  cant think of anything else off top of mind atm

&amp;#x200B;

in happy longterm relationships, what resulting qualities or skills are more valuable than learning how to solve problems creatively?

pls link to good sources, or pls show/explain why its more important than  being able to solve problems creatively

if basing on experience pls mention examples and how long the expeirence was about for context

thx"
"I'm completely fascinated by the [golden records](https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyager_Golden_Record)  were put on the first two Voyager missions. What files, songs, pictograms would you put on another golden record?

[Here](https://youtu.be/ELnn9V01EiI) are the songs that are on the golden record of Voyager I."
"Personally i feel like our government is given too much power and because of that they thirst for more, and so i think perhaps setting a fixed income for them that cant be changed, fixed housing (like the military ig), and term limits in every branch which makes it so no one can serve more than a total of 12 years in any office. What do you think?"
"For example: Making your own guns, deciding to grow weed (for your own personal use), doing drugs, stuff that doesnt directly affect someone else unless they choose to have it affect someone"
"Current estimates are that the true case fatality rate for COVID-19 is somewhere between 0.5-1.0% based on serology studies, but that number increases by more than 10-fold among the older age groups. From the beginning it’s struck me just how dramatic the lock down of economies has been world wide. The cynic in me can’t help but think that this is a reflection of the high mortality rate among age groups that correspond to the politicians and business leaders who dictate policy. What do you think? Is this cynical idea unlikely, and if things were different and the the virus was deadly only for 20- and 30-year olds would we still have had such a dramatic response?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Brutal lynchings and executions of Black Americans is nothing new. It is sadly as old as this country's history. Yet, somehow this time White America seems to be responding differently than before. Much more solidarity and much less dismissiveness.

&amp;nbsp;

I can remember the time in my life when I heard of Trayvon Martin
because that was the first time in my life I had ever experienced living through such a high-profile case of an innocent person of color being unjustly killed. The public outcry seemed so loud that I thought something meaningful would surely change for the better as result of his death. Instead, we saw the pleas for systemic change ignored.

&amp;nbsp;

In the nearly-a-decade's worth of time since then, I can hardly remember the precise moments of my life when I first heard about the seemingly endless barrage of unjust killings of Black Americans. There seems to be so many, and each time the response is the same: death &gt; a gentle slap on the wrist (if that) &gt; requests for change &gt; crickets.

&amp;nbsp;

So when I first heard about Ahmaud Arbery, Christian Cooper, and George Floyd my response was naturally one of a fleeting moment of sadness and then one of suppression, hoping never to think about them again. Anything other than this kind of jaded response just results in much more pain when the same seemingly inevitable outcome is reached once again. I've effectively been conditioned into having an apathetic response anytime one of these incidents makes the news.

&amp;nbsp;

To my surprise, everyone seems to be listening now. Everyone seems to be paying attention. I certainly welcome this change in response from the public, particularly from White America. But why this sudden change in tone? What makes this case different from all the rest? I don't understand it.

&amp;nbsp;

In my view, tragic and gruesome as it may be, the killing of George Floyd is one on a far-too-long list of other innocent people being killed by police. What is making this point in history so unique?

&amp;nbsp;

Edit: Added spacing for readability, and spelling.

Edit: A brief summary of some of the responses that have stood out to me:

* u/Laurelwoodsong Nothing particularly special. The perfect storm of the right place, the right time, and the right publicity.
* u/winiray A phenomenon called 'the tipping point'.
* Younger generations having grown old enough to have a greater proportion of their voices heard.
* The sheer horrificness of the murder of George Floyd with indisputable video evidence.
* The response of more police violence toward people of all races at protests against police violence.
* A disruption of normalcy due to the pandemic, facilitating the ability of pent-up anger to be heard."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Do you have a trick/mantra or anything up your sleeve to let it not have an impact on your standard of living?
"Many europeans countries have a gendarmerie like the [French Gendarmerie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Gendarmerie), [Spanish Guardia Civil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_Guard_(Spain)), or [Netherlands Royal Marechausse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Marechaussee), [Italian Carabinieri](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carabinieri) or even to en extent the [Canadian RCMP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Canadian_Mounted_Police) ?

A Gendarmerie is defined as: A **gendarmerie** or **gendarmery** is a military force with law enforcement duties among the civilian population.

For example, the most notable one, the French Gendarmerie is tasked with areas of responsibility like smaller towns, rural and suburban areas, counter insurgency operations and riot control.

The closets the USA has could be the USCG and the Boded patrol. Merging the two and expanding its missions to fulfil land based operations **could** take a heavy load from local police forces and could let them do community policing and form bonds with the people they protect letting the gendarmerie deal with riots and heavy crime.

This could also end with the militarisation of local police forces since it being a national paramilitary force, heavy crime could be dealt with accordingly to the need to act basis, so no small local police would need an MRAP.

What's your opinion? Would it be constitutionally legal?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Many believe the U.S. is currently entrenched in information warfare. We also have the Internet where all it takes is one post worded the right way to make an idea go viral with people that *cannot* be convinced otherwise. I’ve been thinking about this topic a lot lately, and honestly, it’s something that *really* worries me and gives me anxiety. I know this is something that’s been around a while in some shape or form. Knowing that our government and many others were able to successfully stage coups, destabilize regions, and other things using misinformation makes me feel that it’s a comeuppance of sorts, but also worries me since it’s actually worked before. 

The problem is at this point, how can we even stop it? As we’ve seen, there’s people on all sides that can be convinced of something simply because a single YouTube video presents it convincingly enough. I myself try to vet information as much as I can, but I feel like it’s impossible to know what’s *really* going on. Hell, I’ve probably been bamboozled myself and I don’t even know it. 

Do you think this is the way it’s always been and it’s just being documented more now? Or are we heading down a path where things will come to a head at some point?"
"The real question is longer than the title suggests. 

I was reading about Principles For Navigating Big Debt Crisis by Ray Dalio, and he mentioned that an economic bubble happens when too much money was chasing after too little goods. Effectively, it also implies that incomes should not rise faster than productivity. 

However, what if rich people (or those who own overvalued assets) don't spend their ""profits"" and hoard them? Wouldn't that mean the real money that was circulated in the economy will still remain stagnant, people's income did not actually rise faster than productivity, and that the bubble will just result in an arbitrary growing wealth gap that wouldn't have any real consequences until the rich decides to spend them?"
"Hello everyone, I have a question. Why do many Americans consider Floyd's death as racism? Floyd was a drug addict, had a couple of walkers, committed 8-9 crimes, in addition to this, he resisted during his arrest. So why do many consider Floyd's death as racism if it was not the white or black people who died, but the criminal. Don't you think this tolerance is overplayed and wrong?"
[removed]
"Like it says through FAFSA Ive been awarded money for my 2 years at college, basically around $6,000 per year I think? Now I know for sure  no matter how many classes I take I'm not going to use majority of this money. I've heard that you can do whatever you want with the remaining money, is that true? Even then I'm getting graduation money as gifts and I still feel kind've bad on spending it, just never felt okay by spending a bunch of ""free money"" I didn't earn. But I do not have a car would it be wise for me to save the left over money and spend it on transportation fees, for the bus or an Uber. And also paying for meals during school. I do have a job, but I'd rather that money but to more personal use. So is it alright if I spend my extra money I certainly hate being in debt and wouldn't want to be stuck paying it all back because of a silly misinterpretation."
[removed]
[removed]
"To the best of my understanding, there's no such thing as US police. There are NYPD, LAPD, etc. So it seems that each city has their own independent police department with their own structure, funding, rules, recruiting etc.

And give recent events, I'm hearing that all polices in all US cities are under trained ""6 months as opposed to few years in other countries.""

Given that each police departments are independent, why are they all of them have low standards?"
"I was having an argument with my boyfriend about his wealth and status in his community and checking his privilege. For context, he is half black &amp; half white, and works in a career that is deemed to be ""lesser"" but has made a substantial amount of money to the point where is able to buy cars, houses, jewelry, clothing, etc. without a second thought. He is also very well respected in and out of his career. He is also not from wealth whatsoever.  

I said that he is privileged-- he said that he is not and has worked hard to live his life. The only way he would say he is privileged is when he works up to his wealthier clients status' (who are POC, btw) aka having TOTAL financial freedom. He also does not acknowledge the advantages that he has over the circle of friends that are not as fortunate than him. 

Basically, I am saying that yes, he was not born into privilege but he has worked hard enough to gain those privileges, aka he is privileged now with his lifestyle.  I pulled up a socioeconomic checklist and he checks almost all of them in regards to wealth and the advantages coming from that. However,  I've done my research now and I see a lot of definitions around the word 'privilege' and that it is unearned. Am I wrong to say that he is privileged because his wealth was not given to them? If I am, what is a better way to say that yes you have worked hard but you have advantages over others because you have worked to get to that point?

Also, he does not think he is wealthy because he compares himself to his wealthier clients when he absolutely has disposable income and access to things that ""normal people"" would never have. I still think he's delusional in that sort of sense but I want to see if I was wrong before I even address that."
"I've recently heard about this claim that apple juice will make your penis increase in size, i'm confused how such a claim could be made. What is the origin to this?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I was sitting on the porch with my wife listening to Tribe, ODB and various other hip hop artists from the 90s when the n word was being rapped. My wife suggested it needed to be turned off. I thought it was copacetic as we were not using it and the music is classic.

Fully supportive of BLM and are attending a demonstration this weekend.

Thoughts..."
"There are a lot of people who have it all figured out; what they’ll go to college for, what their dream job is, how they see themselves spending their lives doing one or two things for the rest of their life.
Then there are people who go with the flow, go with wherever life takes them and just end up in a place that they don’t mind being in.
And THEN there are people who like trying a bit of everything to see what they like. Who love learning and acquiring skills. They will try a million things and cross out a lot of them that they’d never want to do again or more of, but also end up with a lot of things that they enjoy academically and professionally. 
So the question is, is the last group basically a bunch of confused losers? 
Is it ever possible that they’ll ever do something significant with their lives, or are they just likely to stay mediocre at everything since they’re doing and learning a bit of everything? 
Is there a limit to how much they can be doing/learning simultaneously and be still good at it?"
I was walking outside and the sun was shining and I looked up and sneezed a few times. I realized I do this every time I walk outside. And its not allergies. My friend says the sun can't make you sneeze but I beg to differ. Does anyone else have an opinion on this?
"They say history are written by winners. But each sovereign state still have some authority as to how to teach history to their children. 

I'm aware that German schools teach children much critical thinking in general, possibly also when they teach history.

Chinese tend to teach their history in terms of not invading others, but have been invaded by many countries. 

Any other examples you can think of?"
Like it could have ultra realistic graphics and you can customize everything from the bed to your tools to your lady etc
[removed]
"Ok so here’s the story and I just want to know if anyone else thinks this is as weird as we did. So I’m not gonna go in to this part too much since it is a sensitive subject. My SIL has had some troubles with conceiving but they have only just started trying so there are still specialists to see and a lot of options since it’s so early on. So anyways, I’m on the phone with my MIL. All of a sudden she says “Hey I’ve been thinking about something... you know (name) could try another option... she could try artificial insemination... and have a sperm donor... how would you feel if she used (my husbands name)” I was so taken aback that I didn’t even react because my immediate thought is my husband doesn’t want a son nephew and I know for a fact my SIL doesn’t want to have her BIL kid. Is this absolutely as weird as I think it is? Also we have a son so he would have a brother or sister/cousin. There’s honestly a lot more to the story but my MIL said no this is super normal and a lot of people do it. To be clear we all said hell no and that she completely overstepped."
"1) A quick summary of the main points you wish to elaborate in your paragraphs is called ...? What is it called?

2) The purpose of what essay is to reach an opinion after analyzing the opinions of others ? ... Is it argumentative essay or is it something else?

3) A……………………is a sentence, usually at the end of your introductory paragraph that sets up the whole essay, can someone fill the blank for me?

4) How to paraphrase this sentence?; ""Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children should begin learning a foreign   language as soon as they start school. Use specific reasons and examples to support your position"""
The Papadio is just a pizza that's been folded in half. Change my mind.
"Never ever ever never plan to play any video games. Not even emulating game boy games. 

I listen to music, write, and create little unprofessional tunes in my room to relax. It would be nice if my ""monitor"" had built in speakers for cheap which is tv. 

The only issue I see from this blue screen light filter i like to use. 

I have done some research. I know it lags games but i dont play games so... Well that's the only issue i ever see brought up about this idea really."
"My son has  severe intellectual disability.he is 20  months  old.i did all right things during pregnancy.. If I had known his condition during pregnancy, I would aborted him with any second thoughts. It's rare genetic disorder. I am still grieving for the child I thought I would have. my husband didn't want to do anything with this.my in laws are blaming me for my son condition. I hate my son for ruining my life. I know he is innocent but I am not able to love my son and accept his condition. i just want to run away from this.i want to end my son and my life.i feel that's better option than bringing up my son in this cruel world. Parents who were in my situation what did u guys do to come out of it?"
"1. Can someone succeed and profit as a quant just by working at their own home alone?

2. How much does studying quantitative finance, like a PhD, assist a lone investor at home to earn a better rate of return? 

I know that even two Nobel Laureates ([Robert Merton and Myron Scholes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long-Term_Capital_Management)) failed at their hedge fund (Long-Term Capital Management LP) that got liquidated and dissolved in early 2000.

#Context

 A handicapped, legally blind high school student mooted this question, but his high school teachers aren't quants and couldn't answer him. His computer literacy is basic, and he merely regards and uses computers as a  life necessary like Interactive Brokers for investments, Internet, MS Office. He loathes computer science, programming, and any IT. To what extent does his dread of technology hinder his prospects in Financial Mathematics or Quantitative Finance? 

He doesn't yearn to be wealthy by first-world standards, much less a billionaire like James Simons or multi-millionaire, but he's thinking of studying Financial Mathematics just to make money at home. He's aiming to earn least 2 million USD so that he can buy a house and be financially independent."
[removed]
[removed]
Was just thinking how the heck can our Gov. Do Ubi when just to get 1 stimulus check out to everyone seems to be insanely hard for our gov.
"I'll lay out the scenario:

Your minding your own business sitting at a park bench, A jovial man comes up to you holding a large jar full of candies he exclaims to you ""Guess if the number of candies in the jar is odd or even!"" smiling he says ""If you guess correctly you get all the candy in the jar and this is the most delicious wonderful candy you've ever tasted!"" You look at the jar, You cant tell what kind of candies they are. He turns deadly serious ""If you guess wrong you might get shot, if you choose not to answer you might get shot."" Unnerved but just a little curious you ask him ""Can I count the candies since the stakes are so high?"" He says ""No"". You see no reliable way of determining the exact number of candies. He does not appear to have a gun and neither does anyone around you. What do you do?"
"I hope this question doesnt get removed or too hated upon. I just genuinely want other perspectives as someone who is realizing he may be gay. Do you think being gay is immoral, or contrary to a sane and healthy society or an indication of underlying mental illness or child abuse or low self esteem. 

Just curious, thanks. Most of my people i interact with would prob accept gays but find it gross and shameful"
[removed]
[removed]
"What experiences that you’ve personally been a part of shape the way you view discrimination in our society?  Feel free to list anything even if a minor or subtle event, as long as it shaped your perception

Were you a witness? On the receiving end? Or the one dishing it out (if you’re bold enough to admit)

For context, state your age group, the region you grew up in, your sex and ethnicity, and religion"
"During November of last year I had to go to a mental hospital because of depression and suicidal thoughts, and in there were a lot of schizophrenic people who were constantly talking to themselves and saying random things.

And now...every time I encounter a random person talking to themselves in public, my mind automatically jumps to the possibility of them being schizophrenic...even though I myself know this is probably an absurd thing to think. 

I even talk to myself sometimes, just not in public. Talking to themselves is just something people tend to do. 

But because of that one experience, I now associate it with schizophrenia...why though?"
[removed]
"So in light of movements such as BLM or MeToo for example, While their proponents are quick to assert that their respective demonstrations include more than just black people or women respectively, and that those were simply just the primary targets for abuse and that's why the protests are in their name. That in and of itself is great and noble to stand up to injustice but I can't help but wonder that it's not very practical to deal with the root cause, since those who dont' belong might feel excluded even when they suffer the same abuse and as a result it might be perpetuated against them for longer. The support for those people might be in some cases no more than empty words without any real follow through. So why do many reject the idea of standing to the principle rather than try to link it to a specific group ? for example instead of standing up for BLM, you instead stand up against Police brutality in general regardless the victim's colour. Then the image becomes a unified front against the horrendous practice and that you cant abuse your power against white people, latinos, asians etc because you would get just as much backlash as you would from BLM if you assaulted a black person

In essence it's the ""all lives matter"" applied in practical reality rather than only being used as anti BLM slogan."
"I recently watched an video on space elevators and it seems that the existence of a space elevator depends, to a large degree, on the development of nanomaterials which can provide the tensile strength necessary for a space elevator to exist. The successful construction of a space elevator would give a country a very significant lead in space exploration and, specifically, asteroid mining which could very easily be a trillion dollar industry. Though other problems with the concept of space elevators to exist (powering such an elevator provides its own problems) nanomaterials would also yeild massive benefits in areas such as infrastructure, energy, and even computer development. What other advances in technology (such as in nano materials) would provide the political or economic superiority for a new unipolar world to exist?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Your sentence would last for two years.

It's a corrupt prison where the average prisoner is a rogue street urchin. You neither have the money, nor the connections to be a 'privileged prisoner'.

You are physically weak, have rarely stepped out of your apartment. Your social anxiety is of another level.

On the plus side, you are in 20s, so probably can adapt.

How would you prepare yourself &amp; plan your stay there?

PS: It's an Indian prison (convict is Indian as well) which means little to no rules. The food is absolute shit (rice/flatbread &amp; flavored water basically) &amp; you have to sleep on floor like an animal."
There's a lot of talk about being allies but those conversations rarely talk about the how.
"Is it possible that our mental health will become even more directly related to our physical health than previously conceived and observed, I've noticed since lockdown my health has deteriorated and the only changing factor is the fact that my stress levels have increased, it follows that my physical health improves as a direct result of me taking my anxiety medication. As diseases evolve alongside our medicinal advancements and the mental health issues in the world continue to increase will diseases increasingly use this mental health deficit as a gateway into physical health in the future? Should we begin treating mental health as a preventative measure for physical disease. 

I'd be interested to hear people's thoughts on the subject, to clarify I understand and have been through the impacts of mental health and do not believe mental illness is any way less dangerous than physical illness but the relationship between the two is what i wish to address."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I've noticed that when I'm doing certain things, there is physical discomfort in some objective sense, but subjectively I'm totally okay with it and not bothered.

One example is gardening in the backyard in hot humid weather. Sometimes there were many mosquitoes and I had to wear long pants and a net. Other times it was in weird positions, like weeding under bushes, or having to squeeze through bird netting to pick fruit. All of that was okay and overall those count as good times. It's not like I was getting some direct pleasure simultaneously, because the fruits of those labours were enjoyed later. At other times in my life just being outside in hot humid weather would have been a bad experience.

Another example is hiking long distances in a beautiful location I like with sore muscles, and actually kind of enjoying the pain.

I've felt far more bothersome discomfort comfortably sitting in school waiting for a class to end. 

Is psychological discomfort more intense generally? I'm not convinced that this is always the case. Does physical discomfort become insignificant when I experience a sense of meaning in what I'm doing?"
"I've been on an anime kick, and I've been rewatching some of the old Studio Ghibli movies.  I want to watch ones I haven't seen, but I was wondering which ones you think are good.  Here are the ones I have watched:

Spirited Away

Howl's Moving Castle

Laputa Castle in the Sky

Nausica and the Valley of the Wind

Arietty

Ponyo

Grave of the Fireflies

Princess Mononoke

Kiki's Delivery Service

&amp;#x200B;

Of all of those, I probably say that Laputa, Spirited Away, and Howl's Moving Castle are my favorites.  I know there are more movies from Studio Ghibli, but I'm not sure which one to watch next that I would like.  Also, are there any similar animes or movies that I would like that are in the same theme of the Studio Ghibli ones?"
"I have a lot of missing work for my online classes and i need desperate help, I don't know if it's rude to ask a classmate you don't even talk to for help. I don't know if it's dangerous by the off chance they are going to snitch. Is it a good idea? It's a lot of work and I have a 2 days."
[removed]
"I've struggled with this a lot myself.  I'm a nerd, so this is coming from that kind of perspective.  It could be anything from a game, tv show, anime, club, or whatever.  

&amp;#x200B;

For me, I was really into this one board game.  They had a bunch of cool miniatures that you could paint and play with.  They had a few Kickstarters to help make the game happen.  I collected EVERYTHING for this game and was super happy.  Then they did one more Kickstarter, and they ran into funding problems.  My guess is they expanded too quickly with the success of their company, and they lost all the money.  It's been 5 years, and I still haven't seen any of my $500 that I spent on the Kickstarter.  

&amp;#x200B;

As you could imagine, the community turned toxic.  I was a big part of their forums, sharing pictures of my painted miniatures as well as engaging in conversations.  I wanted to do more for the community, such as help with playtesting and creating custom content.  After the Kickstarter turmoil, my love of the game just tanked.  I couldn't even stand to look at my entire painted collection anymore.  

&amp;#x200B;

It caused me a great deal of depression.  I eventually decided it wasn't worth it anymore and sold it all.  I have since reinvested that money into other games to fill the void, but I still regret what I did.  I let the few toxic voices get to me and just killed my enjoyment of the game.  I should have been happy with what I had, but because the company pretty much went bankrupt and people were angry, I couldn't enjoy the product anymore.  I was desperate to get it back, so I even found someone selling almost everything I had unpainted on ebay.  I bought it all back.  I was content for awhile, but then the nagging sensation got to me again.  I sold it again.  I told myself I'll never go back... but here I am longing for what I once had and feeling stupid for selling it in the first place.  

&amp;#x200B;

Honestly, there isn't much of a community or anything for the game anymore.  No official forums or facebook.  The company is still making things, but they haven't really made a dent in what was promised in that Kickstarter 5 years ago.  

&amp;#x200B;

Has anyone else gone through this?  How can you move on from trying to regain what you had in the past?"
"I say this on the back of major progressive wins and how progressive went from having 0/200 democratic  house seats to have near enough 10% of the house with the most followed congress person on social media being AOC. If you look closely at the polls Joe Biden is realistically Neoliberals last stand. Anything younger than a boomer in the democratic primary supports progressives berniecrats and it seems like the progressives are going to exponentially take over Congress as establishment candidates are falling like flies and ,quite morbidly, neoliberalism base support is literally dying off add into that many zoomers coming of age the prospects arent bright. These Berniecrats support massively decreasing millitary budget in favour of free college, healthcare act. Stopping drone strikes and primarily focusing on domestic issues like infrastructure and such.

On the other side of the spectrum the Republican 'deep state'/establishment  was pretty much destroyed by Trump in 2016 and another Mitt Romney/paul ryan esq candidate is highly unlikely to win a Republican primary.This is also why you see alot of establishment Republicans endorsing Biden . One of the relevant parts of their policies is isolationism like the North Korea move, telling NATO to pull its weight and isolating allies like Canada and the EU due to tariffs(something which the Berniecrats agree with them on)as well as making peace with the Taliban. 

Seeing as returning to isolationism/not interventionsm is the forward momentum for both parties what do you think the geopolitical effects are going to be and is China,Russia or even an emerging India going to snap up the former role of the US in the geopolitical world stage a stage in which the American people seem to be getting more tired of everyday."
[removed]
"You are on a boat drifting through the ocean.

You have been lost for days, death is approaching.

In the distance you see a shore, you paddle towards it.

On the shore there is a bearded man sat in meditation, next to him two wooden chests.

He opens his eyes and offers you one of two keys.

""The box on the right will give you everything you need to survive"" he says, ""food, water and means of protection"".

""The box on the left will not save you from death, but upon obtaining its contents you will die happy and be forever at peace"".

You take a key and with the last of your remaining strength you crawl towards the box on the left, open it and look inside.

What's inside?"
"I recently got in some heated debate about racism, hate speech, and freedom of speech. I live in Canada where hate speech is prohibited by law, of course the only ones indicted are the extreme-extreme ones; we don't jail people for picketing, ""go home ch\*nks.""

And I started to wonder if we treat racial harassment differently than sexual harassment. I think while different, they're quite similar in a way that they cause distress in the target party. And I think our culture is more open to protect racial harassment than sexual harassment. KKK rallies are a good example where the freedom of speech protects them, but if they had a, ""rape rally,"" I'm not sure if we would treat it the same way.  


I think that free speech should be protected unless when its core idea is to directly harm others. How do we draw the line if we're to legally indict someone for racism? Do we treat it differently than sexual assaults or sexism and if so, why?"
"The whole ""funny slav"" meme has basically turned in to unfunny racism towards Russian people that the point you here stuff like ""Russians will be Russians"" and ""do some krokodil in your dirty tracksuit"". It's really picked up since I'm the beginning of 2010 and I guess the entire political situation has made it worse.

It's just as bad for Chinese or Saudi people as well though"
"As an American who has experienced racial tensions my whole life, I am curious to understand how blacks are treated unfairly throughout the entire world. Is this all for George Floyd? Are blacks mistreated by police in all of the countries that protested? If so, why are blacks mistreated everywhere and is there anywhere they are not mistreated? I just cannot wrap my head around how widespread a racial/police brutality problem in *The United States* ultimately became for the entire world. Why do you think many countries are protesting this?"
Who has data and information on this?
"I once asked my ex if he loved his previous girlfriend (when he dated her ofc) more than he loved me. This was because I was sorta insecure about that particular girlfriend. The question completely bewildered my ex because according to him, ""you can't measure and compare two loves"". He vehemently kept telling me that he had no answer since he couldn't compare. I personally think that we can look back and recognize which person we loved more. However, I do lack personal experience when it comes to dating. Please share your thoughts redditers."
"With the demise of actual newspapers, how will future generations get historical information that can’t be as easily manipulated as digital media currently is?"
"I constantly think about the past.  My life isn't terrible right now by any stretch of the imagination, but I just kind of wish I had what I once had.  For example I sold a lot of stuff that I wish I hadn't, and I can't buy any of it back.  I feel it's really affecting my mental health.  I can't focus, and I constantly feel depressed because of stupid stuff like this.  I know that nothing lasts forever and I should move on, but I can't help but feeling this way.  How do you move past this?"
"Youth is always talked about longingly, generally old people missing their past physical prowess and quicker wits also in this day and age new technology and a rapidly changing world. Yet I'm 17 years old in the flush of youth and i just watch TV/anime, read a few history books, do muay thai and bjj (before quarantine), practice differential equations and revise angular momentum for upcoming physics and maths tests and check the news every so often.  I don't see how this time of my life is meant to be missed its : highly uneventful,boring and awfully repetitive. What makes a certain age the prime/ripeness of life and am I currently in it but just missing out on the fun or my life will get so stressful in the future that the uninteresting tedious routines of now will seem like heaven compared to the stress of work/bills/family. Either option sounds pretty bad."
"ok so this may be dumb or whatnot but I'm really stuck on it. I filed my taxes on march 17 and mailed them (I couldn't do efile on turbotax because I didn't have a AGI I think it's called). Anyways I got my state return by like March 27. It's been 3 months and I still haven't gotten my federal return, feel like it might be because of corona but I'm not sure. Anyone know why?"
"Buckle up kids this one is a long one. 
My fiance and I have been together for 4 years and every time we fight he calls me his ex's name or tells me I act like her. Even when he is completely in the fucking wrong. For example, he quit his job going on 2 weeks ago. I've been trying to be patient and not push him to find a new one because last time this happened it didn't end well. He also is a heavy cigarette smoker and drinks alcohol every day it seems like. I pointed out in an argument we had that besides all the other reasons not to smoke a cancer stick,being jobless with no income seems like a perfect opportunity to quit smoking since I will not buy them for him. This as you can imagine lead to an explosive argument where he said ""it's bitches like you and *ex name* always acting crazy af."" Then he left to you guessed it go to the liquor store. I am so sick of being called crazy and constantly being compared to an ex that is nothing like me because I work my ass off for everything I have instead of collecting government money and sitting on my ass. It makes me feel like I really am crazy. Is a relationship like this even worth it? I love him,I really do want to marry him but fuck I'm at my breaking point here."
[removed]
[removed]
"Most of the success quotes often revolve around people who failed, failed because they're making too many excuses, or have bad personality, etc.. Which is true *to some extent*, but with the overabundance of these quotes being posted and shared around in social media, it paints an unrealistic picture of a meritocratic life, which real life isn't. People fail all the time due to legitimate reasons: systemic injustice, other people's actions, accidents, and so on. Sure, there *are* people who undergo that and *still* succeed, but how many of them compared to those who failed? In fact according to researches, social mobility is going down throughout the years, for example. By making people's default assumption that failure is because the person him/herself is to blame, it erodes empathy and the awareness that the world simply isn't as just nor meritocratic as the quotes put it to be.

What do you think?"
"I've started logging my grandmother's laptop activity to a pretty granular level. Years of asking ""how in the hell did she manage this?"" has led me to this point. I've learned that most of her computer time is used to watch funny videos that her friends send her as attachments to emails that have so many ""FWD""s in the subject line that the actual subject is pushed well out of view.

Once upon a time, when the internet was less mature, email was the most accessible content-sharing protocol for most people. Old people took well to it since the parallel between snailmail and email made it easy for them to understand. Now though, we have much more sophisticated, and arguably more straight-forward mechanisms for sharing content, especially video. Everyone knows what YouTube is, and everyone knows how to share a link. So why does this insanely convoluted method of video sharing persist among the senior population? I'm putting this to reddit because the old people I have asked have all become defensive, assuming I'm attacking them for their preferred way of doing things. At this point I don't care about convincing anyone to do things the ""proper way"". That ship sailed a long time ago. I just sincerely want to know how this is still happening in 2020.

In order to rip a video from a web player, one would need to have specialised software to perform the task, feed the video link to one of the many YouTube downloading sites, install a browser plugin, or go digging around in the site sources in developer options to find the direct link to the video file. While none of these options take a huge amount of know-how, they *are* more complex than grabbing the link and pasting it into the body of an email, or using the 'share' options under the player.

Someone is going to the effort of downloading YouTube content, transcoding it to fit the filesize restrictions of most mail servers, and attaching it. Usually as an outdated format such as MOV or AVI. I need to know why this happens. Can anyone provide any insight?"
"What is postmodernism? What are its tenets? From the videos I've seen, I have no clue what it is?"
"Anything Apple, Ferrari, Gibson etc. vs. Xiaomi, Toyota, Behringer.

Best quality super expensive vs. pretty good quality for dirt cheap.

I'm just trying to generalize here, I'm aware that high price doesn't equal good quality. Was writing in my diary and this thought came up of people who hate capitalism yet buy luxury stuff and people who love authentic stuff but only buy dirt cheap assembly line stuff. Everyone is a hypocrite to some extend, the spectrum is just really big. Further thoughts are welcome."
"so anything good about the trump presidency is that it have shown the cracks , problems and corruption in the American System and the need for a reform  with the current protests in US and in other countries in support. but is US becoming  a failed state ?

so what is the difference between an failed state and effective one ?

\-representatives and leaders that actually represent their people and their interest and is accountable to them. in this area , lobbyist and personnel interest usually take precedent on people needs. and Corporation have a strangle hold on many politicians from both parties that even some suggested that US is a corporatocracy.  when people representatives are more concerned to fill their bank account then to serve the public then you have serious problem of corruption and decadence. 

\- a measure of meritocracy and a good social net to help citizen usually define a good democracy. Us had problems with minorities (in fairness most country with slavery past has this problem like Brazil and south Africa). in US , you have a really big problem of allocation of resources with companies profiting from globalization of trade while most people had stagnant wages and living conditions.

\- a effective country would have an independent Judiciary and press. both are under siege in present presidency. 

- a good middle class as well a good education system that insure critical thinking to electorate are a good sign for a democratic society. In US , we are seeing an impoverished population with more and more living from Pay check to pay check and education cost s rising . A population crushed by debt and economic servitude have a harder time to defend it's rights. 

\-usually in failed state you have a privileged minority that have more rights and wealth then the rest of the population  and would represent the autocrat base of support. in US , two categories could fill this description police and executives and companies with both having  an habit of  evading serious repercussion to their actions.

\-another sign of good health for a country is a thriving competitive economy . in this detail , US is failing with state protected monopolies in Healthcare , insurance and telecommunication which make life harder and more expensive to people while enriching a few .

\-Tribalism is a another dangerous sign of failing state where you consider the other parties as enemies and not as partner . and also loyalty to your party leader whatever he do. dividing and discriminating  people between ethnicity and culture is a way used by autocrat to remain in power and gain support.

your opinion ?

here is a few articles about the subject :

\-[https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/why-democracy-is-on-the-decline-in-the-united-states](https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/why-democracy-is-on-the-decline-in-the-united-states)

\-[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporatocracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporatocracy)

\-[https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2018/03/america-is-not-a-democracy/550931/](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2018/03/america-is-not-a-democracy/550931/)

\-[https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/06/14/to-save-its-democracy-the-united-states-needs-a-dose-of-its-own-medicine/](https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/06/14/to-save-its-democracy-the-united-states-needs-a-dose-of-its-own-medicine/)

\-[https://foreignpolicy.com/2019/09/10/democracy-is-fighting-for-its-life/](https://foreignpolicy.com/2019/09/10/democracy-is-fighting-for-its-life/)"
" If you look at my post history you'll see i mention topic relating to power economies of scale a lot and what often comes up in replies is that the USA spends more than next (x) countries combined this is such bullshit as its due to MER (Market exchange rates), I hope the armchair military analysts at CNN are not shocked by this but China doesn't buy steel mined in America which is significantly more expensive and hire more expensive engineers to build them in China. When you adjust military budgets for this China real military budget almost matches the US and less look at this more close the US spends a shit ton on salaries,pensions and healthcare for veterans plus those 900 military bases don't pay for themselves. 700 billion isn't spent on shiny new jets only around 150 billion is spent on procurement of weaponry china spends on the other hand spends nearly 250 billion on procurement, that is almost a factor of 2 China military in all but naval forces is set to overtake the USA in terms of tech and weaponry by 2030 its navy between 2049 and 2060. A navy is that last thing to build up as the maintenance cost are too high and it just isn't efficient when you also factor in the infamous cost disease the USA suffers from eg inefficiency and wasteful spending by the DOD it looks even bleaker. China also skipped 40 years of r and d and trillions by hacking US 5th gen designs and also Chinese engineers have shown they can innovate really well in fact up to 1/3 of STEM output is done by Chinese nationals. The myth of the US spending more than the next million countries combined needs to die out!"
Comparative advantage in today's global economy is basically one countries wages are lower so stuff is built there and sold to countries with high waged worker what will happen when everyone is making a wage such that comparative advantage is lost will protectionist policies be put on to propel domestic industries like post great depression?
[removed]
[removed]
 I have no idea if this is an extremely stupid question I barely know the basics of economics though I am aiming to study it in Uni but why don't governments in places with no developed housing like Africa or so build all the houses and then sell them at a very low fixed price with no intention of profit and when capacity needs increasing they simply build more. Also to not get a China situation where the majority of people own more than 1 home they can can put taxes on owning a second home this would allow people to spend less on mortgages and more on consumption. Again apologies if this is a dumb question.
"So as much as we wanna claim to be an enlightened adult society, the idea of genitalia being visually apparent is still a taboo thing and people always treat it differently. A man whose pants tented from a boner (regardless what caused it) would almost always get the stink eye from people he passes by or be shamed for having it. Similarly a woman who nurses in public, of has her nipples/vagina outlined through her clothing, she would also get a bit of a stink eye from the general public

like so what ? how is it any different from watching someone sneeze or working up a sweat from effort  etc. how come anything concerning genitalia has to be treated with such awkwardness and imparting a sexualization to it that might not even be the case at all ?"
[removed]
"I have always found this an interesting topic. I believe that love, whilst being a feeling too, is also an active choice (we show love through actions). So when we break up with someone, or move on, or even a friendship distancing of sorts, can the love just be ‘switched off’ as it were? I don’t think it is as simple as that. Does it change to an ache or a different kind of love which is distanced and made smaller or changed in some way by time apart? I think perhaps you may always care for someone when you have known all deep parts of them (at some point), but we can choose to evolve and grow into a different person and accept that whom you used to love has also done that too, so in a way, do we love a past ‘version’ of that person?"
"Please answer truthfully. Also, please add numbers next to your answers.

1. Are you a fan or not of classical music?

2. Can you name composers that you know (and who is your favorite-OPTIONAL)?

3. Can you name a classical piece from each composer that you know or just some.

4. What was the first piece of classical music you have heard?

5. Out of these 10 pieces, which of these do you know?

THE 10 PIECES:
-Fur Elise (Beethoven)

-Canon in D (Pachelbel)

-Moonlight Sonata (Beethoven)

-Rondo alla Turca/Turkish March (Mozart)

-Eine Kleine Nachtmusik (Mozart)

-Toreador March (Bizet)

-Ode to Joy/EU Anthem/Symphony 9 (Beethoven)

-Symphony 5/Fate Symphony/
""the dun-dun-dun- DUNNN"" thing (Beethoven)

-Toccata and Fugue/""the Dracula theme"" (Bach)

-Minuet in G (Bach-Petzold)
    
Thank you for your participation!"
"I am talking about that a\*\*ole in the office that nobody likes. Yet, they are still employed and make you want to quit your job. But businesses have no issue firing 10% of their workforce to balance the accounting sheets when they are in trouble."
"In places like China and Japan they are pretty normal. You wear a mask when you go outside in order to prevent stuff like pollution and more importantly disease from reaching you since you live with millions in close proximity. With the COVID-19 pandemic we are starting to realize how vulnerable we are to disease. Masks can help prevent not only the spreading of COVID-19, but also other contagious viruses like the flu, which kill 10s of thousands every year. On top of this,  if new diseases were to arise, it would probably help stop the spread of them before we even knew about them. Personally I don’t really like masks, personally they make it hard to breathe and I feel like people are a lot more distant with them on because they can’t read stuff like facial cues, but it’s not my place to say whether or not we should wear them or not, and this may be seen as a wake up call to prevent the spread of disease in general. What do you think?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"In the U.S. (at least in 2014), the top 1% own 40% of the wealth while the bottom 50% of the population own 1.6% of the wealth. 

There are fairly understandable/strong arguments as to why this level of inequality is harmful. But if we do want to lower inequality, what should our goal be?"
"If I am correctly interpreting [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classified_information_in_the_United_States) diagram (under “Terminology”) on Wikipedia, there was a big increase in the number of classified documents in the U.S. after 2008. Why?"
"The fact that Rey is Palpatine's grand daughter is little disturbing coz Palpatine had a son of Anakin's age so technically Rey, Luke and Leia should be of same age but are not, in fact Rey  and Kylo Ren are of same age. So basically Star War's producers have messed with the timeline and I've tried so hard to not to think about it but i can't help"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It really seems like so.
"This is kind of a childish story but please bear with me.

A colleague of mine at university told me a piece of gossip regarding another colleague (that she was secretly dating some guy). Honestly i didnt care much because it's someone else's life and i didnt really need to know who was dating whom. But anyway she repeatedly asked me not to tell anyone about it.

About 3 months later my best friend told me the same secret while we were just chatting. The girl who was dating the guy has told her (She was gradually telling people that she was dating, and it was not a secret anymore. So my best friend had no reason to keep it a secret) So i told my best friend that i already knew because my colleague told me. I usually discuss things with her as she's very trustworthy.

Yesterday suddenly my colleague asked me whether i told anyone about the secret. I told her that i didnt. But that my best friend told me first and then i told her that ""i already knew because you told me"" Then she was furious! She said ""i trusted you, how could you? I feel stupid for telling you. Why did you do that?"" I apologized and said that it wont happen again. I told her i didnt reveal the secret but that i'm sorry for revealing her name. I felt so bad because it was a slip of the tounge. Now she won't forgive me. And this is not a secret anymore because the girl and the guy have already told many people. I think this colleague might have heard it from someone else and thought i revealed it.

I feel hurt because she's putting all the blame on me. I mean she couldn't wait to gossip about the secret as soon as she found out and now she's shouting at me! I'm not even her good friend and she still decided to gossip about someone else's personal life with me. She's just angry because she got caught gossiping. A part of me is sad because she won't trust me anymore. But another part is glad because now i wont have to hear her useless gossip anymore. This colleague has told me several other secrets and i have kept them well. It hurts more because of this.

Do i deserve all this blame?"
[removed]
Something I can learn in a few months time...
"My wife and I run a small bakery, and we had a successful first run last year. We wanted to do it again this year. But with Covid, those plans were over-baked. 


Instead, we want to explore shipped orders and delivered custom orders locally. However, we only want to do this if we can be as eco concious as possible with regards to packaging. 

I am looking for any and all advice from people with a wide array of backgrounds regarding packaging types, suppliers, and methods. 

So far I have found a biodegradable cellophane type product from another redditor, but I am looking for more. In my own reading, I have found a company that makes packaging from Mycelium, or dead mushrooms, but they will not work for food safe portions, as they are water permeable.


If anyone has a crazy idea, or reusable, or something that has a clear advantage...I would love to hear it!"
"Progressive thinkers who understand the movement happening, what is the goal? What is the end result or where does it end? What real change would you like to see?"
"Also, why is it implausible that someone can have neither of these things but not be depressed?"
"I just woke up from a dream. In this dream, I was watching a movie. I remember this movie from my childhood, but I only remember watching it once, and not really understanding it, but it was really emotional and driving so I wanted to watch it again. I did everything I could to try and look up what this movie was called, only to find that it was never real.  
I was so sure that the movie was real, and even now I can't help but to think that it this movie exists, knowing full well that it does not. But it was only a creation of my dream. Does anyone know if this has an official name?  


Just in case I'm out of my mind and the movie is real, it was about a little girl (13/14 ish) and her younger brother (or perhaps friend or love interest). The girl is sick, I don't know what with. But she suffers from chronic blood pressure issues which leads to constant nose bleeds and bleeding in general. Towards the end she feels she and the doctors are finally overcoming the disease only for it to rear its ugly head and she finally dies in a hospital."
Please give feedback on my decision as I'm having an individual presentation next week and I wonder whether what I talk about can draw people attention or it's just a thing that everyone knows. Thank you!
[removed]
"I am asking this as a 24yr old daughter of a police officer and I personally believe that his profession has ruined him as a person, a husband, and a father.

I believe he has fallen into the many traps that officers can find themselves in and I am curious to know if you have experienced some of the same things.

He holds his 5 children to much higher standards that are impossible to meet. We are not allowed to mess up for any reason that would make people question his parenting or his position as a police officer. he would immediately make us feel guilty by saying “that’s embarrassing for me! How does that make me look as a cop!?” He has also threatened to get other police officers to come over and talk to is about our behaviors to try to scare us. It is as if we are extensions of him and we are not allowed to be our own person.

His entire identity is based off his profession. I have never thought very highly of his position and tended to ignore the conversations about police officers. I did not appreciate when he brought his work identity home with him. His only friends are people from the force. He came home from a shift and immediately watched cop shows and trump videos to which I left to go to my room. This caused us to grow even more distant as I did not praise him or give into praising the profession. He needed constant validation from his family which I did not care to get into.

He has become more racist. My dad was a closeted racist before but his racism is now amplified. He has said things about black people that I do not wish to repeat. I have had countless arguments with him about how his racist thinking is wrong.

Our problems became insignificant. I completely understand the stress that cops are put under and the things they may see are horrifying. it is understandable that our problems would seem stupid or insignificant. He did not realize that our problems were valid and also needed addressing. He would invalidate my problems by using other people he had met on the job as examples to why my problems were not that bad.

He cannot show any signs of vulnerability. He cannot stand to be wrong in any way. He will never admit when he is wrong or makes mistakes. I have confronted him about being a shitty parent hoping he would change himself for the sake of his family to which he points fingers and blames others for his actions. It has come to the point where I will not talk to him or argue with him. There is no point. 

I am 24 and have no relationship with my father. He has disowned me for having different views and some of my life choices. Has your parent in law enforcement fallen into any of these harmful traps? How has your relationship with them been negatively affected?"
"In my opinion social media has been a plague. In barely ten years it has destroyed so many lives, spread so many lies and gave hatred and frustration an outlet. 

I just want to see other people's opinions on this as I don't really think this is discussed enough."
"for example, what I happen to know of bronies and furries, while botj communities  have scary parts mostly they all are prettt chill. All places have their fanatics, and negstivity tends to spread more than good."
"I'm an adult in my thirties. I feel like I get depressed a lot. I've lost interest in things I enjoyed doing. Every day is like pulling teeth to try to be productive. People recommend therapy, but how do you get it?

I tried applying to Better Help, as there are ads everywhere on Reddit for it. I would need $250 a month, which is more than I can afford. I imagine in person therapy would be more. No health insurance, can't afford that either.

How do I get help?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
" 

In example: How do you celebrate your birthdays?

I  am a 18 year old european, who is by no means a big fan of alcohol. I  get drunk about 6 times a year and occasionally drink a beer ( or a beer  lemonade mixture ) at barbecues ( so like 3 times a year ).

But  I simply can not imagine how stale birthdays as a 17-21 year old have  to be without access to alcohol. I had some of the most insightful and  interesting conversations with friends while being drunk and also  reconnected with older friends on birthday partys after meeting them for  the first time in years. So how do you, fellow 16-20 year old americans  celebrate your birthdays ? Do you celebrate them the same way when you  were 12 , or do you simply ignore the law and drink anyways ?

Edit:  In my country it is also not unusual to not have birthday partys once  you get to 5th grade or so. People only start celebrating them again  once they get access to alcohol. Is it the same for you? I could  imagine, that waiting till 21 is just a bit too long."
[removed]
"COVID19 + complications, Black Lives Matter protests, police brutality, Hong Kong protests, Uighurs in China, Jeff Epsteins pedophile ring, Climate change + its complications, US political system, et cetera et cetera in global, country or local affairs.

There's so much going on, so many issues to care about that it becomes overwhelming. There's not enough time and energy in the day to read, research, advocate and act for all of them despite all having importance.

What's an individual's obligation to care for these issues and how does one/you choose what they actively support?"
"A human life is worth more than an animal’s, so would the logical step be to stop funding shelter dogs and put it into helping humans?"
Female friend referred to me as a lost puppy around someone of big importance to me and it jerked my chain. Should I confront her or just let it go
[removed]
[removed]
"I know many might have had similar experiences. Being disrespected, policed or bullied on internet is becoming more of a norm these days. I think sometimes dwelling too deep gets you into more trouble and you'll be sucked into so much negativity that will make you feel as though it's really bad."
"These days, it just seems more and more difficult in democracies for people to agree on ideas on how to improve life for everyone, and how to execute these ideas. There are all kinds of reasons for this, including the increasing partisanship along ethnic, class and religious lines amplified by various media, and it means that it means that positive change from the top is going to become more difficult to happen.

So I was wondering - maybe it's time to give up on the political process as an agent of change, and just focus on technology?

After all, if you can solve world hunger by making crops a hundredfold more productive, then you don't need to worry about politicians deciding what policies to enact to reduce food prices.

Or if you can solve the problem of climate change by producing machines that can cheaply suck up all the excess greenhouse gases in the air, with useful by products, then who cares if politicians can't get their act together to agree on limiting emissions?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I live in Scotland, I have a child and another on the way. I work a minimum wage customer service job and have no savings and no real education to have a career. I have a few friends in pretty much the same situation some with kids with no job some with low paying jobs and so on. We've all spoke in depth about owning some sort of self serving commune with the idea of farming among other things to make money and having sustainable energy. Obviously a lot more in depth than just that but this is allready going to be a novel. If the bank would loan us all a bunch of money to start that would be great but unfortunately not going to happen. So how do we start? What would we need? What kind of land would we need? What licences and permissions do we need? Any info on any of this would be great, I know its an unlikely pipe dream but even if it never happens I love planning it. Thanks for any help."
"I'm assuming this gets asked absolutely everywhere on Reddit but I've been scouring the internet and haven't found answers to my satisfaction so here I come everyone. 

A bit of background. I'm 15 years old (almost 16), male, overbearing parents and an unquenching hate for the 9-5. Daily life, doing the same thing every day, it just kills me.  
For the longest time, my biggest dream has been adventures. That's all I want, I just want to explore the whole world. It's so big, there's so much to see, and that's what I want to do. For the rest of my life, I want exploring and adventures and just to get away from the ordinaryness of daily life. I want something else. 

My question is, how. I want to live life like the big name explorers, Ernest Hemingway, Ibn Battuta, Marco Polo, James Cook, Christopher Columbus. Even fucking Indiana Jones. Obviously this is way less possible these days, but there's got to be some way, right? Some way to spend your life adventuring. That's all I want, jumping out of planes, climbing mountains, retracing the Silk Road, cycling across South America, riding motorcycles across the Atlantic, all of it. 

I've considered possible venues. Maybe getting a job as a zoologist, National Geographic, as a consultant, starting a travel blog, working freelance. Everything just seems unlikely, though.  
Help me out, guys. Please."
"Sordidly, on whom do you wish the Covid 19 infects upon? Why?"
If you could send a message to your 30-year-old self what would you say?
"I hade OCD and severe health anxiety, so as you can imagine this pandemic has been especially taxing on me mentally. 

I struggle to know how extensive my personal precautions should be.
I find it really easy to stress about everyone else in the house, where they’ve been and the potentiality that’s every surface is infected. 

It gets pretty stressful: I’ll go to disinfect a surface, then realise I touched the trigger of the spray bottle which others could’ve touched, so wash my hands; only to then stress about all the people who have touched the metal of the tap that I then have to turn off after I’ve washed them. 

Where does it end? I feel if the virus can live on surfaces like metal and plastic for multiple days, how far do I take these precautions? Because of my mental health issues I find it really difficult to know where to draw the line. 
I feel totally uneasy at living in my own house. Obviously everyone is doing their best, but with six people in the house it’s really stressful to know how far to go to protect myself and everyone else. 

Any advice? 

Many thanks."
[removed]
[removed]
Do you support it or not and why? Is there a different approach you would take to achieve a similar outcome? E.g. raising unemployment wages or a tiered system?
"Ok here goes.

My UK (tech) company is in the process of hiring for a senior position. The company is a small business, very friendly and we pride ourselves on being kind and outward looking.

Problem is: we're very white. We have very few non-white employees, and I want to fix that.

There have already been a couple of occasions where one of our non-white employees has pointed out that something in our product is a little... not *offensive* as such, but slightly off-key. The kind of thing that if there were more non-white staff would get picked up on straight away. I don't think anyone in the company is knowingly racist or intolerant: it certainly wouldn't go unnoticed if anybody expressed such views.

So quite apart from social and moral reasons, there's a genuine business case for more diverse thinking and viewpoints from a wider variety of cultures and backgrounds.

We've got recruiters who can advise on where and how to look for more diverse candidates, and hopefully we will be able to get some for interview.

What I worry about is that the interview panel: as similarly senior people, is also going to be all-white. I've been watching a programme airing here in the UK called *The School That Tried to End Racism* and it's (very eloquently) illustrating how white people subconsciously set up expectations based on the behaviour and culture of other white people, and judge negatively people who don't meet those expectations.

As a white interviewer genuinely looking to diversify the racial makeup of the company from the top down (for legitimate reasons, not as some misguided form of tokenism), am I doomed to end up concluding ""whelp, turns out only the white dude was right for the job!"" because of my unconscious bias?

Is there any advice anyone can give me to ensure I'm minimising the effect of my biases? Or am I overthinking it from the get-go?"
[removed]
[removed]
"I'm 18 and I feel like a giant loser. I've spent my entire adolescence fearful of the future and pining for the past, where things seeked hopeful. Most people graduating are celebrating their high school experiences as they move forward to their university of choice, but those experiences are scarce for me. I still feel as lost as when I was 12, like a blank slate with the future seemingly all ahead of him when adulthood is rapidly dawning and closing off pathways. I have some vague interest of continuing my education, knowing it's the ""right"" thing to do (and also knowing I'm kinda an academic type at heart, which rules out the typical redditor spiel about trades), but I just... can't be bothered to even enroll at a local community college. That would mean exposing my failures as a teenager of doing anything substantial. It would mean revealing that I am ultimately a useless person who has yet to demonstrate he has a right to exist in this world. I could be replaced with a drone and my life would play out the same, that's how zombie-like and hopeless I feel. There's no excuse for not doing anything other than being a bad person who is lazy and who should be simply forgotten about.

I wish I could erase the past. I don't want that to be associated with me anymore. I want to jettison all the negative habits that have lead me to become a loser. I want to become smarter, healthier, happier. I don't want to drop potential hobbies at a moment's whim when I feel bored, I want to show commitment. Maybe that'll make me into a fully formed person instead of a robot masquerading human. I also want friends, but real friends. Make real connections, not feel like an android mimicking them. All my life I've lied to everyone because I didn't want to be exposed for the monster I am, but how long can secrets persist before they devolve from teenage angst into monstrosities? I need to stop being self conscious ect.

In sum, I want to destroy the past and change myself into a completely different person. Maybe my genes dictate that I will always be a monster, manipulator, and a liability to humanity, but I want to save humanity. Maybe I'm in a euphoric mood (I tend to switch dramatically from that to kill-me-please depression so quickly) but I almost feel destined to accomplish something great. This alienation and suffering must have a greater purpose. Maybe I really am an alien. So I need to change myself to make sure I don't end up as another piece of nothing in this nothing world full of humans and human like creaturea."
"I'm sorta on the fence here. On the one hand if I wear it in I'll have to take it off to eat and that means I'll need to set it down on something potentially contaminating it. I'm a man so no purse, and it won't fit in my pocket.

On the other hand if I leave it in my car I'm not protected. Idk wtf to do"
"Seems like any group, no matter how good their intention, always ends up becoming co-opted by extremists who believe in racial superiority.

But... are there examples where this did not occur?

Furthermore, is racial supremacy in our nature?"
I have had problems with my teeth. Smoking for 25 years is part of my problem.  I've been thinking about  veneers for awhile but today was the first time I've done any research. I dont know anyone that has them. Do you like them? Was it worth it? Would you do it again? Have you had any issues with them?  Not sure if this was the right place to post this.  It is my first post. Anyone who has veneers I would love to hear your opinion.
"I have a friend who i tried to convinced to try an online game with me. They said they were not interested. Few months pass and said friend told me some people they met on twitter convinced them to play and by the level of their character you realize they played a lot. When i brought that up they admitted playing with those strangers this whole time. Feels like my words had no value but strangers on the internet had more.(bare in mind it's cool that they play with other peeps, but why was that hidden from me for so long?) Especially when said friend said something along the lines of "" you're good but It's more intense with other people"" recently. 

Am I being dumb or what?"
"People in my life are always offering to lend me certain items. I never ask to borrow anything. We'll be having a conversation and something will come up that prompts them to ask me if I want to use an item that they own. These items usually tend to be expensive. If it's something that I think I could use, I usually take them up on it.

What could be the reason behind this? It's a regular occurrence and I'm baffled"
"I'm a recent graduate in an engineering discipline in the UK and I already have an MSc lined up for this September, but I thought I'd see if I could get a job too so I'd have options. However I don't seem to really be getting anywhere with it (been looking for about a month now) and I'm beginning to wonder if as a recent graduate I'm clutching at straws?

Should I keep looking or just accept that it isn't going to happen and focus on prepping for my MSc?"
"Suppose there are two people with the same job, but person A works 40 hours while person B works 60 hours each week.
With a flat tax rate, person B will contribute 50% more in taxes compared to person A in order to balance out his 50% increase in income. (Assuming pay stays the same after 40 hours)
With the progressive tax rate, person B will have to contribute even more on top of the 50% increase because his marginal tax rate has increased.
Suppose person B wanted to grind out his hours and retire earlier. Rather than working 40 hours a week for 30 years, he would rather work 60 hours a week for 20 years. Due to progressive tax rate, the hours spent working past 40 hours will be taxed at a higher rate, meaning taxes incentivize him spreading his work hours over a longer period of time. Doesn’t this discourage people from making a personal decision to front load their work? Is it fair that both people will contribute equal amount of labor into the economy, but one pays more because he believes in delaying gratification by working more when he is younger?"
The answer is probably yes but the distinction between right liberals and left liberals seems quite blurry for me
The logic of privatising holds up in my opinion but not in the USA when it come to healthcare. Essentially if you make 100 k a year you can get taxed 40% of that and have a lot of public services leaving you with 60 k or it can be privatised and you get taxed 20% and you have 80k of dispensable savings and because of competition between companies  you will only pay 10k for those healthcare companies and thus leaving you with more money overall at 70k. For healthcare it seems though nationalising it would be cheaper as I have seen some drug prices that cost maybe a dollar to make be charged for 700 dollars. Why isn't there competition and a race to the bottom when it comes to prices for these?
"Right now I finished the 2nd year of High Year. Almost none of my friends actually try to contact me outside of school. Once in a blue moon, About 2 of them during this quarantine so far actually texted me and that was months ago. I honestly can deal with this until I actually think about it. They seem like a friend when talking to them in school. I don't know why I feel so attached to them. Maybe I should try to find new ones in College or something."
"I’ve been thinking a lot about society’s definitions of “success,” and I’ve wondered if the people who are conventionally successful (i.e., going to an Ivy League university or getting a prestigious job, etc.) are happier than those who aren’t. For some background, I went to a state university and now work a regular, typical sort of job. I drive a normal car, I have normal friends, and I live in a normal city. I’m actually quite happy with my life, but I sometimes wonder if I’m missing out on a higher level of happiness because I didn’t attend a top-tier school, don’t work at a FAANG (or equivalent), don’t drive a particularly nice car, don’t have high-powered friends, don’t live in NY or LA, and so on."
I feel like we’re in an eternal 1950s in this regard.
[removed]
" Up until I was 17 I was totally driven by the emotional moment I was in. I was a bit manic, happy one minute, annoyed/angry the next, sloppy, pretty lazy, untidy, and although I was an anxious person, I certainly didn’t have any worries/preconceptions about the person I was, or at least, no existential doubt that I’m racked with now. I essentially let it all hang out, and was in essence *totally authentic* (for better or worse). I wasn’t really interested in anything that didn’t give me immediate satisfaction, and had no times for books/films/music that didn’t immediately grab me. 

After doing badly in exams, I thought about readdressing my life, and looked to my brother for inspiration. He was the polar opposite to me in every single way imaginable. He was calm, collected, content, mindful, listened to albums and read books, he didn’t overthink, was pretty emotionally repressed, never talked about his feelings.

I was inspired by the person I saw before and dived into his way of life, mindfully reading books, and watching films/listening to albums all the way through, even if I didn’t really feel like it. I didn’t compromise my emotional values as that was really difficult to control, but forged a persona/identity on being way more mindful. For the past 8 years I’ve been like this, believing that this delayed gratification is a good thing. I began to tidy my room, something that my brother was good at - previously this was just something I was never interested in. Although there has been benefits of this mindfulness, (getting to bits in music/art/books that I previously wouldn’t have experienced) I have strayed into hyperawareness and hypervigilancy of me living this mindful life, almost *watching myself reading a book* (if that’s possible).  

However, now I’m totally unsure of who is the real me. What’s my authentic self? Am I a phoney? Should I strike a balance between my ideal self and my real self? This self awareness is destroying me."
"does the current System show the systemic mistakes and cracks in the US economic Model ? . Today , the United States is seen as a Bi-Polar country a country with such resources technology and expertise while a large portion of the population suffers segregation and poverty and living in debt. How did US end up here ?

this did not happen over night but since Reagan presidency , they have push to bust the power of employees to negotiate by busting Unions , devaluing work and delocalisation of industry. the Deal made by china long ago now seems as a deal with the devil where companies removed industry from US to china and other 3rd world country where workers suffer near slavery status and companies deal with less laws and over-sight. this in the same time , made companies rich but made a lot of neighborhood and communities poorer because they had less jobs , less saving and paid less taxes for local and federal states while companies minimized their Taxes.

the 90' until now was described as a greed leap in technological advancement and trade by a economist but  hardly as a time of progress. while companies became richer , the revenues of ordinary people stagnated while their debt increased. some countries who faired better then other say India had tried a measure of control on companies and tried a more fair distribution of wealth by social security and aid and programs for poor because being poor can be expensive on the individual and the society in general. in US, you have a big propaganda to persuade ordinary people that social programs and fair distribution of wealth is socialism while companies who get billion and trillion worth of bailout usually from crisis of their own making is Okay. 

the reason while the US administration and hospitals and schools and other institutions are hard time coping with the crisis , is you had a strategy from the right to dis-invest in government and institution and reduce it's quality . the reason US failed this crisis while other government like Denmark or Tawian had a good results is because they  had an effective administration and talented people see state bureaucracy as a good career. in US , you have a very acute and increasing problem of wealth distribution while companies pile up their share the ordinary people and the state are not given enough to invest in things as infrastructure (roads , bridges , hospitals schools , social programs ...).both state and ordinary people are living in debt . people are living on slave wages and in debt.

while in general Free enterprise is seen as the motor of economy in Capitalism , in Us the general opinion that it is out of control and is holding monopoly in several economic sector making life harder on citizens like Healthcare and telecommunication. the stock Market is completely detached from real economy and production and seems to live in it's own bubble on speculation. the problem now is a lot of bailot money is suspected to be used by company to buy back stock to  it seem you need another Teddy Roosevelt or Franklin Roosevelt to put things under control .

an acute unfair distribution of wealth in a nation is dangerous for any nation because it create social , political and economical instability and segregation. you can say you have two societies in US the rich one and ordinary people who now have little contacts in schools , recreation places or place of work and a disconnection of what the other think or need.  you have a real problem of devaluation of people work like Health experts and teachers and pilots. 

in just seems after this crisis , that the social-democratic system of western Europe is more stable and better in general for a society then the ""laisser-faire"" of free capitalism or what is called now wild capitalism. the current failure in US response and problems  is a starvation of middle class and institutions like hospitals and states from resources and a fixation on companies and the stock market."
" I hope this all makes sense. I basically feel like years of excessive introspection has left me hyperaware of absolutely everything in quite a negative way. This started off as quite a nice thing because it suddenly gave me this great self awareness of ‘doing things’, watching TV, having a meal, social interactions. I’m also hyperaware of the social roles we play in life, the social cues we give off to each other, if they’re authentic or not or learned from movies and the culture we engage with. I question everything and analyse everything, it’s exhausting. After a while, this newfound awareness just took over my life, and I struggle to do anything without being hyperaware of it. Sometimes this hyperawareness makes me question my own authenticity in doing things. I feel like I’m looking at a mirror reflecting my image back into another mirror behind me, it’s an endlessly ever increasing analysis of *analysis*. How can I focus outwardly and not on trying to deconstruct everything?"
Can y'all share some tips? Wanna tickle the funny bone!
"In the Polish elections, counting is underway but both candidates are giving speeches suggesting they're confident of victory. What's the benefit of them doing this? They can't influence the vote anymore and one of them's going to look pretty silly."
"There's evidence in report after report and study after study that demonstrates that while productivity in the American Economy pre-pandemic was up - wages had been remaining stagnant for decades. Combined with regular increases in cost of living and daily expenses has demonstrated there is a measurable decline in standard of living in the U.S.

To what degree does this pose a threat to American stability?"
"First time poster so bare with me 

So, I wanna see if other people experience this or if I'm really just consuming way too much alcohol. It has happened so many times where later in the night after a decent amount of alcohol is consumed (approx 15 standard drinks, probably more) I forget what had happened 10 minutes previous. Sometimes it's hours of time that have been forgotten. 

For example, I went out one night and as I was walking I looked down and realised that I had changed into a black dress when I was wearing a white one and it was the first time I'd noticed. I hadn't slept or anything in between that time, I'd just forgotten I changed. 

If I end up fighting someone (not physically obviously) I can be mid fight and have forgotten what we were fighting about. 

I black out a fair bit when I drink, however, I never feel drunk enough to experience the black outs. When I say black out I mean I can't remember anything, usually a couple hours are lost, but according to friends I act the same way I usually would when I don't black out. So we wouldn't expect it to be a black out. I have a fairly good tolerance to alcohol as I have been drinking since the age of 14, probably more than the average person, so 15 standard drinks isn't much to me. 

What I'm wondering is if this is caused by the copious amounts of alcohol I've consumed over time or if there is an underlying reason behind it. I generally have terrible memory, much worse than someone my age should. I know many people who drink so much more than I, yet are completely fine. I live in Australia, it's kinda a lifestyle.

Am I drinking way to much or is there a possible underlying condition I may have memory wise?"
"My personal impression is that they're mostly portrayed as the good guys, but I see a lot of people that often claim that ""they never show the good cops"" when talking about police (good or bad).

Since I'm obviously biased (as we all are) I've been trying to find studies on this but haven't been able to find any."
"I'm black person who lives in historically white eastern European country.

My parents brought me here as a child and almost whole my life I spent in Europe with only few visits on African continent.

Friend of mine, who is a kindergarten teacher ask me if I can come to class and talk a little somehow about racism. 

The reason is that, last few days white children stopped playing with black and mixed children because parents openly criticizing BLM movement.

I'm not sure how to approach the topic with such a young audience.

I was thinking that I would cook some African food, bring some traditional clothes and prepare some music.

Please, can you help me with some approach which I can you?"
"I am pretty real estate minded, so I have been thinking along the lines of that

I see an expansion of work from home which results in a reduction in office space being leased and also a movement out of high priced areas since you don't have a commute concern (this is mostly US oriented, but can apply elsewhere as well). I think this concept was already occurring but the virus accelerated it with the shutdowns and evidence showing that the work from home does not always result in lesser work production.

I also see an acceleration of online shopping and delivery as opposed to visiting stores. I see this resulting in a change to real estate in that more industrial locations getting leased and less shopping centers. I also see a change to the operation of shopping centers in that there will be greater demand for pickup so there will be changes to parking lots to allow for curbside delivery and maybe more drive-thru locations. Not sure how this will impact employment - will stores need more or less staff to handle the curbside events? I also think there will be a reduction in malls and the like.

I'm also thinking that roll-out of faster telecommunication infrastructure will occur. As work from home expands, areas will want faster service to attract residents. 

What else do you think is on the verge (or do you think I'm off base)?"
"So seeing an interesting discussion on CNN talking how the war on crime and drugs is used to suppress minorities and continue unofficially slavery by mass incarnation of minorities.

So in the talk, it started a 100 years ago when slavery was officially ended but law was used to incarcerate black people so they remain subservient to white manufacturers in north and white plantation owner in the south to remove any bargaining power they have and keep black minority in abject poverty. 

Then in the Nixon era , they launched the crimes against drugs and against crimes . It was aimed against the movement against war and the leader of civil right activist . It caused mass incarceration of minorities who weren't able to find good jobs and was supported by white majority who due to propaganda started to see minorities as linked to crime and drugs.

The result of this campaign can be seen today. As police concentrate on drug users to incarcerate then and not rehabilitate them and crack down on minorities . While in the same time , a lot if times big white crimes like bankers scamming thousand of clients or laundering money for cartels . Police consider themself warriors who fight crimes and battle communities that they should have served. You end up with an over-militarized system aimed at punishing people rather then offer social programs to help them. And a massive jail-security system that profit out of community misery like police targeting minorities for seizures and tickets. 


So your opinion on the subject ?"
[removed]
"I was trying to figure out the below question, but then stumbled upon a bigger question... 

What is it called when you use a word in a place its not intended? Ex. Using stupid, dumb or sick, etc. to describe something good, ""That dinner was stupid (or stupid good)!"" 

The bigger question is why do we as humans use things like idioms, paraphrasing, similes etc at all? What is their use?"
[removed]
[removed]
"Emotional Periods: Very Intense, You become highly irritated, Flood of negative emotion and thoughts, Increase in aggressiveness, limbs become warm(sometime), may last up to several days."
"It seems like no matter what the issue is, there will always be a group of people up in arms about it.

Why is that? What is going through their heads? What are they really trying to achieve? Are they just chasing that feeling of fighting for something (no matter what it is)? Do they actually believe in their convictions or are they just trying to go against the grain? Are these all the same group of people for each issue (anti-vax, anti-mask, climate change denial, etc.)?

I guess I'm just trying to unpack the psychology behind this phenomenon of people just wanting to be anti-current-hot-button-topic."
"This is one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do. I have a real difference between my intellectual brain and my guttural feelings about certain things. No matter how hard I understand and logically deconstruct a problem, my emotional brain and the effect it has on my body are strong and powerful, much more powerful than my intellect. Some examples below. 

&amp;#x200B;

* I know *intellectually* that no one in the world is ‘out to get me’, but my **emotions** are still on tenterhooks around friends whenever they something that I may interpret as them trying to undermine me. My paranoia rages even when I try to calm it from my intellectual, problem solving brain.
* I *intellectually* don’t care what the general public think of me. If someone says to my face, ‘I don’t like you’ I have no problem with that because it’s an absolute. However, the grey area is more scary to me, and I still get prickles of anxiety when I walk in public spaces. My **emotions** raging within, ‘what do they think of me? How do I look? Am I good looking to them’. 
* I know *intellectually* that I have just as much sex as anyone else out there, but **emotionally** I just feel like I’m missing out somewhere &amp; somehow.
* I know *intellectually* that my life is no better, no worse than most of the other people around me my age, but on an **emotional** level I feel inferior and that I’m missing out. 

How do I line up my emotions so that they follow my intellectual train of thought?"
"As I'm starting to accept that I am, indeed, an adult (27 fyi) I got more into the idea of having little daily things that bring joy, like putting on a ridiculous pair of shoes to cook dinner or crack random jokes at work (I work in retail... the days can seem long). Appreciating that putting on glitter and a good lipstick changes my mood is a life changer!

So... what are your little things?"
I not very knowledgeable on how data on Covid is collect and vetted. My concern is that the White House will be able to falsify data and we have lost the ability to trust in any numbers and severity of the disease.
"Please correct me if this isn’t the right place to post this, but I’m looking for some way to research things like taxes, medical care, and living expenses in other countries, especially european countries. Thank ya!"
Besides patreon
"For context, this came up on a forum that I frequent. A member had overstepped professional boundaries in their (emotional) relationship with a ten-year-old patient and was using the forum to vent about how frustrated they were about not being able to work their way into his life more. Their behaviors were very alarming and reminiscent of other predators on the site whose posts about their obsession with a child had gradually escalated to contain overtly abusive themes. I was very critical of their behavior in light of this - I warned them that this behavior couldn’t develop in a healthy way and was very likely to turn dangerous considering the OP’s desperate actions thus far, e.g. self-harm, working their way into the family, social media stalking. However, all of the other members jumped on me for “abusing” the poster and argued that since the OP clearly had good intentions (their posts focused on how much they loved the child and just wanted to be near someone they cared about), they probably weren’t a predator. Most argued that good intentions almost always lead to good outcomes and that the majority of predators pursue victims with what they *recognize* as bad intentions. OP believes that their intentions are good, ergo, they probably aren't a predator, and I was abusing an innocent person with misplaced suspicions.

Obviously, I don’t believe this is the case. All of the predators I’ve interacted with or observed, either in personal relationships or second-hand, have self-idealized and believed themselves to be profoundly good people whose actions just weren’t appreciated/understood. Hell, self-idealization is mainly how I recognize someone as toxic. With them, the emphasis is always on how much other people need them and how noble and powerful their own feelings are. One guy I knew who ended up semi-stalking me would actually apologize if he wasn’t able to track me down on campus and impose his company on me every day. Any behavior that is potentially criticizable is taken out of context, in their opinion, and they are incapable of acknowledging that their “good intentions” could ever lead to abusive or unwanted behavior. I’ve always understood this to be the primary pitfall of evil people - the inability to recognize their capacity for evil and the firm belief that their self-defined good intentions must lead to good outcomes, even when they are primarily motivated by selfish interests.

The response I received from other members was so overwhelmingly contrary to this belief, however, that I feel the need to seek out more opinions. The forum this came up on was for people with autism, which is a demographic that isn’t exactly known for their world-savviness. Then again, I could turn the same criticism on myself, even though I’ve had a decent amount of experience with predatory behavior. Reddit seemed like the right place to ask. So: are most predators the sort to linger in the shadows, rubbing their hands together and chuckling breathily over their evil plots, or are they more likely to be self-described saints who complain about a world that doesn't understand their profound sensitivity?"
"I'm in the fandom of a game/anime where the main antagonists are kids (think 11-16 years old). In discussions about things like their morality, something that frequently pops up in their defense is ""Their parents didn't raise them right."" 

I don't know about anyone else, but I don't think that ""Their parents didn't raise them right"" is applicable in every case of people doing bad things. I'm curious as to what everyone else thinks about the usage of this phrase."
"I'm in the fandom of a game/anime where the main antagonists are kids (think 11-16 years old). In discussions about things like their morality, something that frequently pops up in their defense is ""Their parents didn't raise them right.""

I don't know about anyone else, but I don't think that ""Their parents didn't raise them right"" is applicable in every case of people doing bad things. I'm curious as to what everyone else thinks about the usage of this phrase."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I just want to preface this by saying i'm a 17 year old jackass and please do correct any historical misunderstandings I have. The Mongols I think correct me if i'm wrong had a few traits come together at the right time for them to succeed and then conquer the world. They had the best horse archers with highly effective communication tactics and just happened to have 4-5 of the greatest military generals in history leading them. The Europeans happened to find the steam engine, discovered the new world which made them finally be able to compete with the far richer 'East' meaning everything from North Africa to Beijing and were able to latch on to the the knowledge of the Islamic golden age when the ottomans were in slow decline post 1683. In the 19th century they were able to the effectively build what I would call 'factory empires' in which the most powerful of these empires the 'British' had the 2nd richest area in the world -India and were able to extract monumental amounts of resources. 

Fast forward to post  WW2 the Europeans can no longer hold on the their empires and this culminated in the Suez Crisis where the US effectively showed they were the top dog of the Western world. I like to call this part 1 of Western Hegemony part 2 in my opinion is the US in which I think it ruled from ww2 to 2008. I say this as this was when the financial crisis happened  and around when China's economy by the most important metric (PPP) overtook the US. In my opinion we have very good reason to believe the dominance of the West is over and will be looked back upon as an anomaly like the Mongols as India is currently having an FDI boom and are following the same path that China did to industrialise but seeing as how technology advances industrialisation gets quicker as times goes meaning that by 2025 we will likely see India as the 2nd largest economy surpassing the US. Current projections are wrong as they just measure rate of growth by which China's economy should only be 4 trillion now, when countries industrialise they typically see world breaking wealth creations. Factor in that the US will be 3rd when it comes to economy their military is expected to be surpassed by China's by 2030 in all but the Naval forces as they are expensive to maintain so they'll just hamper other expenditures. 

Thirdly we should look at Europeans. They have an extremely ageing population that's bit slightly offset by immigration but they we will carry on declining. This is happening meanwhile all of their former colonies will be industrialising post India's Fdi boom after manufacturing leaves there like it left China this year as labour cost were getting too high. Countries like the Congo and Nigeria will see economic booms as they have large very young populations and high amounts of natural resources. When eventually GDP per capitas catch up which according to growth theories they always do power will be proportional to population and Europe will be in far of 25-30th positions. By the time that happens will the current 'golden age of the west' be seen as a historical anomaly like the Mongol invasions were?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Im a philosophy student going into my senior year. I've taken a metaphysics class which discussed the limitations of taxonomy is distinguishing between species, I've taken ancient, medieval, modern, and world philosophy courses in which various scientists and philsophers have speculated and argued about a defining trait of humanity. But, I'm not satisfied with any answers I've found to the question 'what is it to be human?'. So I ask you, what biological, psychological, physiological,  religious, sociological, philosophical or otherwise, definition do you give to your humanity? What is it that makes you human rather than an other animal? And how would you differentiate humanity from a hypothetical alien species which is capable of similar intellectual faculties as humans? 

Note: while this question is posed hypothetically this is a question which has had serious historical and contemporary impacts of human rights. The definition of humanity was once used to justify chattel slavery in the US and has been used time and time again to justify egregious human rights violations for subjugated peoples around the world. The answer to this question is not merely hypothetical and has serious implications for how we collectively chose to define the rights afforded to our fellow humans as well as animal rights."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"\*\*\* I asked this question in another subreddit, I thought I might find interesting answers here too so I reposted it. I hope that's alright.\*\*\*

In general, I find customers from the G.I. Generation and Silent Generation to be a lot more agreeable and collaborative, in some cases they can be slightly more tech savvy than their younger counterparts. When it comes to Baby Boomers and Gen X, there's this dark shift that becomes really angry. 

Sometimes with problems, instructions get misinterpreted and we need to start over from the beginning. It happens and it's okay, with the older clients they are usually really thankful and they apologize for taking time. For these clients I try my hardest to let them know that it's okay and I can stay on the phone for as long as they need, and in most cases I'm happy to because they're kind and I really want to help them.

With clients in the Baby Boomer and Gen X cohort, the call or interaction starts as an almost battle. I'm constantly interrupted or spoken over, sometimes my instructions are outright ignored and they sometimes say they've done instructions when they haven't or won't ask for clarification whereas the older generations would.

With Gen Z and Millenials, I sometimes get push back but they're never as mean or demanding as the Baby Boomers and Gen X clients. What I think the G.I. Generation, the Silent Generation, Millenials and Gen Z have right is that they are upset and frusturated at the problem but not at me. For the Baby Boomers and Gen X, as a support person or even in other service settings where I've worked I am treated as the problem right along with the actual problem.

Can anyone relate to this experience with working with people across generations? Are there any social reasons for why there was a sudden shift in attitude towards people in service positions and then a shift back with the millenial and gen z cohorts?

\*\*I would also like to note that there are kind people and not-so kind people in every generation. These are just trends that I've noticed working as a person in a service-oriented industry."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"First off, apologies if my topic title is in all caps. Even with caps lock off, that field changes everything to capital letters? Does this happen to anyone else?

As someone in their 30s, I do remember somewhat of a change in the way that sex is portrayed in movies and TV. Many older movie clips on Youtube that have to do with sex are flooded with comments like ""No way they would have gotten away with this nowadays"". Comments like that are made in a nostalgic, conservative way that almost suggests or implies that people are more sensitive ""nowadays"". That they really had more of an open mind, or were able to distinguish between movie behavior and how you should act in real life, and snowflake cancel culture safe space babies can nowadays only handle acceptable sexual encounters.

The first thing that strikes me is that these people generally (but not always), are the same people saying that our society is so degenerate nowadays because you can see two men kissing on TV, or raising a child. Or there can be a transgender main character. Things like that. All of a sudden, now, sexual portrayal that is even less explicit than their previous examples are too far over the line, and examples of a society in decline. Isn't it a bit contradictory to believe both things? That ""nothing is allowed nowadays"", but then complaining about what *is* allowed?

Secondly, I've never gotten a good answer to what people *were* thinking about these movies at the time of release. For example, I recently watched Blade Runner for the first time. There's a scene in there that to me looked like straight up rape and sexual assault, and is kind of never touched on again. I googled that scene, and found a bunch of articles that talked about the need to ""re-examine"" that scene. I also saw the usual comments about how the radical left is making everything seem like rape nowadays and how it's a shame that the movie wouldn't have been made in the creator's original vision if it was made nowadays.

So I'm genuinely curious. What *would* people in 1982 have thought about that scene? 

* Is it that it wasn't sexual assault, and that's just how you need to treat a woman? 
* Are they saying that they all obviously knew it was assault, and knew not to emulate it. But they think that simply ""banning"" or cutting out such scenes removes that ability to form the nuance in the audience? 
* Or in some cases, were they simply too young to really process ideas of sexuality and consent, but developed a nostalgia for the movie as a whole, and any attack on ""problematic"" aspects of the movie seems like an attack on their nostalgia?

Or could it be something else?

The last point that always confused me is that these complaints always ironically (to me) seem to assume monolithic views on culture and acceptability. For example, my grandparents and parents are pretty representative of middle/conservative social leanings. Kind of like ""silent majority"" types. They're not evangelically Christian, but to this point in my 30s, I have still never heard or said the word ""sex"" or any related concept around them. Boyfriends/girlfriends are not to sleep in the same room when over, that sort of thing.

When cultural critics talk about how ""ugh that scene in Revenge of the Nerds would now be panned if it were shown to today's snowflake audience"", to me it implies that it was received with universal praise in the 80s. Um, I don't think my parents or grandparents would have cared much for it, at least from how I know them. Sometimes I don't think these writers don't realize that a huge chunk of the US population (including old people then), maybe even a majority wouldn't have been ok with that. I think sometimes these people maybe saw these movies in middle school or high school, laughed with their friends, and have an idea that these situations were universally praised.

I've noticed that my family's sexual conservatism is kind of funny in ways - and they probably can't be the only family like this. For example, any reference to actual sex, even if between a married couple, is explicit and bound to make things very awkward. But for example this famous video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6Fe3cNWbQQ&amp;feature=emb_title
Would probably have made them laugh at the time. It deals with the issue of predatory men and pedophilia, but it does it with a veneer of innocence, since the host is only looking for ""kisses"". As long as there's nothing actively pushing you to think of a penis or a vagina, I feel like it gets a pass with that old school sexual conservatism. Or is my family the only one like that?

What do you all think?"
"Since the 2008 financial crisis more and more people are finding alternative ways to creat income/wealth for themselves independent from working a 9-5 job. Whether it can happen or not is yet to be seen but I curious what the affects will be if a large amount of the population are able to achieve it. Examples include but are not limited to social media (YouTube, onlyfans, instragram,etc), investing, fire millennials, sharing apps (Uber, postmarked), and any potential future example that doesn’t exist yet. I’m interested in how employers will respond, does this help or hurt entitlement spending, and it’s affect on the overall economy."
[removed]
"The Law

https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/currency_12772.htm?fbclid=IwAR2KMKsZuouKoJr9B1RikKVRsfmzj6CE2qIi2M896QJ7RN6WeNmX6xZdJJI

A Snopes article on the subject

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/legal-tender-payment/?fbclid=IwAR1CWBRl2aJNoiHaWfoB4loD0bBfxguXjtaQtnzm_by6lhKMzpYbtNYvVy0

Setting aside the bigger ramifications of an every-man-for-himself monetary system, how would societies function? For the sake of example, who would decide that 1 Monopoly dollar is worth 3 Chuck E Cheese tickets? Is a system which trades only labor and goods, but no currency, even possible?"
[removed]
[removed]
"So recently (on a friend's recommendation) I've been trying to note down details of when/why we get into an argument/fight, strictly in an attempt to find some sort of pattern/correlation, NOT to use as ammunition in later fights.

The ultimate goal of this would be to avoid having these fights in the future.

However this feels slightly wrong to me so what are your opinions on this?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"The inspiration for this post comes from [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueAskReddit/comments/hmczxh/time_to_focus_less_on_progress_through_political/fxgxy17/) that I made on another thread:

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;What if there was technology that enabled John Doe to create a world for themselves as he liked it? Should there still be a need for him to be involved in politicking to persuade others to do what he wanted, when instead, he could just avoid the stress and just move to his ideal world? 

&amp;#x200B;

On the face of it, the ability to create your own world - thus leading to a universe of infinite worlds - sounds great. 

There'd be fewer conflicts - if as a conservative / liberal, you didn't agree with the liberals / conservatives in your area, you could just move away to your own world and create your own conservative / liberal utopia.

It would also be a great way to find out which society was the most sustainable. If your conservative / liberal utopia outlasted your rival liberal / conservative worlds, then you could claim victory in the ideological wars!

It would mean an end to arguments about immigration. Far from being seen as undesirables, immigrants would be eagerly courted by various worlds looking to boost their populations with people to grow their (initially at least) sparsely populated worlds.

It would ensure government accountability. Fed up of corruption with your world? Move to a world where your taxes end up doing what they are supposed to do, rather than ending up in a government official's pocket.

&amp;#x200B;

But I see issues as well... it would probably lead to worlds where people were more intolerant and fearful of outsiders. It might even lead to the rulers of such worlds justifying a takeover of other worlds, on the basis that the conquering world was superior to the conquered world.

&amp;#x200B;

What do you think? Would this be good or bad for humanity?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I really want to hit the off button on life (so to speak), but am open to some good alternatives :)

Any suggestions?"
"I know that “objectively good” is almost a logical fallacy as there are always people who disagree with a policy, but I’m looking for any neutral and undeniable improvements he has brought to America in his time in office. 

I personally am not a supporter of his for my own reasons, but I do understand a lot of conservative perspectives and why they voted for/support him. 

With that, I’m just not sure how Trump objectively satisfies his supporters on a political level, it’s hard to find non-biased information. It seems people are more interested in his persona than the job he’s doing.

Everything is really emotionally charged and I’m looking for borderline boring, neutral points of things he’s actually gotten done 


For example of a point I’m lookin for, a financial advisor friend I know said “he’s an insufferable person, but he’s really good for business”. I didn’t get to ask him: How is this so?"
[removed]
[removed]
"20% of our life? 40% of our life? 60% of our life?

Eventually we will be unhappy. Your SO breaks up with you, a parent or loved one dies, etc... It's unreasonable to expect to be happy for 100% of your life. But I think working a 9 to 5, being miserable day in and day out for years on end, is also unreasonable. I don't want to be a paycheck slave, I want to actually enjoy a large portion of my life. Is this something I'm entitled to? What would you do in this situation?"
" I’ve been doing self help for years, therapy for a while. I understand intellectually that no one is really judging me, but how do I actually *feel* relief from this knowledge? Basically I feel like I’m great at intellectualising and understanding things, but emotionally I just really find it hard to accept myself and lovey myself. I almost think I must have quite a big ego for putting such subconscious perfect demands on myself. 

I have this contrast between knowing myself intellectually &amp; knowing myself emotionally. For example, I understand that *women don’t expect me to look perfect all of the time*, however, if I mess up, I feel like a failure. Almost like I have an unrealistically high expectation of myself. God forbid I ever find someone that actually **does** judge me! Then this confirmation bias sends me over the edge. It’s all very well and good going to a therapist and talking about my past, but how the hell do I actually ***FEEL*** better about myself. Does this just take time or am I forever doomed?"
"This is a hard question to ask in a title.

There's this idea of ""the heart wants what the heart wants.""  A person can be perfect for you on paper but somehow you just don't have those long-term future feels.  Why is that?  Why the gap between mind and heart?

Or is it just one of those mysteries we'll probably never solve?"
"There are garlic based mosquito repellents https://globalnews.ca/news/3583781/tired-of-mosquitoes-maybe-garlic-can-help/

So, what about if one eats garlic, and smells like garlic as a result. Does that repel mosquitoes?

What about onions?"
"I don't mean in the nsfw type of friend way. I mean in just the strict friend sense. I'm feeling lonely but feel like everywhere I look online I'm just running into sixteen year olds which is fine. nothing against them but there is a huge differnce in mentality from a sixteen year old to a twenty six year old. thinking more like 21 plus. plus as a guy i just feel wierd talking to people that young unless I am mentoring them in something. 

I have tried discord but again always run into bunch of teenagers or I end up being drowned out because I'm not competing for attention like some crazed nut job by spamming the chat. I tried omegle but simliar issues plus a bunch of horny dudes... well omegle only had horny dudes."
"I've basically had my first crush in middle school long ago and she changed so much of my life in such a positive way and has made me more happy than anything else my entire life. Before I could ask her out, she moved. We were really good friends but we both never had phones at the time so we couldn't try to stay in touch at the time. She influenced the things that I love to do to this day and now I just realised how much of a missed opportunity it was to not reveal my feelings to her. After she left, I had other crushes eventually but none one them were even remotely on the same level as my first crush. And I just recently had a girlfriend to just realise she was basically just a watered down mirror of my original crush and made me realise how much more I miss my first crush. If my first crush even had a similar personality as back then and I met her now, I honestly couldn't tell you how happy I would be. I know I should move on, but it still really just hard to forget someone that changed so much of your life in such a positive way."
"For almost a decade I've been feeling this way. In a once a year sex thing she is always extremely satisfied she says, and I believe she would say otherwise. But lately I've been wanting more intimate times but she is totally rejecting every attempt to communicate. I'm thinking it's time to divorce after 21 yrs."
"I have some other examples in my head. Cold blooded murder wasn't wrong 2000 years ago when tribes were killing each other to assert dominance on resources. Slavery wasn't considered wrong 200 years ago. Maybe 200 years from now killing animals and eating them might be deemed wrong.
So how is morality objective? Don't we think killing is bad because that's what we were shown/taught since our childhood?"
[removed]
"I just rejected a total strangers sexual offerings under the grounds of being already in a relationship and after they realised that pushing wasn’t gonna change the result they said something along the lines of “congratulations you passed the vibe check and loyalty test” despite them not having access to that information, it’s like they want to be caught and I honestly don’t know why someone would bother with such a bad lie"
I feel like it is a very hard and strong decision to come to. Maybe I’m sick in the head but I feel like people should be allowed to make that choice.
"Hey guys, I'm newer to Reddit, but I just tried to comment on a post and Reddit told me I'm doing it too much and gave me a time limit. I've only commented a couple times before this. Anyone else have this issue?"
"Over the years that I’ve been interested in philosophy &amp; self help I’ve developed a crippling amount of hyperawareness about myself, the people around me &amp; the world we live in. I’m constantly obsessed with getting to the route of everything, and have this irrational desire to analyse everything until I’ve comfortably compartmentalised it in my mind. I’ll scrutinise my own behaviour and others to check if they totally line up with my authentic values. Combined with my sensitivity, it’s quite a toxic mix, as I feel uncomfortable about just accepting that the world is confusing &amp; hard to explain, and that people’s emotions &amp; actions are sometimes complicated. 

*Perhaps the perfect example of my neurosis is the act of smoking a cigarette. Sometimes I socially smoke, but instead of leaving it there and because of the way I am, I’ll feel compelled to analyse ‘why I’ve smoked’, and ‘what it says about me as a person, and if I doing it just to appear cool to others’. I feel like I have to explain myself and all my actions or I feel intense guilt. I can’t just leave something alone until I’ve neurotically picked it apart. Then I widen my scope and I look at everyone in society who smokes, or we all secretly performing when we smoke, but some of us are self aware and notice it, and others don’t? When I see musicians/actors smoking I think, are they just really insecure and are trying to play a certain character.* 

I also do this with my friends and the world/culture/society around me, analysing motives &amp; words, cynically hunting for hidden meanings, and of course because we’re human, there’s usually a subtext to everything. I always think why has he/she said that, there’s got a be a deeper meaning? Very few people are in reality simply idiots, blisteringly truthful all of the time, but I so want to be like this, just responding to stimuli like a simple ape!

Does anyone else have this? Do you think the whole world is aware of this but just doesn’t go on and on about it like I do? Why do I overthink in such mad ways? I wish I could be blissfully ignorant, and not feel compelled to explain the weird reasons why we do certain things."
"I've seen this statement pop up not just on Reddit but in real life as well, especially from teachers in secondary school.

&amp;#x200B;

At first glance, it would appear that this is a phenomenon of the ""modern kids are badly behaved"" which every generation seems to spew out. But from talking to so many people, they say that today kids are widely different than any other generation and that more and more are less able to cope."
"Can someone point me in the right direction? Books, podcasts, videos, etc. would all be great. 

I'm specifically interested in finding resources that try to sort out useful and interesting teachings and practices while not necessarily accepting unverifiable metaphysical claims."
"i know this title does this post no justice, and i understand. it's not a great one, really. but i couldn't think of a way to phrase it without either making me seem like a straight up criminal or making me seem like i was beating around the bush. i hope the title is simple enough, and i'll get on with the post and what not. so, recently, i've discovered that i have an obsession with how past friends/boyfriends/girlfriends/etc. think of me, and i follow them VERY closely. however, i'm unsure if this directly counts as stalking, because i know better then to ever contact these people, threaten them, try to hurt them, etc.. i just follow them around in games or something if we're both in one because i'm hyper focused on them talking about me in a poor or negative light. i weird myself out by doing this, ( as i think most people would be weirded out by this kind of obsession ), but DESPITE being weirded out and/or not wanting to continue to follow the person, i continue anyways because i always get the fear of them talking poorly about me. i didn't want to discuss this with my parents or friends because i'm ashamed of how i act, so i was wondering if anybody could tell me what this means? like, i have no idea why i act like this / why i'm so obsessed with making sure nobody's talking poorly about me, and i'm worried that if i'm not careful, my behaviour might become worse due to declining mental health, so i guess i'm asking strangers on the internet?? ( also, not really looking for a whole diagnosis unless you're a doctor or something. just more of looking for guesses on what this kind of behaviour means / if it's as bad as i think it is )."
"I have had these vivid and recurrent dreams about someone over the past weeks and I didn't know how to interpret them or if they mean anything. I do have the person in mind but it's not like they are someone close or with whom I speak on a daily basis. We rarely speak, yet we did interact and talk for some time but it wasn't anything. I don't even know what it was. 

It's like I feel their energy in these dreams and it's as though the dream is real. I know it probably needs more context, but I want to know how you would deal with vivid dreams or what you think of them."
"What are the main factors that the U.S. must deal with to correct the system? 

As someone that lives in the United States, I feel that we have a lot of pull in the world, either toward good or bad. It seems that we're witnessing the fall of our union because of at least one factor that I can immediately identify.

**The majority of people aren't organizing or unifying**. With churches being frequented less often, especially by liberals, we've lost centers of community where people converse about what needs to be done to make the communities better. There are seemingly higher levels of organization on one side of the spectrum which gives them a lot more pull in our political system which is not being mirrored on the other side. That, combined with the phenomenon where the left is fighting for such a wide array of issues that they can't seem to line up their sites to be effective in any of them (economic, social justice, or environment). The left is fighting for so many things whereas the right tends to seemingly fight for corporate issues and maintaining political power which are fairly narrow platforms. 

&amp;#x200B;

What are some of the other factors that are leading to our downfall that are probably influencing survival factors globally?"
"I'm Dutch and my English might not be that good. Sorry in advance... 

Me and my boyfriend were discussing that if you had to shoot a suspect for whatever reason, would you aim for the legs or the chest/belly. I think the legs would be less fatal because the chest/belly has a lot of important organs. He thinks the legs would be more fatal because of arteries (not sure if that translated right). Can anyone give a clear answer to this question?"
"Sometimes I have days where I feel everything hit at once, all the loneliness, self hatred, etc. On those days I feel like the only thing I want to do is lay down and sleep so I feel nothing. But I know that thats not very constructive. So how do you figure out exactly what you need in these moments? What are some good things to do to help yourself feel better in a productive way?"
"I live in a place where heavy quarantine is required and i also live more in the countryside, nearest friend to me lives 1.5km away. I wake up, eat breakfast, drink coffee, walk the dog and play video games for the rest of the day. I am 15 (M) and there is absolutely nothing else to do. My girlfriend lives nearly 20km away and due to that i dont go to her place often. My friend lives 1.5km away but his parents dont allow others to their home due to the coronavirus. I try to do other things like workout, reading and watching tv, but i still manage to spend atleast 10 hours on my PC daily. On steam it shows that ive spent 180.7 hours past 2 weeks on games. I dont know what to do because no matter how i say it to my parents, they dont understand that there is just nothing to do. My mother and father work the entire day, i dont have any brothers or sisters anymore and my friends either live far away or their parents dont allow others to visit them. My question is what should i do?"
"I know some people say that—gradually over time, in the aggregate—information grows, populations naturally get smarter, and globalization rises; thus the so-called ""arc of history"" has some progressive drift to it.  But I know others say that that has been true only for certain cultures, or only since the Enlightenment (or other landmark past events); whereas, in the long view, history/prehistory has been too random to exhibit a progressive drift.  What is your take?  Thank you."
"I don’t hate reading — quite the contrary, actually. I enjoy it once I get in the zone. But I read very little and take months to get it done.
I want to and would love to read more, and would love if anyone could suggest things/tips that worked for them."
"with all the defund/abolish police stuff going on, I've been doing a lot of reading and research about the topic as well as prison reform and abolishment.

This lead me to realize how much money we are spending per inmate in Canada and how we could potentially use that money to better communities and help heal offenders and victims, rather than use it to keep someone locked up.

What I was thinking is if Canada shifted to a more restorative justice system for non-violent crimes, the country could save money and spend it elsewhere, like mental health programs, education, crime prevention, as well as making communities better, such as drinking water and environmental clean up, restorative programs and community service options.

My idea was that instead of incarcerating people for say theft, fraud, property damage, vandalism, drug possession, or any other crime (as long as ther was no violence used), they receive their ""punishment"" in the form of paying back any damages or the amount that they had taken, plus being enrolled in some sort of counseling/therapy/addiction group, as well as a community work program, like community service or something along those lines, which would also help better the community, if incarceration is necessary, then have it be a house arrest type incarceration.

Eliminating the chance of going to prison for these offences, but still being made to make up for them. I also feel like this would allow people who have committed these offences to come forward and admit to doing these things, which would allow the victim to finally get back what was taken.

In the long run, from what it looks like, this would help improve communities, allow the government to fund other social programs as well as give the victims a sense of closure and actually feel included in the process, while strengthening communities.

I'd love to hear other people's opinions on this, please, Don't be rude thought."
"COVID-19 won’t go away just because Trump isn’t President anymore, I doubt anyone can repair relations with Iran after what Trump has done, nobody wants to legalize marijuana, none of Biden’s agenda has a chance of getting through Congress, and the SCOTUS will have a conservative majority no matter who replaces RBG. What is there to be optimistic about?"
"Hi, Ive had this problem on and off for years now like 20 years, It started around 2000, I was sitting in the loungeroom on the couch really late at night, my brother had crashed out next to me. So we are both ADHD, and yes we used to abuse our medication D5's. 

The computer was on, no lights, complete silent, and I was just sitting there relaxing and thinking and just listening to silence. Then in a really high frequency just so I could hear it, like so soft, to the point where it was the same level as my thoughts, I heard two people having a conversation outside sitting on my fence, but no one was next door, like empty, no house, bush land. 

Then I got cought up in the conversation somehow, speaking so soft, lower than whispering and hardly moving my mouth, like my voice was being projected by my voice box, like some type of vatrilaquist. 

They stopped talking and it's was a girl and a guy, the girl said ""omg he can hear us"" Then we had this massive conversation at this sound level, once again I was hardly moving my lips, inside no windows through the wall.

Every since that night one of the voices started following me around, I'm talking like everywhere, work, home, gf house, parents everywhere, it started to get really bad and much louder, and giving me heaps of shit hard, about my family friends, people and things they could possibly not know, personal stuff from my life from years ago, man it was torture, and nearly drove me insain.

Sometimes there would be more voices too and they would gang up on me hard.

Now this went on for many years, but all the mean time I started on them the same shit they were doing to me, just constantly badgering them, once again in this vatrilaquist style speaking. 

I'd stopped abusing the medication at this point, cause it just made it worse, I haven't been on them for years now, eventually they went away and I heard nothing for ages, I got married had like two kids went on with my life, completely normal.

But just recently like a few days ago I moved into a new place, and everynight now it's back, smh, but in a different way, when I go to fall asleep I feel like my voice box is being taken over and I start saying shit that I'm convinced the people in the next room can hear, but it's not me, really nasty stuff too, no one wants to talk about it when I bring it up, b cause it sounds like crazy talk.

Anyhoo

My question being, has anyone else experienced this type of thing, and how the fuck so you stop it!!

Please, lots of ❤️ S"
"So, according to something I found online, using standard text size and font most English Bible translations clock in at around 1200 pages. That suggested an interesting challenge to me - if you had to compile your own mini-library or collection of books along the lines of the Bible of about 1200 pages, which books would you pick?

Ideally, for ""full parity"" such a collection would hit as many of the following points as possible:

* Cosmogony
* Mythology
* History
* Law
* Wisdom
* Self-Help and/or ""Therapy""
* Food for Thought

So here's my attempt:

* Cosmos by Carl Sagan (432 pages)
* The Trial and Death of Socrates [Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, and Phaedo] (128 pages)
* Life of Diogenes from ""Lives of Eminent Philosophers"" (24 pages)
* Enchiridion of Epictetus (64 pages)
* Letters from a Stoic (254 pages)
* Epicurus' Letter to Menoeceus (5 pages)
* Epicurus' Principal Doctrines (6 pages)
* Good Poems for Hard Times by Garrison Keillor (368 pages)

For a total of **1281 pages**. I know there's a bit of a contradiction in including both Stoicism and Epicureanism, but I like aspects of both philosophies, and I think having a contradiction keeps the ""think for yourself"" angle front and center."
"I had someone steal from me and am trying to figure out how to find them so I can retrieve what was stolen from me. I have their phone number, cashapp and first name but wasn’t able to come up with anything. Is there anyone that would know how to find someone with that little information? Any response would help."
Is it money broker or something else.
" The economic and technological rivalry between China and the United States in the twenty-first century holds an uncanny resemblance to that between Bismarck’s Imperial Germany and a preeminent Great Britain in the nineteenth and early twentieth. Both rivalries feature competing states enmeshed in profound interdependence at a time of explosive technological innovation. Both feature an established democracy with a free-market system feeling cheated by a rising autocracy with a state-protected economic system, and choosing to lash out with counterproductive unilateral tariffs. Finally, both rivalries reveal that such competition is about much more than tariffs: it is also about sophisticated instruments like standard-setting, technology acquisition and theft, financial power, and infrastructure investment. 

 The speed of the catch up was as alarming to British elites then as it is to American elites now. German GDP was 67% of Great Britain’s in 1871 and exceeded it by 1908 in the aftermath of a financial crisis. Adjusting for purchasing power, China’s GDP was only 25% of U.S. GDP in 1990 after a decade of reforms and exceeded American GDP in 2014, also in the aftermath of a financial crisis. Even when their economies eclipsed those of their rivals, Germany and China remained poorer in per capita terms – with German income 74% of British income in 1913 and Chinese income only 25% of American income in 2016. 

China like Germany is trying to avoid being surrounded by enemies and is doing this buy the one belt one road initiative. They were both late industrializers and both had/have the largest stem output in the world outpacing the established powers the US and UK. Even 5G can be analogous as Germany obsessively wanted the best radio system and the UK's frequent tries to stop it were ineffective overall. Germany's economy was already surpassing that of the UK's due to a higher population. Even nuclear weapons had the analogy of warships which were seen as MAD though admittedly less serious. Do you think when an anti nuclear weapon is developed (which seems likely nowadays as we have just discovered what lasers can do to diffuse nuclear reactions thus making them ineffective) one bad ship exchange is the South China Sea can become like the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand?"
"When you are attracted to someone older, does the age increase as you grow older, or is it a set range?

In other words, let's say you are attracted to people in their 40s when you are around 20. By the time you reach 30, are you still attracted to people in their 40s? Or will that now be people in their 50s? 

Is this just an age gap thing or is it just an attracted-to-certain-type thing?

Finally, does it make a difference when the younger person is looking for a parental figure, and when the young person just find people in a certain age group sexually/aesthetically attractive?"
"I understand the motivation for the ongoing protests.  They have gone for more than 50 days in Seattle and Portland as well as other cities.  

What is the goal of continually protesting and what is the ""end game"" of the effort?"
"I just made a community, but am I restricted in how I can inform people about it? Is there a good way to get the community out there so others can join?"
"Im thinking about joining now once I have finished GCSEs but I'm unsure of what is required or what elements are involved in joing the army, I'm not quite sure of the details of what they do.

I would appreciate it if someone would walk me through it."
Today it’s tough because I have no friends where I’m living it’s my day off work and I can’t figure out what the straightest food I can cook for dinner is. I do have fireworks but I’m scared of setting them off even though I know it’s a highly straight activity. I could play gta v again but I’m afraid with the cockroaches in my apartment they may have gotten in my PS4 and it might not work. What should I do?
[removed]
"Exactly what the title says. I was watching a YouTube review of a Pokemon game and saw just this. To the YouTuber's credit, the message itself was incredibly subtle.

Obviously, there is footage of the game in the background of what they're saying. I noticed a Zigzagoon named ""Trans"", and raised an eyebrow but didn't think much of it. Then later on I noticed that the team was explicitly named ""Black and trans lives matter"". They were in order too, which is probably the only reason I was able to see that. If they were out of order, it would probably go over my head. I didn't see the 6th, but it isn't like it matters much what it was.

That message, of course, has absolutely nothing to do with the subject matter of the video. You would have to go out of your way to name these Pokemon this, put them in that order in your party, then record it and put it in your video, so why?   
On the other hand, unless you go out of your way to be like ""wait a minute"", pause the video, and then read the names of the Pokemon, you just don't notice.

So how do you all feel about things like this? If someone puts in subtle little political or social commentaries that have nothing to do with the video but won't interrupt it or jump out at you because they're tucked into the background, do you just not mind it?"
"I want to make this card game, and I use photo's of 10x15 centimeters. I am now trying to find sleeves, similair to Pokémon card sleeves ( [https://www.spelmagazijn.be/sleeves.html](https://www.spelmagazijn.be/sleeves.html) ), but of the 10x15 centimeters size. It seems to be impossible to find, so if anyone could help, that would be amazing."
"I want to make this card game, and I use photo's of 10x15 centimeters. I am now trying to find sleeves, similair to Pokémon card sleeves ( [https://www.spelmagazijn.be/sleeves.html](https://www.spelmagazijn.be/sleeves.html) ), but of the 10x15 centimeters size. It seems to be impossible to find, so if anyone could help, that would be amazing."
"This might be perplexing to read at first because of the situation in the developed world and corona but bear with me and let me explain why I think this is real possibility. I will address 3 issues here : the fastest build up of wealth of human history and end of poverty, the young developed world vs old developing world and over population and finally climate change and why green technology will exponentially be introduced.

Though it may come as an extreme surprise and it definitely got past the attention of the media in 2018 more than half other world population was considered middle class. Now you may be thinking oh middle class in the West and middle class in the developing world mean completely different things. Wrong! Its adjusted for purchasing power parity which is the most useful measure for how large an economy is. Its pretty much being able to live a comfortable life. The middle class in China actually larger than the entire population of America. The reason that this news was shocking though is that in just 2016 they were predicting that at quickest it would happen end of 2020. The reason for this fast build up of wealth was trade liberalization and industrialization. Essentially when you heard of those stories of people working from 12 hours a day in factory getting 1 dollar an hour it was a marked improvement of their life as they used to be working 18 hours a day in a farm making a dollar a year and by the way a dollar can get you a crap more stuff in China than it can in the UK. As times goes on industrialization gets quicker as tried and tested methods are improved and new transport systems are introduced which can gets goods around quicker meaning wages rise faster as productivity increases. There are 2 places in the world with still a major amount of poverty : South Asia and Sub Saharan Africa. The majority of poverty in South Asia is in India and specifically in UP and Bihar. Post corona it was announced that apple and may other Japanese firms were outsourcing there meaning that they will soon leave poverty my guess by 2022. This is because China left poverty after 10 years and they started of with a 40 dollar per capita while India is staring off with 9000 ppp per capita-this will be the largest wealth creation in human history. The last place Sub Saharan Africa will be getting manufacturing after India and is in fact in the process of industrializing as that is where China is outsourcing. First it will be East Africa then West Africa while central Africa eg the Congo should be developing on its own as China and India and the developing world need certain minerals for infrastructure projects and they could get extremely wealthy from that. By 2025 to 2030 the world should have left poverty. Think of it this way- countries that were being outsourced to are now outsourcing for competitive advantage eg Huwaie and there is less labor so there is double the demand for cheap manufactured goods with half the supply of labor.

Secondly is over population.I assured this is nothing to worry about. Its a proven fact when women enter the workforce and people leave poverty they have way less kids. When manufacturing hits certain part of the world like West Africa and Up and Bihar where all the Indians are being born you will see significantly less children being born. The problem we should be worried about is under population and too many old people being supported by too few young people. I think the kids being born now in developing countries are like the boomers that were born in the US in the 60's as they are riding the good wave . By 2060 we could see a situation where every country is like Japan. This however is one of the reasons I say that this is humanities golden age as the amount of young people who will come and innovate with ideas. The developed world can't innovate any more as they have high wealth inequality where cash is kept to the 1 percent and super salaried suburbanites while everyone else work very low wage service jobs meaning they cant fulfill their dream eg more people are working in Apple stores then making the next Apple. Also they have horrific regulations-Brussels effect. However everywhere in the developing world you see a desire to innovate and become rich. Look at Shenzhen China for gods sake. This leads me on to my next point.

Climate change. You might think could the world handle more people requiring more energy? Well though it may surprise you the developing world will have smaller emissions then the developed word due to not developing auto centrically eg putting metros and high speed rail instead of roads and highways as 1) it reduces emissions and 2) it leaves space for more productive units like factories and houses instead of parking spaces and roads- China has 40 metros and India has ordered 30 to be built. There could be a Nigerian boy or Pakistan girl who knows how to fix climate change and could develop new technology but they are stuck in poverty. When wealth increases innovation times by a factor of 1000. We will have millions more minds and trillions of more investments on green technology. Current projections are unfair as they don't include the fact that all developing countries are moving toward sustainable development like India who spends 300 billion adjusted for ppp of green tetch or Kenya who will be one the first to develop in Africa spending on solar. This is because oil is expensive to import. When the world isn't poor and we have 90 percent of the  world solving its problems instead of just the 20 percent we have now I truly believe that will be humanities golden age then when the developing world ages like the developed world we will look back at the good ole days."
[Trumps new Fixer](https://www.politico.com/amp/news/magazine/2020/08/01/barr-makes-it-official-hes-trump-new-fixer-389805)
"Usually if you're using a textbook, there are problems at the end of the section that tests your understanding. 

However, a lot more information nowadays is learned via videos, articles, and even through Q&amp;A forums, which doesn't have these tests to see if you truly understand something that you've learned."
"I have two female friends who we will call Jessica and Melissa. They are my closest friends and are engaged and have been engaged for a little over a year. They were supposed to get married a couple months ago, but the whole covid situation caused them to postpone until next year. I’m admittedly a little closer to Jessica, as we are both extroverts and Melissa is more of an introvert. We spend a lot of time with one another, and I hear a lot from Jessica’s perspective about their relationship. 

What initially caught me off guard was some of the things Jessica would tell me about their fights. Frequently, Melissa would get so upset that she would rip off her engagement ring and throw it at Jessica’s face. She would throw her possessions across the room, and would yell at Jessica. Now, I’m friends with both of them, but I think objectively I am alarmed at some of these actions. Jessica is coming to me more and more frequently saying that Melissa is mad at her for no reason, isn’t communicating her feelings, and seems to be upset by everything she does. Even though I love Melissa, this worries me. Are couples about to be married supposed to fight this much? Shouldn’t this part of a relationship be one of joy and excitement and very little explosive fighting? Won’t it only get worse as times goes on?

I would never bring this up to either of them as their relationship is not my business or something I should involve myself in. But I do privately wonder if this is normal. I personally haven’t been in many long term relationships so I was hoping for a second opinion as to whether this is normal behavior."
"So I live in a large student house in a UK city, 10 of us in total, but all but one of my flatmates have now moved back in with their parents until term starts in late September. The one flatmate who has stayed works residentially 5 days a week (so he doesn't come home at all for those 5 days) and when hes home he mostly just sleeps because his work is tiring. In short, I have a big house all to myself and a lot of time to kill. I don't have any other friends in the area and I wouldn't want to ask my friends/family from further to come visit because of corona. Any suggestions of fun and interesting things to keep me occupied?"
[removed]
"I read an article today where a doctor from China claimed that the Corona virus was developed in a military lab by the CCP and that the wet markets simply served as a decoy. She ""fled"" to America and had an interview on Fox News.

I also read about the alleged Christian persecution in China and I read that Christian persecution increased by 20% in 2019 globally (I don't know how true this is). 

History repeats itself. After a country undergoes a financial downfall/crisis and they prosper extremely well afterwards and they ultimately become a superpower, there is almost always a war that follows with another superpower (America after the Great Depression; The USSR; Vietnam, Germany; Britain etc). What are the chances there will be another World War (this time the West vs. the East)?"
"Note I like Sanders and his policies and this definitely not a knock on them. This is just meant to be a fruitful discussion.

Bernie recently just introduced a bill that would reduce military spending by 10%. It failed but whats interesting is that it go so many more votes than it would have just 10 years ago. This shows that the democratic party understands where the forward movement is going. Its generally agreed that had Trump not been running and dem voters not seen this race as an existential threat that Bernie or Warren would have won. More key interesting facts are that the vast majority of democrats and the vast majority of Americans even a plurality of Republicans support medicare for all. Also the Democratic part see socialism in a better light than they see capitalism according to recent stats. Berniecrats have been winning left and right in congress and are poised to take over by 2024 and by 2028 if Biden wins the next dem candidate we will see will be a left winger.All dem candidates had to be forced left as Sanders shifted the overton window massively. Now more proposals that these populist left wingers support are non interventionism kinda like Trump and increased public spending. If you can add these 2 together I'm sure you could see that this would likely result in vastly decreased military spending. In terms of real military budgets (PPP) China and the USA are nearly matched and I don't think the war company lobbies will be powerful as one of the first things someone like him or AOC would do is ban lobbying. If they decrease military spending and if Russia's or China's spending outpaces the USA they could very quickly take over. The USA if you follow tech closely has not built an insurmountable advantage and is in fact behind on many things like AI and  emerging technologies as lobbyist want more of their shit bought so its been a lot of capital mis-allocation. When China or Russia's or even India's military surpasses the USA and those bases start getting funded anymore and NATO can no longer rely on an a non interventionist government what would happen to the world order?"
"This actually doesn't have to do with my views, but I've heard this question/debate, so i was just curious. If as a woman, the idea of your partner having sex with another male was a turn off, isn't that valid? I feel like it shouldn't be because you're scared they're gonna cheat more or whatever just because they're bisexual, cause that's a stereotype. But i was just curious on how u guys felt. Cause this question could even apply to bisexual women feeling a bit uncomfortable dating a bisexual man, just because the idea of your partner having sex with another male was a turn off. Or it could apply to a male feeling this way about a bisexual woman. Thoughts? (Also, I'm not talking about falling in love with someone and then breaking up with them just because they're bisexual; that seems shallow. I'm just talking about dating preferences)"
"Do we see the most innovation in Capitalistic, Democratic countries? If so, why is that?"
And does this mean renewables cannot facilitate economic growth as well as oil?
"Hi I was wondering if anybody here likes to look into cold cases? Also, is the name of a police officer assigned to an inactive &amp; unsolved case considered to be public knowledge?"
[removed]
"I’m currently on a one year “steal of a deal” digital trial subscription with NYT ($1 a week for 52 weeks). 

It’ll cost $17 per month when the trial is over. 

I’m enjoying it; however, I’m realizing every day that their website is like taking a drink of water from a fire hydrant. 

So. Much. Stuff. 😮

For those of you who currently subscribe, I would be interested to see *why* you enjoy reading the NYT and what your favorite sections are."
[removed]
"I've noticed it in nearly every child's drawings: humans from the front, animals from the side. In younger children the animals often have front facing human heads. Sideways humans seem to occur around the age of 7 or 8 in children that draw a lot but sideways facing animals remain like that for quite a while longer.
Why is that so?
Is it because it's simpler to draw all the arms and legs that way?
Or is it perhaps that most animals in children's books are also drawn sideways and taken as an inspirarion?"
"I'm trying to draw parallels to computer programming languages. There are various programming languages spanning various paradigms, and most of them have evolved to facilitate improved communication between our minds and the computer while trying to reduce our efforts to do so. Despite there being many mature languages, design and development of new ones hasn't stopped. I wonder if we can bring about this mindset to linguistics. There will, of course, be an upfront learning cost, but the prospect of communicating with very high information density is quite appealing."
"We're good friends with one of neighbours but he's in the habit of just showing up at our door unannounced at random hours, to inform us of something (that could easily wait) or for other random reasons. He has even shown up at midnight mid-week and thought it was okay since our livingroom light was on. He even just walked in a few times when the door was left unlocked and I've heard him try turning the handle when it has been locked. This is still happening during Covid too. My husband and I would like to curb this a bit, but at the same time he's single and I think he's lonely. Often he comes over and can barely stand up, he's so drunk. Other neighbors have grown annoyed with his behavior and lack of boundaries but he seems to forget even when others have confronted him about it. The wonderful, older couple that live directly beside us are considering selling their house and moving, partly because of him. He's not a terrible person and I do consider him a friend and don't want to hurt his feelings, but how can we get through to him?"
"There is a whole back story to this however in the sake of brevity....

They left behind their photos in the booth on purpose or certainly seems that way by the pictures.

G rated normal fun day other than it was raining in February , actually ..may have been Valentine's day..?

Since they have never seen them ,is it odd to post the pictures in search of these people ?"
"I'll be going to college next month and I'm excited. I'm torn regarding whether I should engage in any social activities like partying/making friends.

&amp;#x200B;

My parents say it's important that I focus on academics as college is 10x harder than secondary school/high school. I have Aspergers and ADHD so have had problems in the past with focusing (basically dropped out of high school, got into drugs and parents almost made me homeless). This year I repeated but didn't engage in any parties or friends when repeating high school and got the best grades ever along with being medicated.

&amp;#x200B;

I feel that focusing on college lectures and homework on weekdays while also getting a part time job on the weekends and saving up for the future would be better.

&amp;#x200B;

Some say that social skills are as important as academic skills and not making friends with people might actually stunt my ability to grow in a future career as networking is important. How true is this?"
"Hey guys. I'm 21 years old and I've got a story to tell. You don't need to know my name, i just wanted to share this so someone will know of my journey. 

&amp;#x200B;

I've recently broken up with my girlfriend, i realized along the way of the past year and a half that i was a toxic partner. A horrible partner, she wasn't perfect either but this is about me and my life and what i know in my heart to be true. I'm writing this because i've made a lot mistakes up until this point in my life. I didn't try in high school and i went to college 2 times before dropping out because i was too busy focused on girls and not on my studies. I didn't appreciate the actual opportunity i had in front of me to further my life and become the person i've always wanted to be. Since i was 15 years old my goal was to become the worlds best photographer. &amp; rather than ever truly due what it took to chase that goal. I drowned the pain of my childhood in drugs, and women. I didn't become the quarterback i always wanted to be when i was a kid either, that was my initial goal and dream, and i failed because i didn't take practice seriously. I've made a ton of mistakes, until one day my mind was all over the place and i couldn't differentiate was real and what wasn't. I wasn't able to tell what was healthy, what was unhealthy, and what was my ego versus me truly wanting the best for myself. 

Somewhere along the way i lost the light i had inside me, the light that told me i could do anything I've put my mind to the light that told me anything is possible if you believe and work hard enough for it. 

As of right now I've filled out the application to go back to school because i will never give up on my dream of graduating from a university, even if the path is harder than it would have been years ago. That's my burden to bare. I still want to be the father i always dreamed of being, the father that is able to be present for his child, is able to have a loving wife, and a healthy, happy family. As of right now a few days before my 22nd birthday, i'm going to do everything i can to make a real difference in the world. I can't let that 15 year old kid who dreamed of one day becoming the best photographer he could be, die. 

In life we have a choice. we can either accept our flaws and live within them. Or we can consciously do everything we can to become the best version of who we are....If life sucks and isn't what we were told it was as kids. That's fine, but i won't rest until i become the best me i can possibly be. I need to prove to myself that i am the person I've always dreamed of.

When the time is right i'll come back, log in and let everyone know if i was able to pull it off. if i was able to do it. Until than... i love you guys, &amp; remember. You can do anything you put your mind to.

Sincerely 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\-Your friend: Mario"
"Hear me out here before you down vote me to death. I'm a physics/maths student myself and quite a good one if I suck my own dick here for a second-top 3 % in my country when you adjust grade boundaries. In my opinion I think scientism -the belief that science trumps all-has become the new Catholic Church. Scientiscm is the only theory that disproves itself as science is always essentially based of an incomplete data set. There is so much shit we don't know and even our methods for measuring things could be completely wrong. The earth could be a billion years old instead of 4 billion the universe is probably not 14 billion years old we are just waiting for new science to come out. Evolution/common ancestry could be completely wrong as we barely have any fossils in comparison to who lived - as scientific American said its like trying to read war and peace having only 9 pages out of the 2000 page tome and trying to extract the story out of there. Science is constantly changing and that is the beauty of it. In fact extinct scientific theories can be more useful than current ones. For example Newtonian physics is still taught in class even though Einsteins theory of relatively disproved it. It can predict an immense amount of physical phenomena yet can't explain quantum physics or the theory of relativity which displaced it.

However if you come out and say certain scientific theories are wrong and against the scientific consensus you are labeled a pseudoscience propagator and often could loose positions and not be respected anymore -this is analogous to being called a heretic in times when the Popes word was above all but with obviously less dire consequences. This is 'poising the well'. The reason Aristotle has been labeled the most influential thinker for the West is because of his methodology not his findings which have been proven false. Essentially he believed in observed scientific experiments however if new evidence comes along than his theory should be thrown in the wood chipper. Now i'm not saying that science has stagnated i'm rather saying that dissenting voices just get thrown out the door - even if their theories are false they shouldn't be dismissed and we should be actively encouraging the next crop of scientist's to challenge existing belief from DNA to evolution to quantum physics - we should be telling them it is all based of an incomplete data set and you should be the one to find the next better theory out there. Without Einstein theories we wouldn't have phones and mobile network and rocket ships. I implore you to check out the Brussels effect- the reason why the only major disruptive technologies have been in the digital realm has been due to the fact that science is now over regulated. Economics shape science as anyone working in a r and d lab would tell you and our scientific discoveries and useful inventions have been strangled. I am excited though for the developing world catching up and having millions of fresh minds introducing disruptive innovations and new science though."
"I have kids of my own and I'm trying to navigate online schooling, work, and everything else that's been dumped on our heads since this whole mess started. It's hard as hell, although not the worst thing I've ever lived through.... But that says more about me than how shit this really is....

What's it like for you?"
"What I'm saying is that rock music is dead unless you are someone who grew up with it, in the same way Buddy Holly or Milies Davis aren't popular among people today as much as they were. This is obviously due because things get lost with time, that being said they aren't marketed and merchandised the same way older artists are.

Like bands that are T-shirt core are only in the public consciousness due to being merchandised, I can't name you a single Beatles or Kiss song and only know of them because of conspicuous consumption.  Like it's weird to think that they're are Kiss Funko Pops but not more relevant artists like Sade, Travis Scott etc. Like you can't walk into target and get Taylor Swift merch in the same way you can a pink floyd shirt.  


Do you feel like older generation's music and culture has only lasted so long in the public zeitgeist due to this?"
"When a lifespan is 400 years instead of 80, won't religion almost incentivize death? Will religious leaders adopt their sermons to reflect these technologies or do you think they continue to praise the concepts of an afterlife or reincarnation to the same degree?"
[removed]
"I (18f)  know that I'm smarter than many around me but I have trouble converting my thoughts into actions. I know that whenever I work hard I get things done nicely but it's rare. Thinking about starting and commiting to it makes me feel weirdly light in the stomach. I can't even wake up in the mornings, I'm not lazy as most around me think.  I started reading about personality types and I gave a test which shows I'm an intp. I'm afraid if this continues I might not be able to have a successful career as an architect. Also I get so stressed sometimes because I feel that some other career could suit me better. Also I haven't started college yet."
"i don't know if this is the right sub-forum for such a thing so excuse if i have made a mistake .

so basically , i am here to say if any of your countries are sending aid to Lebanon to not give a cent or any Material to the government. we have a story a few hours back about a Jordanian shipment of Masks being ""lost"". Basically , the explosion and economic Crisis have shown the Decadence and inhumanity of the ruling class and how much Hizbullah is a danger on Lebanon , the Middle east and the world. 

what i am asking is if  anybody is giving donation to never give to the Lebanese Government give to red cross , the UN or any other respectable Organization. after the civil war, from the time of Syrian occupation until now , the ruling class have being running a Ponzi Scheme with the banks stealing Lebanese and expatriate money to enrich themselves , Assad regime and finance Iran War effort. from 90 to now , they have stolen the equivalent of 180 billion dollars from Lebanese workers and economy.

i know some of you consider Hizbullah as a terrorist Organization and that is a gross understatement of what this Group is capable off.  Hizbullah is a fascist wing of the iranian Army it have no loyalty or love for Lebanon or Lebanese we are assets for him to use to finance Iranian Dream of forming the Persian empire. Hizbullah forces are in Lebanon , Syria , Iraq and Yemen and have a large army. IT also have a large cartel organization in Africa , Middle east and even Latin America dealing with all sort of illicit stuff to auto-finance their army.

if you have seen what happened in Syria  Libya  Yemen and Iraq , we are dealing with soulless politicians that would anything to remain in power and an fascist army that would kill anyone for the supremacy of it's Ideology. Today thugs have opened live rounds on protestors and even killed a policemen. i am terrified at the idea of my country become another Syria where Iran do an Ethnic cleansing on minorities."
"If there is a person A, who is sometimes a pain in the ass for others and will cause them pain or suffering — not directly and not in a way of deriving pleasure out of it, but by simply not taking their concern into account and choosing himself first. But not to say that he is all bad, he also does incredibly good things and goes distances people usually don’t go for each other.
And then there’s a person B, hyperaware and very concerned for others. Every step he takes in life that is remotely associated with another human, is calculated to the finest details. He tries causing as less pain as possible, prioritising everyone else above themselves. And in instances where he does fall short and make an error, he feels paralysed by what he must’ve done, often taking longer to forgive himself than the victim would. And for the most part, he can’t decided anything at all. But at the end, he comforts himself knowing at least no harm was done.

With some objectivity, which one would you say is doing better at life? 
Person A would be gaining valuable life experience and getting things done faster, while trying to balance the good and bad he creates. But also living to the fullest.
Person B wouldn’t be getting as much done and would constantly be trying to minimise the bad —which, to certain extent, cannot be avoided being a human being. So he gets only a fraction of things done. 

And if both aren’t right, could there be a third way?"
"I came across many liberals in my life that insist on open borders and every human is created equal and all of this idealism that sounds amazing and makes me wish to live in that kind of reality.

Now I'm more and more fascinated by Africa after realising their expected population and economical growth, at the same time very saddened by how much problems on a humanitarian level the people of Africa are dealing with and been through and at the same time the amazing success stories coming out of that continent

* Egypt recently finished building a world's largest solar farm.
* Ethiopia's gigantic power dam

still seeing the size of the problems and how little the public is aware of them and how it feels like only politicians and NGOs are helping it creates a strange reaction in me, since I expect the idealist would try to help the largest problems at hand to release the most amount of suffering instead of creating huge political divide and distracting away from the real problems.

thoughts?"
"I just read that Trump issued an executive order suspending payroll taxes through at least the end of the year. A friend of mine, who is more politically savvy than I, is convinced that the Republicans’ intention is to get rid of Social Security and Medicare altogether, and those taxes do fund those programs. He got pretty upset when I told him I didn’t think that was a possibility at all, because way too many people depend on both of those programs.. Am I being naïve?  Are the Republicans trying to end Social Security and Medicare? Might they possibly succeed?"
"I saw a survey the other day talking about how black and white kids are without parents and how that affects them but they never accounted for POC or included other points of view that included specific family situations like having family involved. In America but doesn’t have to be American replies only.

I am first generation American  and I spent half my life with my family basically as much as my mom. I don’t know about Asians, Africans, Arabs on this etc. but I’ve never felt I needed my dad (absentee has like 14 kids and counting long story there..) and my college class had a post about this and a lot of my class mates Latino  agreed that they didn’t have fathers/mothers and we’re fine young adults considering.

I always had my aunts, uncles, cousins (moms side) and I never felt I had a void that needed to be filled by having a dad. I’m personally thinking that in America where people black and white (specifically) don’t particularly need to live near each other and their families to live since they can live just about anywhere and be okay, dad and mom are important because that all the family they have near if they aren’t in conflict. 

Minorities tend to live near other people like them who speak the same languages and live in established communities like “home” 
Quick college additive from my former class; Transnationalism; The processes by which immigrants build social fields that link together their country of origin and their country of settlement. These are reasons why cities like LA and NYC are huge for immigrants and we only have family (not fully extended because we are immigrants). Basically a good number of us if not majority live near people just like us or similar enough and we make it where we can kind of thing so I’d assume there’s more support especially when bringing life into this world. 

I just don’t think single parent households are particularly bad unless the person is a teenager or someone who is poor/stupid which is pretty much synonymous with each other and my generation Z right now glorifying single motherhood on the internet (que downvotes). 

Also I’m not advocating for single motherhood either because that’s not a privilege or something anyone should want to be but it shouldn’t be demonized either like the kids are going to be all fuck ups. 

FYI! This also includes single dads."
[removed]
"Post the Soviet's fall Pax Americana was at its strongest. No military or economy could come close and the ones that did were all American allies. All nations that were previously closed off and protected from America were now fair game like NK. Hell even China liberalized its market. NATO promised quote 'Not one inch eastward' yet completely broke that promise and was unchallenged. The west had a complete monopoly on high tech industries and the only ones who broke through were in fact Americans allies like South Korea and Taiwan; authoritarianism was largely going to disappear and globalization took the majority of the world out of poverty and these large middle classes were going to want more involvement in politics. Everything was going according to plan- except it wasn't. 

On September 11th 2001 planes struck the twin towers and this is when I propose that the imperial hubris of the US started. In 2003 the US was simply unbeatable in terms of their economy military and their ability to do well just about anything on the world stage. Anyone who would question them couldn't challenge their world order/military or relied on them heavily economically like China. They declared war and destroyed what was previously the 4 largest army in the world. Freedom had taken over even the backward middle east and of course democracy was going to spread -except it didn't.

7 trillion dollars. That the amount spent on these wars since 2001. Money that could have been spent on improving infrastructure, on giving tax break to small businesses, on having the most advanced green technology in the world and dominating future energy markets which China unabashedly controls now - seriously check it out its not even a competition. And the 2008 crisis happened. The world economy was thrown into a recession . Irresponsible lending and the Eu (the other half of the west) never recovered from this crisis. In 2011 a new player was here one that was criminally ignored in favor of the 'war on terror' China. By this time China had overtaken the US when it came to the most important measure of how large an economy is - PPP. 

 Most economists agree that PPP is a better measure compared to nominal as any country in the world can theoretically have the best nominal in the world if they changed their currency. Imagine you have country X and Y, country X makes 10 apples and country Y 15 apples - no difference in the apples mind you. County X though has higher currency so its more expensive to buy apples there then country Y. Even though Country Y is richer in terms of goods as that is the entire reason that currency/paper money is used in the first place country X would be vastly over represented. In fact China tries destroying nominal rates so it can export more thus growing real GDP and developed countries try increasing nominal so they can import more for less as they are primarily service economies (shops,restaurants,SME's) so the cheaper the products the more their economy can grow . Real GDP should be used when talking about military budgets if primarily domestic manufactured (eg not Saudi Arabia and kinda India who imports a lot from Russia) but nominal in terms of foreign aid and global infrastructure projects instead of domestic ones which would have relevance in terms of the belt and road initiative. This how you get false stats like how the US spends more than the next 10 countries combined even though they are just slightly ahead of China's military budget when it comes to real spending.

That not the full story though. When people think of a military budget they think its 700 billion dollars worth of new planes and tanks. Wrong! Most of it goes towards maintenance and salaries but in the US building up the middle east and drowning money there. In terms of procurement China outspends the US by a factor of 2.5 to 1 and has done for 10 years now and they have skipped trillions of dollars and years by just copying US designs but that doesn't mean that China can't innovate. 1/3 of stem output comes from there, they graduate 4 times as many stem students per anum compared to the US and the best engineering school in the world according to US news report rankings is located there. 

The US sunk trillions fighting useless wars against an ideological foe it couldn't hope to beat and in fact made stronger by making it seem like an aggressor, did irresponsible fiscal policy hurting its allies, never growing its military because lobbyist wanted their weapons bought instead of emerging technologies the future of warfare which China completely leads in and has now elected an incompetent buffoon of a president that has destroyed US prestige permanently and made no one want to sign partnerships with the US as you can't trust the American electorate to elect someone who hold up deals. Also in the Islamic world which by 2030 could have 5 economies in the top 10 largest economies in the world and perhaps 2.3 billion people which is 3 times as much as the US and Eu combined - the US helped completely shift the overton window and change discussion - instead of aiding secularization your now seen as a betrayer and an American child murdering sympathizer if you want secularization. Islamist play clips of what Trump/La Penn say about Islam and show horrifying stats like a million killed in Iraq and this frames discussion much like 9/11 shaped foreign policy. In 1990 the US and its allies held the majority of the world economy now they are both suffering from ageing populations who are loosing significance exponentially year on year as economies are falling in line with population rankings. Asia now by far is the richest continent while the West is falling and with Africa's and India's coming industrialization this is only set to increase. China is not the only threat to American dominance. America is the largest threat to American dominance."
"Miasma, the steady state theory and caloric theories are all scientific theories that have been disproved as they were based of an incomplete data set and we now have better theories fitting the current set of evidences we have now. How many scientific theories we have now are going to be disproved in the future - stuff we take for granted as basic facts right now like the age of the universe, germ theory and evolution. How much of science do we really now know? Of course its impossible to say now but take a rough estimate on how much we genuinely know?"
"SO I have kind of adopted this cycle where I pick a book that I have been wanting to read for a long time, and then I read a few pages on commute or lunch breaks or mornings of a good day, and then I leave it at office or on my bedside table or even in kitchen, promising myself to continue it later (thinking that I have very 'strategically' placed it in my view so to be constantly reminded when I am in that place again) ... 

Use to be a GOOD reader. 

Now just a guilty one with lots of books around the house and on my working desk...
Some with even less than 50 pages read.... 

How do you overcome that ?

P.s. I also noticed that i keep losing interest in a  story  after pausing everytime, and end up blaming the writer and then continuing  the routine of picking up a new one."
I want to know if it is absolutely ok for a man to protect himself from toxic women just like how a women protects herself from toxic men?
"So i know some elderly people who wouldnt be able to feed themselves if social security was cut, and a close relative of mine has bad schitzophrenia, and isnt able to function in society or take care of himself &amp; is on SSI. 

What happens to these people if these programs are cut."
"What do you do when you realise you cannot imagine your life without a particular person, I am not saying this in a romantically dramatic way, but literally. I break down whenever I think that there will be a time when this person won't be around. 


Aside from this, I feel completely lost in life. I don't know what I am doing and why.

Not sure if this is the right subreddit to post, so if there is a better suited place, then do tell."
"What is this woman doing in this scene here [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOkQrnyFaLA&amp;t=75](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOkQrnyFaLA&amp;t=75) from 1:15 to 1:43? I don't get it.

Why does she scream at the end? Why does she stick the tampon under water? What is the significance of the string in the toilet at the end?

For context, she is an alcoholic and woke up and found a condom wrapper earlier in the video."
"Are you repelled? Intrigued? 

If you’ve seen the reality of death up close, in all its bloody glory, can you watch a slasher flick like *Halloween* cause it’s unrealistic? Or do you try to avoid stuff like that?

Does it have any effect or would you consider yourself desensitized? 

How do you view people that enjoy it? Do you feel any resentment? Or is live and let live?"
"It's been almost 2 weeks and no one has a clue what to do? Pull up another tanker within safe distance and pump the oil out, then clean up the spill. It's not fucking rocket science"
"It's been almost 2 weeks and no one has a clue what to do? Pull up another tanker within safe distance and pump the oil out, then clean up the spill. It's not fucking rocket science"
"I THINK IVE LOST MY IMAGINATION/MIND

The past year or so, I’ve noticed my imagination has gone completely. I have a very hard time thinking/imagining things, especially people.

I can imagine faces of people but not features or anything properly, like I can imagine their outline kind of or I can imagine them but not imagine them at the same time. And it’s like I can imagine but I chose not to? 
I have trouble imagining or remembering faces or stuff in general, I imagine better with my eyes open kinda.

It’s weird because when I was a kid my imagination was too powerful, I would imagine anything like imaginary friends I used to talk to toys and stuff and had loads of imaginary friends and saw stuff and I remember one memory of a lever in my head I’d always close my eyes and everywhere was greyish and the lever in the centre and I’d imagine turning it off and on in certain things like having a good day and stuff but I think I turned my imagination off from that lever when I was a kid and I don’t know how to get it back.

I’m 18 now I used to be very creative in arts and all things but since then my creativity and imagination had gone and it’s kinda bothering me, especially not remembering faces properly, however my inner voice has compensated for it in my head I overthink everything it’s kind of like I can see my thoughts??"
"Is it the ego when the voice in the head says “I take it upon myself to make you pay for it by doing better than you,” or when it goes “you’re too small of a person for me to waste time and energy on, I’d rather be working on myself?” 

And I think at least with the first, you have spite you can use as fuel to get twice as much done in half the time. The second one is peaceful and you’re less likely to do things that are uncharacteristic or you don’t want. But you’re also likely to stay in your comfort-zone or slow pace. 

Any opinions?"
"I am anesthetist. I am considering joining Doctors Without Borders for a month, but I am wondering if it is the most effective way for me to offer up my services.

From my perspective, third world countries’ problems are self-inflicted to a degree. Citizens of these countries choose to have many children, knowing they won’t be able to provide them an ideal life, because they want a child to survive and care for them. While it is great to have many children to ensure one will survive and provide for you later on, it is quite selfish to bring in another mouth to feed when you cannot endure they have the means to do so. Why should I give up my time to only give a band-aid solution at best? Would it be better to work that month and donate that paycheck to a charity in the US that can make systemic change?"
"I know a celebrity personally and I know a few things that their fans doesn't know. Many of their fans are believing the wrong thing about them and that they're single. They don't have any intention to reveal they're dating, doing drugs etc. but is it okay for me to hint it on social platform to their fans that they're a different person from what they think? I'm irritated that they're fans are delusional and attack me for telling otherwise. What should I do? I'm a close friend to the celebrity"
"When I was young I was blissfully spontaneous. I had a short attention span, I didn't do anything that I didn't want to do. I rarely read books, and when I did I was totally gripped by the content of the book itself, and not just proud of my *commitment to the actual act of reading*. I was way less self aware, didn't have crippling OCD (that I do now), and probably had ADHD.

Then I began copying other people who I deemed to have more 'rewarding lives'. They read books, discussed and mindfully watched films &amp; tv shows, they meditated, went on runs, worked on self development, kept tidy rooms, collected &amp; cared for things. I thought, hmmm, I should get involved with these disciplines. Then like a method actor preparing for a role, I threw myself into these activities.

However, after about 7 years of doing all of these things, I don't particularly feel any happier. Instead the only real fulfilment I get from these activities is this weird self awareness where I see myself engaging with all of these things, and feel proud of this mindful guy that does all of these things. But it doesn't feel truly authentic... It's like I'm pretending to be this perfect person.

What I'm asking is this - Is there a middle ground between these two states? Or should I just abandon all of these disciplines I've instilled in my life and revert back to my chimp like former state.

What is my authentic self? My actions (mindful, healthy habits) or my thoughts (lazy, can't be bothered, instant gratification)?"
[removed]
"On that unfortunate day on Sept 11 2001 America was attacked. The twin towers fell and 3000 lives were taken from there. The perpetrator a 6'6 man hailing from Saudi Arabia who previously helped America against the Soviets. A war which he observed helped lead to the downfall of the Soviets. Their economy sunk and humiliated; their once mighty empire fell from a few religious fanatics hiding in the mountains. They had taken down an empire by over extending their military and exhausting their economy, a feat which he hoped to replicate to the next pillar of evil in this world one which was influencing the increasingly more secular Muslim world. The wicked immoral liberal west. His armies had no chance to defeat that of the most powerful nation of the world more powerful perhaps than all the militaries other than itself combined and besides that the next most powerful were all her allies. The American populace shocked and frenzied with anger demanded an answer from the then president an answer which would soon bring nightmares to the same American public who demanded them.

The two wars were colossal failures. They sunk 7 trillion dollars which could have been spent on : infrastructure, green technology/ future of energy which China now has a monopoly on,even building up your military more instead of useless operations in some desert to kill 5 fundamentalist. Osama was banking on the US response being this and boy oh boy did Bush deliver. The best way to describe what Osama did and the response is from a man you should know and his work perhaps one of the best this century so far, Yuaval Noah Harriri  ""*Terrorists* are *like* a *fly* that *tries* to *destroy* a *china shop*. The *fly* is *so weak* that it *cannot budge even* a *single teacup*. *So* it *finds* a *bull*, *gets inside its ear* and *starts buzzing*. The *bull goes wild* with *fear* and *anger*, and *destroys* the *china shop""*. While the US was focusing on this a new power was emerging one that instead of being a fly is another bull but is still not done with puberty and is still growing yet has already surpassed the size of the bull in the shop. The bull is China's economy. China's gdp in terms of the most important metric (PPP) surpassed that of the US's in 2012 and is now exponentially larger. Their military budgets have been matched essentially and China's spends more on procurement of weaponry by a factor of 2 as the US has to keep all those bases open to bomb those dangerous farmers. Instead of building up failed Iraqi and Afghani militaries they instead built their own and are now a 800 lbs gorilla in their own right . Instead of having the most advanced green tech they have allowed China to unabashedly control the future on energy by being dominated by Chinese companies. Their over spending and over extended military to crush this fly and bad fiscal policy meant that the people were justly angry at their own poverty. This has lead to the rise of buffoons like Trump who have destroyed trust in America globally. Morocco can't make deals with certain congresses only for AOC or Ted Cruz to overturn it in 4 years. All deals now are made safely with China like 5G and such. The American electorate can no longer be trusted.

Finally the third aspect. The rhetoric and actions of American public officials have made Muslims worldwide despise America and its values. If you want to secularize you are now seen as a child murdering sympathizer. American war crimes now frame discussion for much of the Muslim world and I have no doubt that Islamic populist will play clips of La Penn and Trump and show these horrific stats like a million dead Iraqis an this will shape foreign policy much how 9/11 shaped US foreign policy. Now you may think of this doesn't matter as Muslim are weak and divided but it may surprise you that by 2030 to 2050 the largest economies in the world other than the US India and China will all be extremely religious Muslim countries with Brazil and some SEA countries thrown in the mix. Indonesia is already the 5th largest economy in the world Bangladesh,Egypt and Malaysia are all growing at staggeringly quick rates other countries like Nigeria and Pakistan who are suffering from endemic corruption still have huge labor pools and when they eventuality industrialize will be the 5th and 6th largest economies in the world as GDP per capitas catch up. China wasn't a problem until it suddenly was when the world woke up to how powerful it was and I fear that these Muslim States may be on the very same trajectory. 

Somewhere I hear Bin ladin laughing in his grave as Trump makes peace with the Taliban. He won the battle and the war."
"I’m an extremely self aware person. Cigarettes make me feel cool. And that’s because there’s a whole cultural weight behind the tobacco industry pushing its image as a cool, transgressive thing to do, and I’m gullible and easily influenced. For insecure people, smoking can feel like a prop &amp; a social crutch in the great performance of a life - (look at me I’m an arty moody type) Does anyone else feel like this?"
"Let's say humans go back to living like the Middle Ages. Would we gradually be able to return to technology? I get that we've already used a lot of resources but surely there would be people that remember and record their knowledge of technology after the collapse? Since oil will be harder to come buy than it was in the past, would we be able to generate electricity in other ways, like solar or wind?"
"It is honestly something I don't understand. Whenever I see any comment or thread about relationships or loneliness it always devolves into insults and hostility. Not even from usual suspects like the forever alone crowd but from people angry at others for giving up on trying to find relationships. 


I just don't understand all the hostility, is it because their point of view is being challenged? Is it because they believe their experience is the only possible experience and that those who haven't are obviously wrong? I just wish to understand why any discussion of failure to obtain a relationship or loneliness devolves into a mudslinging fight."
Can anyone give me opinions on using Cbd with Thc for treating Breast cancer? I was chatting with someone recently who mentioned using Cbd as a way of treating/managing Cancer. But they stressed that it should contain a certain amount of Thc in order to be affective? Has anyone else heard of this?
[removed]
"Do you think that they would be amazed and see our time as a wondrous period of technological innovation, or a nightmarish cesspit of degeneracy, given they come from a time before civil rights?"
"If you ever read about the Business plot that was a plan by business entities to overthrow Roosevelt,  I think we are seeing vibes from current administration to refuse or sabotage the election . What I am seeing today look like the "" Manchurian Candidate "" movie played by Denzel Wasghinton. 


So what would be the consequences of an obviously botched election or refusal of peaceful transfer of power ,? Can the current administration make a play to hold to power and would be the effect on local level in US and internationally ?  Is it possible for trump to sabotage elections or hold to power ?"
"I'm just curious really. Is it because of karma whoring and people get jealous of upvotes? Why does it really matter, is my question.

I feel like reposts could potentially not be a bad thing, maybe someone is using Reddit during low use hours and doesn't get to see the content the first time around. Reddit is a content driven site, why hate on something if some people haven't seen it before?

I'm genuinely curious, I myself don't care about reposts because karma really doesn't matter to me"
"I recently bought a Toyota Camry (XV20) and am quite happy with my purchase. For the money I spent on the car it's been pretty good more or less and I want to keep driving it for at least another few years.

&amp;#x200B;

However I've been having problems lately with one of my lower neighbors and he's been damaging my car.

&amp;#x200B;

I live on the second floor of an apartment flat and he lives on the floor directly below me. He's been out to get me for the past five months since I moved into this flat. 

&amp;#x200B;

It's obvious he's doing this because I'm South Asian. I live in Shepparton, Australia so keep that in mind. This means that my neighbour, who's white, can easily do a lot of stuff against me without a single consequence unless I have physical proof.

&amp;#x200B;

He's been causing me problems lately with the following ways:

&amp;#x200B;

\* Throwing beer bottles at the surrounding driveways

&amp;#x200B;

\* Throwing Potato chips and their backs onto my balcony

&amp;#x200B;

\* Throwing Chocolate milk onto my balcony and putting them under my car

&amp;#x200B;

\* Egging my Car twice 

&amp;#x200B;

\* Calling me a Cunt

&amp;#x200B;

\* Now threatening to bash me and has threatened to slash my tires

&amp;#x200B;

However I can't go to the police because Australia Hate Crime laws are so weak willed that of the thousands of complaints made every year only 21 actually result in a conviction (i.e. see here [https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-05/why-are-so-few-hate-crimes/11078972](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-05/why-are-so-few-hate-crimes/11078972) and here [https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-03/hate-crimes-rarely-prosecuted-in-australia/11055938](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-03/hate-crimes-rarely-prosecuted-in-australia/11055938)).

&amp;#x200B;

Furthermore I'm stuck in this place for at least a year because of my bond in my apartment which is to last for a year. My landlord is also pretty useless as there's no doubt he'd kick me out if I don't have evidence and that this bastard would walk free no matter what. Furthermore it's pretty hard to find a flat in Shepparton so I don't have a lot of options.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm trying to get some decent, specific advice on two matters so far:

&amp;#x200B;

\* How to deal with the situation (Though I'm not asking here)

&amp;#x200B;

\* What kind of Dash Camera I can get for my car (Which I am asking here).

&amp;#x200B;

\* Or should I get a camera that looks and records at the back of my car and if so which kind?

&amp;#x200B;

I'm trying to get something reasonably priced for the most part (i.e. less than $100 AUD) and was hoping to get some advice."
"I don't mind driving all the way out of state and wherever there is the possibility for a place to stay and income. I want to take to reddit to ask people out there what is the best information to know so that I can not only prepare myself, but just to have a direction of where I need to go and what to do."
"How do people stick to their studies or go through the steps that are paralysing to even think about, in order to enjoy the result of it?
Why does putting the work in require so much mental/emotional energy?"
How to ask an unknown girl for instagram?
"So for context. I am a white Irish person living at home with my now nearly 70 year old parents in Ireland. My father made a comment that he is surprised that Huckleberry Finn is not censored because of ""all this snowflake political correctness"". I tried to tell him that not everything with the current and past social justice movements is about censorship but more about putting things in context.

What I am looking for is help with trying to articulate things like racist context of media and biases being important and acknowledging that they are not okay. For more context I have an argument about his denial of racism and in his mind things were not an issue in the past.

In my view and I may be wrong but, Huckleberry Finn sits within a contemporary historical context and our knowledge of that context is important for where it lies as a historical representation of race. My parents started making an example of how there was on BBC television ( which they watched as kids) the black and white minstrel show. How everyone thought it was amazing and they didn't think it was racist so they are not just because they liked it and watched it. 

For me the show is obviously racist as the use of blackface is completely rooted in racist unflattering depictions of people of colour. Even if you could say the ""acts"" are not unflattering or overtly negative it doesn't matter because of the origin of the entire concept.  


Also he made an argument that no one was complaining about it when the show was on air ( my counter argument was that the majority may not have had an issue with it and he just didn't know of the arguments against it).  


I just want to know if I can articulate my argument better."
"With the coronavirus pandemic hitting the U.S. hard, the uncertainty of the American economy is making itself clear. As such, I think it's worth discussing whether the U.s. shouls implement a permanent Universal Basic Income for all adult Americans.This income should be liveable and allow Americans to so the woek they personally wish to do, not what they are told they need to do. I could go fuether in-depth into this part of the argument, but I'll save it for another discussion as it in itself is worthy of its own discussion.

To stay within the scope, my main argument in favor of UBI is the uncertainty of the American economy. Nobody jobs are really set in stone. At the drop of a hat you can lose your job and thus lose all of your income. It also highlights the issues with low-income jobs. For 'essential workers' like grocery store clerks(I will admit to being among this class), they are simply in the same situation they've always been except with the added risk of them getting sick, and since many of these people cant afford health insurance, or the health insurance offered by their company has high deductibles they cant afford to pay, they're at an even greater risk. These people already barely have enough to get by(or in my situation, have to live with family and havent been able to live independently their entire life) so why are we demanding them to put their health, safety, and lives at risk when many others can go on unemployment and stay home and safe, or even work from home. I am aware that many grocery stores have increased their pay during the pandemic, but not all have(mine had a temporary $2 raise for a few weeks and a small one time bonus). A higher minimum wage might help with this a bit, but it doesn't particularly solve the issue for those who have lost their jobs, we may have unemployment and welfare, but those only help under very specific circumstances.

My proposal thus is for every American to recieve a basic, liveable income. Not only as a contingency for situations like our current pandemic, but also to help facilitate a more flexible approach to employment instead of people relying on their employer's wages, which can make it difficult for people to quit their jobs and find new work or learn new skills(I might go more in-depth with this issue in another discussion).

Tl;dr: The American economy is very uncertain so I propose a liveable UBI for every adult American. Do you agree or not, and why?"
"I'm looking for a new radar and have been looking at the Uniden R7 and R3 and the Escort Max 360. (Open to other detectors too.) I've seen really good reviews on all three of them and not much of a difference between functionalities, just difference in price. What is the best option (and value) for a long range detector? I previously had an Escort Redline and have been very pleased with it, just looking to update to something newer."
"I’ve been struggling a lot in my personal life as well as college. When I first arrived at college I had planned to apply and attend medical school after I graduated. I started off my first semester very well, earning a 4.0 on a heavy course load, adjusting pretty well to college life, getting involved in extracurriculars. Second semester I decided to join a fraternity, got a girlfriend whom I started living with the summer after. I got academically dismissed from the university and appealed to get back in. My mom found out about my academic dismissal and we decided it was best not to tell my dad, really her choice. My girlfriend and I got a dog that summer and she practically moved in with me in my apartment. I started smoking weed very often, wasn’t doing things for myself, lost 20 pounds that I had put on working out at the gym, being distant with my friends, I was sad. Year and a half later, I have 2.1 gpa now, my parents stopped paying for my school, and I have been indecisive between joining the navy or trying to turn things around in school. I’m supposed to be entering my junior year and I am quite behind in my classes. I’m just trying to figure out how to turn things around for myself. I’ve identified the problems that have caused me to fall into this mess but it comes down to fixing it. I’m afraid I’m not going to be able to achieve my goals and I’ve been worried about this since the beginning of the year when I first became honest with my Dad about it. How do I go about turning things around for myself?"
"Hello. I'm Russian. I have lived for about 20 years in the same town, and have been going by railway to a university at a nearby big city for the last 7 years.  


Until my university transferred all the students to distance learning this March, I used to go on foot to the places I needed, including going shopping in my small town, going to/from the railway station in my town to go to university, and walking from the city transport station to the university and back.  


And it is a lot of times that I have noticed the following phenomenon at the pelican crossings both in my town and in the big city:  


1. The pedestrian traffic light is red. The people are standing at the edge of the sidewalk on both sides of the pelican crossing and waiting. Most of them are not wearing headphones or holding a smartphone or other device.
2. The pedestrian traffic light changes to green, all the people on both sides of the pelican crossing wait for a couple more seconds (yes, people of all ages, including those born after the dissolution of the Soviet Union).
3. Then any person starts walking (in many cases it is me, I spend that couple of seconds looking left and right to see if all the cars have stopped).
4. And it is only then or one-two seconds later that all the other people on both sides of the pelican crossing start walking. Many of them do not turn their heads to look left or right, both before and during crossing.

I asked a graduate of my university if pedestrians in Sweden, where she often travels, also act like that. She replied that it seemed to be the case.  


I always wonder why the people wait for the first person to start crossing if, firstly, they can turn their heads and check if all the cars have stopped, and, secondly, there have been cases of cars running over lines of pedestrians at pelican crossings, i. e. the crowd is not a guarantee of safety.

  
After all, despite all the political developments, the non-political freedom that was achieved with the breakup of the Soviet Union is still there.

The Communist Party and the KGB have long been abolished. Membership in the United Russia and other establishment parties is in most cases voluntary if you work in the private sector. And even the political party membership of rank-and-file public sector workers is limited to paying fees and attending meetings with no control over their private life.

The FSB, unlike KGB, does not repress ordinary citizens for non-conformist behavior unless it is political speech or any unapproved activism, and interviews with FSB officers in public news media say that FSB does not take seriously the Soviet-style complaints about ordinary citizens it gets from the older generation.   


So, based on your experience and knowledge, how can this behavior of the pedestrians be explained? In particular, is it more post-Soviet collectivist mentality or general crowd psychology?"
"Of course defund the police is a mantra people are repeating nowadays. Not coming down on anyone for chanting it but it also makes me think about it. The PD is not an elite club with many hoops to jump through to become one. If the mentality was to become one themselves and change it from the inside, isn’t that better then to say “defund the police” and “keep cops out our communities” I’m not diminishing anyone’s right to be angry but just curious if anyone thinks that might actually do something to change how the PD works so they can be trusted and benefit society again?"
"It’s been this way since I was a kid and I’m 30 now. I’m trying to make healthier choices in life and one of those is having a healthy, substantial breakfast but I just can’t do it.

For the first 2-3 hours of every day, eating or drinking ANYTHING (water, toast, etc) will make me gag and if I force it I will throw up. Drinking is easier than eating so I’ve been trying to get a veggie smoothie in after about an hour and if I drink it slowly I can get it down. Problem is that this isn’t ideal when I have to be at work in the morning and I’m in customer service so I can’t be drinking a smoothie in front of people, especially now with covid concerns. When I don’t eat or drink anything I end up having my blood sugar drop and have passed out at work because of it before.

What causes this and what can I do about it?"
I'm constantly going through phases of trying to be just like other people and I dont know if I just dont know who I am yet or it is my personality? Any thoughts?
Qanon likes to implicate anyone who criticizes Trump into pedophilia.  Taylor has been getting louder recently.  Is she to big to implicate because she has fans that are in swing states?
"Shouldn’t it be the opposite, with America having less of a reason for an anti-smoking push than countries with publicly-funded healthcare?

(And before you mention Obamacare, Obamacare didn’t exist until after most states banned smoking in bars)."
"This is happening at work and It irritates me. 
There are two things:
1. In my site work office another female and I share the same washroom. There are two separate toilets in this washroom with mirror, vase etc. I've been using the same one n she the other. But I notice that she comes into my restroom for doing the dirty works, litters the toilet paper, and even moved my bag n kept it wherever she likes. why is she doing this ? I don't even touch or use another person's stuff nor cause them inconvenience.
 2. We don't have a cafeteria so I use a room to have lunch or tea which another lady also use. When she's using I usually walk away n come back another time so she can have her own space n we're not close. But when I'm eating, she casually walks in, sees me but proceeds to pace around and talk on the phone. I feel so uncomfortable. She could've come little bit later ? 

It's like they don't give a fuck I exist or maybe I need space or privacy. I hate being treated like this. I can't even say anything because they'll think I'm such a kiddish character but it irritates me to the bone when people don't consciously give respect to others."
"""Money doesn't grow on trees"" we have all heard this phrase at some point in our life. But what if for a tiny moment we challenge this fact and imagine a world where money does grow on trees. How would the world be different?"
"I’ve just found out that the divorce rate in the US and in Spain is approximately 40-50% and it has baffled me so much. Let’s put minor statistical aspect aside and look at the social aspect of it. Just why is the divorce rate so high? I come from Viet Nam, an Asian country where family values is highly preserved and respected. People still divorce, people still get into bad marriages all the time and I see people divorcing every now and then, yet Vietnam’s divorce rate is not even near 10%. Even when the marriage is bad, the two partners still look at their children and choose to stay with each other, both sacrifice their happiness for their children’s greater good (which is pretty common in my country). How is it possible that people can’t hold down a long-term relationship? Is there something wrong that is so deep-rooted in the society that makes its divorce rate so high?"
"I've seen countless discussions about whether you should classify Norwegian/Swedish/Danish/etc... policies as socialist or capitalist. The conclusion is inevitably ""Well whatever you call them, can we implement those ideas here?"" The answer is universally ""Ah, but those countries have smaller populations and a homogeneous culture"".

And then the discussion stops. Now call me stupid, but that's not a clear enough answer for me. If Norway can have taxes from 5 million people create a social safety net for 5 million people + visitors and immigrants, why can't the US have taxes from 330 million people create a social safety net for 330 million people + visitors and immigrants?

Further, what exactly is meant by the homogeneous culture point? I genuinely am curious because I've never once seen it expanded upon."
"When looking for product reviews online, it'd be nice to know which sites are being paid to promote good opinions in their review."
"My goal here isn't to take a side politically. A cursory inspection of my title might have you thinking this is going in the direction of gun control, but surprise! We're going the opposite direction.

I'm wondering why second amendment supporters never argued for the ownership of ""arms"" as weapons technology advanced throughout the 19th and 20th century. [We made it significantly more difficult to procure things like machine guns and suppressors in the 1930's](https://www.atf.gov/rules-and-regulations/national-firearms-act), and as far as I know, there's never been serious public discord around being able to own grenades, RPGs, surface to air missiles, attack helicopters, directed-energy weapons, laser weapons, artillery, stealth bombers, or any other modern ""arms"". (I'm excluding nuclear bombs from this question; this question is already absurd enough, we'll leave out the ""Legalize civilian nukes"" goofiness for now). If Jeff Bezos wants an aircraft carrier, shouldn't he be allowed to own one under the constitution?

There's a Thomas Jefferson quote that gets a lot of attention in this sphere:

&gt;When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.

While it is true that small arms present significant challenges for an aggressor (see: guerilla warfare in Iraq or Afghanistan), I think the rapid progression of weapon tech and our relationship with the digital world make this advantage weaker and weaker.

To be clear, I'm not saying I want frag grenades readily available for purchase at my local gun store. I'm just curious why the second amendment crowd interprets the ""right to bear arms"" as only ""semi-automatic small arms""."
"When I see news about the slashing of OT, pulling of mailboxes, and deactivating mail sorting machines, I don’t see how someone like DeJoy with an agenda would spend the money properly on funding the USPS? I want to believe that ordinary citizens can do something about it, but this just feels like a gofundme campaign that’s going nowhere."
"Now this is not in every country but I've heard that in many cultures ""white=better"" when it comes to romantic partners and academic/employment opportunities. The reverse is also true, darker skinned people are considered less intelligent, less attractive, and less employable.

&amp;#x200B;

Why is this? I've heard it's because of European imperialism in the previous centuries that established these norms."
Lets say a poor country isn't corrupt (big ask I know) how would it go about making a good judicial system if it doesn't have the money to build one?
How much infrastructure do you need to build? What would your education system have to look like and who would you model it after? How would you fix a judiciary system for inclusive institutions? How would you ensure that IP and personal property get protected? Should you ban high value added goods so your home grown products can compete? How high should your taxes be?
"Hello, wasn’t sure where to post this but here it goes:

For last couple of weeks my taste and smells have changed weirdly. Most foods, especially  meats and things fried in oil have a strong cumin-y smell, whats weirder is that my armpits smell exactly the same way. I’m drinking coke right now and it tastes like strong chemicals, not gross but definitely not like regular coke. All else feels completely normal, the only thing I can remember is in march I completely lost my sense of smell and taste for a couple days possibly due to covid.

Does anyone have any idea what this might be? 

Thanks."
"There was no anger or uproar when the 19 year old BLM protestor Oluwatoyin Salau was murdered by a black man, and Breonna Taylor's death did not seem to cause as much anger as the death of George Floyd. I get that they died under different circumstances but Salau was murdered nonetheless. And Breonna Taylor's murder, in my opinion was much more shocking (she was literally asleep in her own home, and it was later revealed that the cops were at the wrong house and the suspects they were looking for were already on custody. Not saying that having a record justifies anyone getting murdered, but George Floyd had lots of run ins with the law and a record. Breonna Taylor had no record at all) Her death to me was more of a shock than Floyd's. Why does it seem like the black women who are murdered are not recognized as much as the black men who are murdered? Am I missing something here?"
"There was no anger or uproar when the 19 year old BLM protestor Oluwatoyin Salau was murdered by a black man, and Breonna Taylor's death did not seem to cause as much anger as the death of George Floyd. I get that they died under different circumstances but Salau was murdered nonetheless. And Breonna Taylor's murder, in my opinion was much more shocking (she was literally asleep in her own home, and it was later revealed that the cops were at the wrong house and the suspects they were looking for were already on custody. Not saying that having a record justifies anyone getting murdered, but George Floyd had lots of run ins with the law and a record. Breonna Taylor had no record at all) Her death to me was more of a shock than Floyd's. Why does it seem like the black women who are murdered are not recognized as much as the black men who are murdered? Am I missing something here?"
"There was no anger or uproar when the 19 year old BLM protestor Oluwatoyin Salau was murdered by a black man, and Breonna Taylor's death did not seem to cause as much anger as the death of George Floyd. I get that they died under different circumstances but Salau was murdered nonetheless. And Breonna Taylor's murder, in my opinion was much more shocking (she was literally asleep in her own home, and it was later revealed that the cops were at the wrong house and the suspects they were looking for were already on custody. Not saying that having a record justifies anyone getting murdered, but George Floyd had lots of run ins with the law and a record. Breonna Taylor had no record at all) Her death to me was more of a shock than Floyd's. Why does it seem like the black women who are murdered are not recognized as much as the black men who are murdered? Am I missing something here?"
Would we have any good alternatives to use in tech? What kind of asset would replace it when it comes to finance? Or would governments scramble to mine asteroids for it?
"Okay, so someone brought up the question of why i dont watch a lot of black youtubers (as a black teen girl). I kinda just watch the same channels (mostly movie/internet commentary channels) and they happen to be white. With most of the things i like watching, i just find that there dont seem to be as many black youtubers in that category. And i just watch what i watch. I dont actively search for black youtubers and i dont actively search for white youtubers. I watch what i find funny. I feel like it's a bit unfair for me to feel bad about not watching many black youtubers when that doesnt really matter. Like, its just about the content for me. And again, with the commentary channels (internet stuff/movies) i watch, they have similar humor/content premise. And me enjoying the similar humor/content of some white dudes on the internet is fine. And ive found black youtubers who have similar content/humor, just not as many. The fact that i barely watch female youtubers was brought up as well. Overall, i dont really put thought regarding race/gender into what i watch and thats just because its the content that matters. Idk, it doesnt really matter lol, but what do you guys think"
[removed]
" 7 trillion dollars. That the amount spent on these wars since 2001. Money that could have been spent on improving infrastructure, on giving tax break to small businesses, on having the most advanced green technology in the world and dominating future energy markets which China unabashedly controls now.

This was *exactly* what Osama Bin Laden hoped to achieve with the Sept. 11th attacks. He learnt from the Soviets losses in Afghanistan, (a loss he believed destroyed the Soviet economy and led to the downfall of the Soviet Union) and hoped to repeat that for America. To drag them into a unending war that would sap their Military and economic power. He achieved exactly what he set out to do, America acted *exactly* the way he hoped and predicted.

How do you think these wars will be remembered."
" On that unfortunate day on Sept 11 2001 America was attacked. The twin towers fell and 3000 lives were taken from there. The perpetrator a 6'6 man hailing from Saudi Arabia who previously helped America against the Soviets. A war which he observed helped lead to the downfall of the Soviets. Their economy sunk and humiliated; their once mighty empire fell from a few religious fanatics hiding in the mountains. They had taken down an empire by over extending their military and exhausting their economy, a feat which he hoped to replicate to the next pillar of evil in this world one which was influencing the increasingly more secular Muslim world. The wicked immoral liberal west. His armies had no chance to defeat that of the most powerful nation of the world more powerful perhaps than all the militaries other than itself combined and besides that the next most powerful were all her allies. The American populace shocked and frenzied with anger demanded an answer from the then president an answer which would soon bring nightmares to the same American public who demanded them.

The two wars were colossal failures. They sunk 7 trillion dollars which could have been spent on : infrastructure, green technology/ future of energy which China now has a monopoly on,even building up your military more instead of useless operations in some desert to kill 5 fundamentalist. Osama was banking on the US response being this and boy oh boy did Bush deliver. The best way to describe what Osama did and the response is from a man you should know and his work perhaps one of the best this century so far, Yuaval Noah Harriri ""*Terrorists* are *like* a *fly* that *tries* to *destroy* a *china shop*. The *fly* is *so weak* that it *cannot budge even* a *single teacup*. *So* it *finds* a *bull*, *gets inside its ear* and *starts buzzing*. The *bull goes wild* with *fear* and *anger*, and *destroys* the *china shop""*. While the US was focusing on this a new power was emerging one that instead of being a fly is another bull but is still not done with puberty and is still growing yet has already surpassed the size of the bull in the shop. The bull is China's economy. China's gdp in terms of the most important metric (PPP) surpassed that of the US's in 2012 and is now exponentially larger. Their military budgets have been matched essentially and China's spends more on procurement of weaponry by a factor of 2 as the US has to keep all those bases open to bomb those dangerous farmers. Instead of building up failed Iraqi and Afghani militaries they instead built their own and are now a 800 lbs gorilla in their own right . Instead of having the most advanced green tech they have allowed China to unabashedly control the future on energy by being dominated by Chinese companies. Their over spending and over extended military to crush this fly and bad fiscal policy meant that the people were justly angry at their own poverty. This has lead to the rise of buffoons like Trump who have destroyed trust in America globally. Morocco can't make deals with certain congresses only for AOC or Ted Cruz to overturn it in 4 years. All deals now are made safely with China like 5G and such. The American electorate can no longer be trusted.

Finally the third aspect. The rhetoric and actions of American public officials have made Muslims worldwide despise America and its values. If you want to secularize you are now seen as a child murdering sympathizer. American war crimes now frame discussion for much of the Muslim world and I have no doubt that Islamic populist will play clips of La Penn and Trump and show these horrific stats like a million dead Iraqis an this will shape foreign policy much how 9/11 shaped US foreign policy. Now you may think of this doesn't matter as Muslim are weak and divided but it may surprise you that by 2030 to 2050 the largest economies in the world other than the US India and China will all be extremely religious Muslim countries with Brazil and some SEA countries thrown in the mix. Indonesia is already the 5th largest economy in the world Bangladesh,Egypt and Malaysia are all growing at staggeringly quick rates other countries like Nigeria and Pakistan who are suffering from endemic corruption still have huge labor pools and when they eventuality industrialize will be the 5th and 6th largest economies in the world as GDP per capitas catch up. China wasn't a problem until it suddenly was when the world woke up to how powerful it was and I fear that these Muslim States may be on the very same trajectory.

Somewhere I hear Bin ladin laughing in his grave as Trump makes peace with the Taliban. He won the battle and the war."
I am finding it difficult to eat at the moment as I go through some medical treatment. Can anyone suggest any good quality meal replacement or Protein shakes that would help me maintain weight and build up my immune system?
"In my life, I've had people who seemed open-minded, friendly, reasonable, and they were fun to hang around with. But the moment their friend(s) arrived, I started to get a bad feeling. They seem like reasonable people, but they have such horrible friends. 

Their friends for example are extremely arrogant, insufferable and being around them makes me have a horrible feeling. I asked them why they hang around with these kinds of people and why they have such low standards in choosing friends, while they deserve better friends than that. They respond to me that it's fun hanging around with them. It's not that it's just me who doesn't get along with them. Their friends are horrible to other people too. Why do people who seem so reasonable and fun hang around with such horrible people? Why such low standards? I've seen this recurring pattern.

My friends are friendly, open-minded and curious. They're a lot like me. When others meet my friends, they tell me that they're a lot like me. They say that a person's choice of friends says a lot about them, and the people they hang around with. I think it might be true in a lot of situations. Some of these reasonable people I know, turned out to be horrible people in the end anyway, but it just took some time until they showed their true nature."
What have you tried to do to get these problems solved? What happened? What do you hope for now?
Why the F not?
"Sometimes I feel like my brain is an old computer trying to run software that is too advanced for it's capabilities. Sometimes my brain honestly feels like it's overheating. 

I'm so self aware, and hyper sensitive to everything in myself and society around me - the subtle messages we send each other, the constant inner battle between inauthenticity and authenticity, the ability to twist other's perceptions of ourself by simple presentation. 

I have to keep my brain engaged with activities that don't require thinking to truly switch off - cooking is great for example. But I truly wish I was blissfully ignorant and I lived life that was directly infront of me, instead of overanalysing and overthinking everything...

I feel like the genies out of the bottle... I've been shown so much information about the world, and I don't feel clever enough to not allow it to swamp me... 

Any thoughts/ideas?"
[removed]
"i’m 19 and i’ve noticed a huge trend with bands and musicians being completely “cancelled” because of allegations that have come against them ranging in severity. off the top of my head: mac demarco, SWMRS, the growlers, banes world, etc. 

the commentary i hear going around with other young people is more of “man i miss mac demarco, but i can’t listen to him anymore obviously”. there’s also extensive effort to spread the knowledge of allegations and inform others that they should also not be listening to those artists. 

i guess i have multiple questions here. should listeners feel a moral obligation to boycott the work of these musicians? does personally abstaining from listening to them on streaming services make a difference in any way except making oneself feel better? at what point is it okay to separate the music from the artist?"
So I know in some countries weman are not equal to men but I'm talking about countrys like the U.S.A or Australia and England.
[removed]
[removed]
"So, I was wondering, do any American military vets get annoyed with the Crazy Vet Trope in American media? I ask because it seems like every time someone who happens to be a vet commits a heinous crime, the media sensationalizes it and say its due to PTSD. And it seems like every American war movie since 9/11 (e.g., Hurt Locker, American Sniper, even a movie about a military dog) portrays returning vets as deranged killer with PTSD. This, in spite of the fact that war does not always give people PTSD, and most people with PTSD are not violent.

I've even heard of American vets who have PTSD wanting treatment but hesitating because they risk being stigmatized, especially by employers."
"Giants of the past have fallen. But what seems to separate the new-era companies from the old ones is the willingness to innovate and adapt. Seems to be a lesson learnt from the past. 

The FAANG companies are in almost every field of technology and are constantly branching into more. They constantly innovate and apply new technologies without worrying about possible failure because that's the advantage a clear market domination in one field gives you. 

If a new startup comes up with an innovate product, the tech giants can simply acquire the startup or can outcompete the startup pretty easily. In either case, the giant will still remain. The last great tech company to be founded was Facebook, in 2004. They even acquired Instagram and Whatsapp to gain more market share. It seems like a new startup cannot obtain a majority of the market anymore. 

Until another groundbreaking innovation such as the internet happens or these tech companies crumble due to internal failure like mismanagement, I don't think these companies can ever be beaten outright by a startup."
"America has had its first black President, and has been very close to first female President. Could an openly gay person get elected?"
"I think its called something like hyper cancer, and from what I understand in some animals it’s what stops them from dying to cancer, and it can save humans too (in fact an article was just uploaded on reddit of it happening). I’ve looked online but I can’t find anything about it"
"(I don't know why my post title was in all caps)

My girlfriend and I are both in our early 30s and have been having talks about whether we would like to start a family. The only issue is we keep returning to the same question, ""is it a smart choice to bring a child into this chaotic world we live in?"" 

We grapple with the idea of the struggles the child would face. Where will climate change go? What of the increasingly acrimonious political debates? Those two issues are at the forefront.

Is it morally wrong to bring a child into a world that could bring them pain? What if their lives are cut short because our civilization rushes us into the next ice age? 

I could go on and on, but I'm curious members of true reddit. Have you had these same conversations? Where did you fall on this decision? 

Thank you for your time."
"i recently consumed two pieces of media that prompted me to start thinking about this question: the netflix reality dating show ""love on the spectrum"" which showcases people with autism and aspergers dating other people on the spectrum, and amy schumer's biopic which has a focus on her husband being on the autism spectrum. i personally am of the belief that the social power imbalance between NT individuals and people on the spectrum makes any sort of romantic relationship immoral and just generally not okay. i  suppose i can understand if the individual is extremely high-functioning, but it is still hard for me to completely wrap my head around. 

i was discussing this with a friend who thinks that it isn't bad in theory, so i wanted to get reddit's opinion. is this an objective matter? is it ever okay for a well-adjusted and neurotypical individual to be in an intimate relationship with someone who has a diagnosis? if you believe that the answer lies in where someone falls on the spectrum, where do you draw the line? what are some key factors that make the power imbalance too great?

i apologize if this post comes off in any way insensitive. i genuinely don't know much about this topic so i would like to be educated and hear other perspectives!"
"It has been found over and over that people who have posed great harm to the society had something underlying going on for them; could be the childhood, the environment they grew in, abusive relationships, or just the society they were a part of. 
So is there a thing called an evil person to begin with? How much blame can we put on an individual and does that really help when we introduce punishment for the individual but don’t go for the root cause? 
Could it be that we punish individuals and have a justice system only to comfort ourselves into believing that things are okay, while turning blind eye to the issues society creates as an organism? 
There’s a space between how a person is treated and the reaction he gives, and that space is free will, sure, but every person is emotionally/psychologically different, what are the grounds that we decide on that a person’s free will was really under his control?"
"Maybe this is just happening to me or maybe Reddit is trying all it can to get users to pay for premium.

Until a few weeks ago all videos and ads were on mute by default as I scrolled. Then it became a thing where if you unmute a video but continue scrolling then all the videos or ads that autoplay are also unmuted. Now if I unmute a video and then mute it the video will unmute itself as I scroll ensuring that the next ad or video plays unmuted. 

It's bad enough Facebook has similar habits to the point I don't want to use it. I have no idea how much Reddit premium costs and it wouldn't suprise me if these are tactics being used. I'll take my tin foil hat off if there's a logical explanation."
"I had it with my sister I'm starting to hate her. Today we had an argument because she's so controlling and has the most ridiculous pet peeves. When I was heading to my room I heard her talking to my brother saying how she staying calm on purpose just to keep provoking me that made me lose it. She'd always starts arguments and drama just be entertained, a few weeks ago she had a huge attitude acting like my mom who's an estj with a terrible temper. She threw a broom at my head and pulled the chair I was sitting on because I didn't do what she says. Then she was fighting with because we were supposed to be cleaning but he was hungry and wanted some food later she ranted to me on how he was worthless and she was going to get a restraining order on him when she becomes an adult. During that time surprisingly I didn't and I'm a violent person. She admitted she's likes to put people in emotional and mental and that's one of the things I despise about her, she's controlling, unrealistically arrogant, overconfident, bitchy, insensitive, manipulative, cold, unempathetic to people's feelings, and nerve provoking. She's such a hypocrite she doesn't like when someone's bothering but she enjoys to get people riled up. I have bad fantasies because of this, for example, I would fantasize about torturing, kidnapping and killing her. I would also fantasize about taking my life and letting people know she was to blame, everyone turning on her while suffering with guilt and shame which she deserves to feel. Just so you know I never have any intention to do this people think of this kind of stuff when feel they have no control over their lives. I'm an unhealthy infp so of course we aren't going to see eye to eye. What bothers me so much is I can't stay mad for long I want to but for some reason I cool off too quickly and I hate it. So the point is I'm tired of being merciful with and she needs a suitable punishment because she's emotional sadistic and loves to bring people down. How can I get revenge?"
"Right now and for the longest while I'm using the most scuffed chair ever like a funeral chair and I've been thinking what if I had a real chair I would be extremely powerful. What do you guys think? Do you think your chair is correlated to your intelligence, success and standard of living?"
I saw a post recently-ish where an uninsured someone negotiated with whomever and got their medical bill down. I have no idea how to go about this. Any advise would help :)
I saw a post recently-ish where someone called whomever and negotiated and got their medical bills reduced. How the hell do we do this? Any advice would help :) MI
"Other than the obvious being different races, what else would qualify as a couple as biracial? Do both individuals have to have a race? What if one person in the relationship doesn’t have a race and the other does? Would having different cultures qualify as biracial? If so, why? If not, why?"
"So I know depression for an example existed 1000 years ago but was not diagnosed however I feel like over the last 20 years mental illness has been more prominent in society. However in general there are better methods and therapy of combating this, also daily life is certainly not as stressful as before. So why is mental illness increasing?

Being honest I have absolutely 0 evidence and may be wrong, would like to hear your thoughts. Perhaps its just that mental illness is being talked about more instead of being more existent"
P.S. I have never met a single white or black person in my entire life so I am looking at this as a complete outsider considering how many people are cancelled for saying a word by accident
What are the pros/cons? How do you best avoid conflict when you see each other so often/have such easy access to visits?
"Im watching 8 mile, and im wondering what the outcome would have been if Chedda Bob successfully puts the gun away, do they just apologize, acknowledge they trippin, and go home, or was that a weird intermission and now its time for round 2?"
"I often see bags of dog poop, bagged and knotted, just left on the side of a walking trail, or for some reason hanging in a tree next to the trail. If you’re not going to carry it to a garbage can, why spend the effort bagging it in first place?"
"(Also gay men don't fetishize nor feel sexually excited by men with vaginas and the porn.)

Do straight men like penises?

Are straight women turned off by vaginas?

Are penises just liked by more people on their own?

Why do you think the huge imbalance exists ?"
"(Also gay men don't fetishize nor feel sexually excited by men with vaginas and the porn.)

Do straight men like penises?

Are straight women turned off by vaginas?

Are penises just liked by more people on their own?

Why do you think the huge imbalance exists ?"
do you share it with others in your life or do you keep it private?
"I say this on the back of a convo I was having with a friend. We were shit talking about 2020 and he reminded me of when that Iranian general was killed. He told me he was legit scared because he thought that Iran was going to kill us all. I who live on the internet knew that was impossible because I know that saying that the US spends more than the next 11 militaries combined and basically knew if there was a war it would be a short sad affair for Iran-but then I got thinking -who on earth in my school would be able to tell me about how much the US spend on the military? A fact that we internet hibernators probably can recite in our sleep . Also after looking at a lot of Biden Trump polls and looking at Hilary vs Trump I was shocked to find out that each candidate last time only got 25% of the vote whilst 50% of people never voted,never have and never will. Democracy could disappear tomorrow and they wouldn't know. They probably care about their wages. what they will have for dinner and if they are younger their crush - that is not to say that us internet hibernators don't care about those things but we are at least aware of many of these facts very likely to be very politically active on the internet being keyboard warriors and what not and also more likely to made up of socially awkward introverts who interact with humans far less than the average person. Do you think the average person lives a very different life and we on the internet are in a bubble of sorts?"
"I really don't get it. You're covering your mouth which is mostly left shut but you refuse to cover your nose that is being used to inhale and exhale. Besides that, does it really hurt to cover one's nose with a facemask?"
"Why are even the most non-religious, pro-choice, pro-LGBT-Rights Americans offended by their kids seeing breasts?"
So when i was younger i saw something online which badically said that they found a frog in thier unopened pepsi can. This caused me to be paranoid that i was going to find a decomposing frog in any dark liquid that i couldnt see through. Now i only drink water. So has anything similar happened to anyone?
"I'm a white dude, so I admit I have had to endure little, if any, prejudice in my life. I'm for the players' decision because it brings attention to the issue, but I have no idea how to respond when, in conversation, someone else asks, ""What do they hope to accomplish?"""
[removed]
"So this is in reference to [Spoon Theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoon_theory), if anyone is unfamiliar.

I've suffered from various mental illnesses my whole life - never anything serious, but like, mild bipolar (cyclothymia), mild depression (disthymia), mild ADHD.  I commented to my partner today about my ""perpetual spoon shortage,"" and she said ""I don't think I've ever seen you with full spoons.""  And I realized, I'm not actually sure what that would look like.

The conversations around how hard ""adulting"" is abound online, but usually are from other internet users, and many of them likely have forms of depression or other issues anyway.

What would it mean to have full spoons?"
[removed]
Who's your favorite American serial killer?
"I just recently had a thought while thinking about the possibility of infinite universes:

If there are indeed infinite universes, then that would mean there’s a 100% chance that infinite universes have people who have mastered world-hopping. If that’s the case, then with those infinite world hoppers, there’s a 100% chance that an infinite number of them have spotted our Universe, and decide to hop over here.

That means infinite numbers of World Hoppers will travel here, and will be EVERYWHERE.

Sure, out of the infinite numbers of universes out there, there’s a chance that we haven’t been spotted. However, that must mean that the universes out there are finite. While there’s a 100% chance that there’s an undiscovered universe by world-hoppers, infinity is still infinity. There’s BOUND to be a universe out there who’s residents have discovered this undiscovered universe.

Speaking of undiscovered universes, seeing there are infinite universes, there’s a 100% chance that one of these universes has yet to be discovered. With that in mind, there’s a 100% chance out there that one universe’s residents have discovered every possible universe in existence, leaving no world undiscovered.


If Infinite universes did exist, then where are these infinite travelers?"
"I'm a man in my twenties and live in Western Europe growing up, I've heard about 'toxic masculinity' but to be honest, I've never really seen it. Maybe it is subtle. It seemed that the boys and girls in my class were treated in more or less of an equal way.

&amp;#x200B;

I know that there's still a stigma on men wearing feminine attire. I've attempted to dress androgynously and got scorn, but not from anyone on the streets but from my own parents. In particular my dad. I feel this double standard exists as I know my female cousins buy clothes from the boys section and their parents allow it but would think the same if my male cousins wanted to dress androgynously.

&amp;#x200B;

But other than that, I feel that the idea of ""holding in emotions"" doesn't ring true for most young men I've met. I feel that's a relic still enforced by older men. Am I wrong?"
"Just in case, photo linked [https://imgur.com/eTvfAsr](https://imgur.com/eTvfAsr)"
"Are penises just more attractive and a turn on to men than vaginas are to women?

and vaginas more of a turn off to people/more gross/more of a deal breaker?

Seems like no sexuality is fussed on or exclusively attracted to vaginas but many people or various sexualities are fussed on and exclusively attracted to penises."
"I have three songs that always bring back a significant time in my life. 

1) I’m Sorry, I’m Trying - nothing.nowhere
This was from a time I struggled with severe depression. I was being abused by my boss and didn’t have any backing from the company. This song came up on Spotify radio on the day I drove home after standing up to him, getting moved to a new team, and finally seeing hope for the first time in 6 months. 

2) These Days - Rudimental
I was needlessly cruel to someone I loved when ending a relationship. Hearing this song made me ache to apologize, even though so much time had passed. I would attempted to reach out when drunk, then delete the message, and repeat the cycle. I hope we can get to the point where we can talk and be mutually happy about each other’s lives, even if it didn’t end up including the other one. I only want happiness for them. 

3) Somebody that I used to know - Gotye
I heard this song for the first time on the radio the moment after my first love contacted me to let me know he didn’t want me in his life anymore. Not great timing for a song, and I was definitely not a fan of hearing it EVERYWHERE for the next 5 months either. 

What are your songs? Why do they mean so much to you?"
"Hey guys. I'm writing this because i turned 22 last week and it's put a lot of things into perspective. You're at the age where you see everyone grow up and you see who they're becoming and you're proud because you've known these guys since you were kids. But you get in the position where you think to yourself "" Ok, who am i going to become?"" Human beings have a natural tendency to want to avoid pain, but than we realize it makes no sense to avoid pain because it's all a part of life. I'm sitting here 2 documents shy of enlisting in the united states navy because i figured a few years of hard work and being on a boat would probably do a good job of clearing my head. I just want my life to count man, i want to die and know i made a difference in someones life or that something small i did helped a kid understand that life is scary but if you do your best and never look back. You'll be ok, that's all. Excuse me if i sound emotional, but life is short man, and as human beings we're charged with the task of making the world a better place. We're charged with doing what we can to help people have a sense of fulfillment in life, because we know from the time we're children until the time we become adults our world view was broken. Anyway to wrap this up. If anyone is reading this, and you're having questions about life and questioning existence, and you can't help but wonder what your place in the world is. Just know you aren't the only one, and that i'm there with you trying to make the best out of this big messy situation we all call ""Life"". I love you guys man. Hope you're doing well"
"My lifelong YouTube career about to start and I decided to make videos you people want since I'm not sure about which niche to pick first.

Right now I just want to start. Depending on your comments I'll pivot or iterate in time.

&amp;#x200B;

**RULES:**

1 - Videos will be for global audience.

2 - No Pranks and Challenges

&amp;#x200B;

**IDEAS and Example Channels**

1 - Watch me eating slowly ASMR - Eat with Boki

&amp;#x200B;

*Leave your comments. I'll keep updating the list.*"
"So many of us are living with a deep awareness of major problems in our society that are impacting our quality of life. Some of those people might be closer to the problems than others, while the rest can ignore the issues to a large degree. 

Few of these people actually realize the opportunity cost of living this way... of constantly turning the other way when faced with a challenge. 

When we ignore large-scale, complex issues because we believe that they're beyond our control, **we sacrifice the life that we could be living** if we just addressed the problems head-on.  

For example, if we wanted it to be so, we could create some system similar to a basic income and have our basic necessities taken care of by default. At that point, work would be an option to gain more discretionary resources. That's just one potential way we could be living more optimally... there are many more to an almost unlimited degree, depending on our imaginations. 

But the major frustration is we're stuck in this world, as is, with the status quo breaking down on us.

&amp;#x200B;

# Questions

What do you think is the **best possible** future that we can pull off and what do you think it would take to achieve that scenario? What's the most likely scenario in your mind? And what's the worst-case scenario? Are you okay with accepting anything below the best case?"
"Everyone seems focused on optimism (and I'm not arguing against that), but let's say the vaccines only have limited effectiveness, or the distribution is limited, or people refuse the vaccine, etc.  What are the consequences for what life will be like for everyone?"
"IM NOT SAYING THE JACOB BLAKE SHOOTING WAS JUSTIFIED, COPS DONT MAKE THAT DECISION.   
What I am saying is why, in the case of Jacob Blake, Rayshard Brooks, George Floyd, all have 1 thing in common, they continually resist the police.  In all 3 of these cases, if the suspect did not resist, they would all be alive (or in Blakes case, not in the hospital).  My argument is not that they deserved to be shot and killed, but rather if they both were better, there would be no issue.  People are putting 100% of the blame on the police, and comparing them to Nazi SS soldiers, when in reality both sides are at fault."
I really don’t know anything lmao
"If we were to outlaw junk mail through the post office, what would happen? What would the impact be on the environment? Businesses? The post office?

I always say that I wish it would happen every time I get junk mail, but I am curious what you think the impact would actually be.

Thanks for answering!"
"&amp;#x200B;

Does it mean that every story is different but always based on old, old stories(Like the ‘Escaping from the monster’ ) Or ‘everything’, even the small details of the stories are done and everything is a replica of another? (Theme, plot, characters, twists, their combination etc) I’m thinking about it but for me it seems to be the first one (The second one seems absurd) But please give me some good answers"
"I stumbled upon a video of a toddler hitting their sibling with a sandal because they ""copied it from their mom"" and dove into the comments to see only one discussion about a possible child abuse happening in the family on a regular basis. The video was strictly defended by people from South America, saying it was culture and not in any way harmful.
Is it racist of me to still think violence is always the wrong way when dealing with a child?"
"I love reading about celebrities going through drug addictions, love researching my heroes to see if they've ever gone through mental health difficulties.I'm always curious to see whether people smoke or not, as it just makes them seem more intriguing. I'm not sure why this is?

I have bad anxiety myself, but never any serious problems."
"Not sure if it's the right subreddit to ask this. If there's a more suitable one please let me know. So I just finished uni (history and arcaheology). I have other stuff going on and I also just got my first job. But everything just feels like it's too much. I'm supposed to have my first day at work tomorrow and I am terrified out of my boots. I want to get away. Move to the US and pick a nice state full of green and start my life there. Be close to nature and have animals and fields and a few good people, maybe make a farm. 

It might sound ridiculous for someone my age to just want to give everything up, but I'm too scared of where my life is headed. I always wanted to live in a big city in the middle of all the noise and work my way up (I also study opera). But now that my student life is over I'm at a loss. It just feels like it's too much and I desperately need a new start, somewhere new. I don't want to throw all the work I put into my singing and studying, but at the same time I feel like there's nowhere to go from here. 've given myself this year to try it out and see how it goes and maybe I'll take the next year off to try and live in the US for a while (I got the nationality so that part is settled). 

I'd love to hear your own stories, if you ever felt like that and gotten over it, or if you followed this crazy urge and actually started over. Ramble on if you feel like it, I'd love to read your stories."
"You need this website for review:  [https://www.ericpsychic.com/](https://www.ericpsychic.com/) 

I've actually tried him and I haven't seen any fireworks. Walmart seems to have interest in hiring me (I'm looking for a job) and my former place of employment seems to want me back, but that's likely coincidence."
"I think they should be. 

A Definition of Cooperatives - A type of [company](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/company) that is [owned](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/own) partially or wholly by its [employees](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/employee), [customers](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/customer) or tenants. (Wiktionary)

 A cooperative business would give the workers and/or the consumers control of the company, and if Tesla, SpaceX, and Neuralink were a cooperatives, I think they would still be on the same track, but with workers and/or consumers deciding the course, rather than those who just buy a share."
"Would we see other Democratic nations do the same? Or would it strengthen Democracy in those nations, like how Brexit strengthened support for the EU in other EU countries?"
"I’m not one to get wrapped up in pop culture beef. For every fan there is at least one hater, that’s just how it goes.   
   
Vulgarity and sexual themes aside, there seems to be a ton of controversy surrounding the song WAP and it’s reference to “wet ass pussy”.   
   
I understand folks that aren’t into the song, whatever, but do people not understand that lubrication is a GOOD THING when it comes to sex? Is this all just media hype? Truly, how many people aren’t aware that when you’re hitting it right, things get slippery like a fish?   
   
I would also like to add that it can be perfectly natural for things to be a little on the dry side due to your own specific body and that extra artificial lubrication is perfectly fine. BUT WHAT THE FUCK!? IS BEN SHAPPIRO AND WHOEVER ELSE REALLY NOT WORKING ON GETTING THEIR LADY SLIPPERY IN BED??? Just going in dry? Zoinks Scoob."
"Hi, i had this question for a while now and the more i think of it the less it makes sense, please give me objective truths and not biased homophobic anwsers, here are my arguments

1-Things that are haram are usually things that are done by choice and that have bad consequences for the people involved here are some examples:

*Murder : Is bad because you are taking someones life (And is an action you have the choice to do)

*Stealing : is bad because you are taking someone's rightful property (Also a choice)

*Rape : Leaves victims with mental scaring and issues (Also a Choice)

*Incest : You are making babies that are nore likely to be born with disabilities

*Alcohol : is bad because it ruins your brain (Choice)

  so i don't see why homosexual thoughts and actions are considered among these since it doesn't leave Victims and is not generally a choice you have (since believe me i would have loved to choose to be straight if it meant less trouble but unfortunately homosexual people can't choose that)

2- Isn't islam supposed to be the religion of a acceptance of all despite their differences ?
why is it not when it comes to homosexuality

3-The Argument of ""God created ADAM and EVE"" implies that if anyone has autism then he isn't valid because ""Adam and Eve"" didn't, if someone is a different skin color to Adam and Eve does that mean they aren't accepted. people are different and don't fall into a singular box to tick.

4-If Sodomy is the reason you are condemning homosexual relationships, then does that mean Lesbian relationships are allowed ? i mean there is no Sodomy happening

5-""Homosexuals can't reproduce"", so can't infertile women so why are they allowed to get married and have sex, i mean they also can't reproduce

6-There is a lot of talk about ""Lut's people"" but Lut's people generally horrible people who were greedy and stingy and commited rape and incest, but also in the story of Lut when they try to rape Lut's angel visitors both men AND WOMEN were there

7- Isn't punishing homosexuality leading to more suicides which are Haram because god wants to preserve life and insits on staying healthy mentally and physically and loves all his creations equally

Again Please anwser these objectively and unbiasedly, this issue has pestered me for quite a while now."
[removed]
I did a search and didn't come up with anything.  It must working right?  They've been around for about seven years now.
"First time posting here and hope it’s the right place. Given the sheer volume of alcoholism issues and how much this effects those who personally have alcoholism or those around the alcoholic, it is baffling to me that the alcohol itself remains so easily accessible and treatment so poorly promoted or accessed. How is this any different than marijuana or cocaine, when chemical dependence and associated health risks are so high?"
"I’m fine paying for a program I will not pay a god damn subscription fee for a glorified word processor.

Any help is greatly appreciated."
"Why are women far more grossed out and turned off by vaginas and it's more of a dralbreaker if a man has a vagina, etc

When even straight men can be turned on by penises, BBC, cuckholding seeing another penis pleasure their partner, large penises in porn, women with penises (""traps"" futanari, ""shemale"" ""ladyboys"" and the porn etc etc.) Or atleast find them funny and draw them everywhere.

Is it rare to find a man as turned off and grossed out by penises/women with penises as it is to find women turned off and grossed out by vaginas/interacting with them/men with vaginas?

Or are most straight men this way? I never knew they liked penises until reading online and on reddit where it seems most do or atleast many do. So I am wondering."
"I have a problem with the American and British culture because it has a real connection to hatred and provocation through hurtful and harmful words ""triggered"", so that you find, for example, a popular figure have a great connection with bigotry and hatred like Alex Jones, and also you can see how the general climate in American politics is toxic so that you find politicians accusing and attacking each other excessively, but even the character of Trump is a realistic representation of all this hatred culture and also his success has to do with how he takes advantage of the culture of hatred and bigotry, In addition to that, you find some of the popular and trends practices associated with slander and cursing despite its packaging as funny ""RoastMe"", and also there is a culture spread in Britain where you find groups dedicated to laughter mixed with insult and rude sarcasm ""banter groups"", but many phenomena such as 4chan and 8chan have to do with this toxic culture, moreover, it causes many problems and becomes widespread worldwide with the spread of the Internet and social media.

For the record, I'm not just saying that it's all about the Anglo-Saxon countries, but just because they're the most influential people on social media and the world, but they're carving out the reality we live in, so I've seen how the culture of hatred and bigotry has become widespread on my surroundings (although I'm not American) and I hope that this problem will be discussed because it has become unbearable in general."
"I browse a couple of websites and holy shit, the far-right garbage is getting worse by the day. It has nothing to do with politics, and there are non-political aspects to these websites that are somewhat worthwhile (that, and they provide discussions that few places elsewhere do) but it's getting fucking infuriating. Tired of the casual hate speech, yet I seemingly can't stop myself from browsing these shitty places (possibly out of habit, since I've been on them since I was 12). Same with Reddit, actually. It's like I deliberately sort the comments of any random r/news or r/politics thread by some masochistic impulse. Almost like some part of me *wants* to get outraged by all the awful shit spewed by the brainless denizens of the Internet, yet I know this desire is one of the cancers afflicting social media and modern society as a whole. Drawn to the drama like a moth to the flame.

How do I help myself? Tired of having nothing better to do with my life than just browse these fucking websites and listen to the same hateful fuckers spewing their garbage about black people, transgender people, other minorities ect. ""Stop browsing those places!"". If it were that easy I'd already have done it, but I always relapse. I have no friends and feel like I'm becoming more hostile and antisocial by the day with this force-feeding into my most vicious desires. I hate my life.

First world problems"
"I was doing the math with a friend and the amount of bandwidth and data involved to both upload and process recordings is just too huge. So how exactly does it happen? 

My current theory is that recommendations come from a combination of tracking searches, texting, and some kind of cross referencing with friends’ data when they’re nearby. .

Would love a real debunk!"
"I have worked mainly in restaurants the past few years, and I've noticed something.  There are many more people, especially teenagers, that have crippling mental issues.  I don't know if this is normal for restaurants, or maybe just the area I live in.  I often get frustrated when working with them, because I often have to pick up the slack.  Here are some real examples of people I've worked with.

&amp;#x200B;

One girl would run away from the register if a customer talked to her too loud.  With everyone wearing masks, people are naturally talking louder anyway.  She will go to the back to cry for 10 minutes before coming back out.  After that there is only a 50/50 chance of her continuing her shift and not asking to go home.  The management did nothing about this.  They would let her sit in the back for 20 minutes and not even clock out.  If I asked for a 20 minute break to be paid, they would laugh in my face.  Plus I would have to pick up the slack because she basically would just walk off the floor without notice.  

&amp;#x200B;

I've also seen a lot of transgender teens get hired in recent years.  Honestly, most are pretty chill.  They don't get upset if you call them the wrong name or pronoun accidentally.  We did have one person though that was a big problem.  So they were biologically female.  You could tell by looking at them because they had breasts, long hair, makeup, and even a female name.  You would say they are a girl.  However they wanted to be called by he/him.  I found it really confusing, and so did everyone else on the staff.  They would flip out on customers if they said something like ""excuse me miss.""  I was again upset with management because I feel like if I talked to customers like that, I would get fired.  It seems they were able to get away with it because they didn't want to offend a ""trans"" person.  I put trans in quotes because I'm not even so sure how sincere they were.  I honestly think they were doing it to mess with people.

&amp;#x200B;

Oh... and the granddaddy of all crazy teenagers.  This one I work with now.  They refused to learn how to take orders at the register because of their anxiety.  No problem, we'll just train them to help prep food.  Well they can't do that because touching food that is ""squishy"" is triggering to them and they will have a breakdown and cry.  So basically the only job they can do is run orders out to customers.  If food is on a tray or in a bag, it's okay to touch apparently.  That is literally all she can do, and doesn't take a lot of brain power to accomplish.  However she would keep disappearing every 10 minutes to go cry in the back and have a panic attack.  She couldn't spend a whole 30 minutes on the floor at one time.  Of course she has dayside availability because of online school, so we kind of need her right now.  We are short staffed already, and it helps just to have another pair of hands to run orders out.  She can't even do that, and the management doesn't do anything about it.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm hoping some of you may have some insight.  It's been this way for the past two restaurants I've worked at.  This is so commonplace now that I'm scared for the future.  I have always believed that jobs that hire teenagers can also serve to teach them important life skills and responsibilities.  However, these kids look like they are beyond help.  If I was a manager, I don't think I could put up with any of them.  I'd rather run short than try to put up with these issues, especially since I don't think all of them are sincere."
"Particularly at a high level, can you have one without the other or is there an inherent overlap? Or, are they essentially the same and interchangeable?

Does any activity pursued at a high level involve an element of artistry or craftsmanship?

Is the difference between to two a question of intent or practical use?"
[removed]
"I'm totally screwed up guys. I'm 20(M) and I'm stuck in my hometown because of the pandemic. My college will start anytime soon.
So there's this cousin of mine who's in sobriety under my watch. He shoots up drugs and we have consulted him to many doctors and none of it is not being helpful. This sucks. Now after he had a seizure because of the overdose of drugs we expected him to change but it doesn't seem like he's trying to change. He's 23(M). I will be babysitting him and monitor him the whole fucking time by keeping my chores, college work away. Taking care of him is my priority. Now after all these happenings, he still doesn't want to change and giveup drugs. He has financially and emotionally caused a lot of trouble to the family.
Because of this issue I'm having troubled sleep and I'm so stressed. I feel like having to monitor his every actions is draining the fuck Outta me. Please help me! Also, we have seeked various professional helps, rehabs and nothing seems like effective just like how they show in the movies. I want him to change. His parents are emotionallydead and financially he has costed a fortune. Please help me out with the right mindset and solution."
[removed]
"I'm planning to move to the US, but apparently you need a credit score for everything. WHAT IS CREDIT SCORE!"
"I often see people praising others for exceptional acts of kindness or altruism and i was wondering if there is a downside to living your life in such a way in general. Obviously it increases your chances of being exploited and i believe always putting other people needs in higher priority than your own would also be detrimental to your mental health in the long run. So what i am getting at is if there is a ""proper"" way to measure it in your own life or if it is just something you do because you feel like it."
"How is it that from when a dude who is lgbqtq hits on me it’s bold n to the point no filter but when it comes to chicks it’s almost like a secret?, Like with gay men it tends to be 1 of those “in sorry but you are so hot”, n on the other hand with females it varies from either shyness or giving off choosing signals but nothing verbally blatant..

Edit:I’d like to also add that I don’t get weirded out by compliments bc a compliment is a compliment..N I don’t consider my self the hottest piece of meat but also not the ugliest..my mom always said “if another guy tries to hit on you just remember that they tend to be super pickey when it comes to looks”"
Firstly I think there will be a huge increase in suburban life as in people would rather move to places with large family homes and good schools rather than expensive cities and high cost of living. What other impacts do you think will happen?
"For a long time now, I've been thinking about multigenerational projects. Notre Dame, the Great Wall, the pyramids, all the great wonders. We haven't done anything quite like that i a very long time. I know the things that keep us from doing them, but there are so many things we could be doing. a dyson sphere, a self-sufficient, mars colony, so many things. How would you go about bringing people back into the loop on these large scale projects?"
" If someone is an employee and works around 50-60 hours per day, why the hell do scumbag employers try to only pay salary even though that person should receive around 10-20 hours of pay per week extra? I'm just completely appalled, when those scumbags make so much money, why are so many of these morons trying to force us employees to do stuff for free? I'm sorry for rant..."
"I apologize it may not sound like not a very high quality question. 

The last quote I put there has a story. I has high empathy naturally, when I was a kid may be an 11 years old, I was naughty, I remembered I beat my cousin and I start feeling gulity and empathetic. I said to myself at the time (No *my name* you should be cruel, kindness is for weak people. My heart should be cold) and it happens that I started to feel this coldness and emptyness. It was nt a cool feeling by nooooo means. The feeling was like a painless suffering. I really cant describe it but it wasnt cool even from a selfishness point of view but I felt no empathy which was my aim, my brain literally respond to me. after a hour or 2 it has gone. Moral of the story, i truelly believe if I repeated what Ive done more times a big change would happens. It amazes me how my brain was malleable as a kid. Now 23yo If I told my self this I will feel speaking to a wall. (And I dont desire to be ruthless)."
"I’m an 18 year old senior in high school.  Since quarantine started I’ve been high. I haven’t been sober in months. But I’ve realized that the speed of my thoughts, motivation, and my creativity. Have all came became very slow. I will mentally blank where before I was a quick thinking individual. I haven’t become dumb as a person, Although it has made me socially awkward in public if I’m not smoking with the people in the room. It’s like I’m living in my own thoughts and not actually in the moment, and here’s what brought me here.  Me and my 2 good friends did an eighth of shrooms last night. For the first 2 1/2 hours I saw no visuals at all. My friends (who keep in mind smoke 3-5 times a week as I smoke 5 times a day) We’re trippin balls and I decided to use weed to see if it would activate it. And it did. But It made the shrooms into a very awful trip where it didn’t feel like I had a mouth and it felt like my bottom jaw was out of place. It was one of the most uncomfortable experiences in my life. But here’s the thing, In the last month or 2 on occasions I’ve been having Temporomandibular joint dysfunction (TMJ) when I smoke. Which if you don’t know what it is it’s the tightening of someone’s jaw. Not as bad as lockjaw but it is very uncomfortable and I believe the amount of weed I’ve smoked is the immediate cause for that. I don’t want to quit quit. But I don’t want to smoke every day all day anymore. My plan was to only smoke after 10 pm. Because I have trouble sleeping and it’s a good relaxer meaning I can use my mind throughout the day and sleep soundly at night. 
Another way I thought about reestablishing my missing psyche was to micro dose lsd (10mg every 3-4 days) I’ve taken lsd and it helped me with depression and anxiety but weed has brought me back down and taken effects away from lsd that I wish I could experience again. 
But I’ve been reading that if you micro dose lsd it can spark creativity and help social anxiety. 
I’ve been thinking about quitting for over a month now. Any advice or personal story would help me out, Thank you - psycheque

P.S. The shrooms trip became very beautiful and nice after an hour or 2 of panic and I ended with the mindset of not needing weed as a crutch. So I’m happy that my bad trip turned good and came out with a positive mental state."
"My bachelor studies are from France and my graduate studies are from Germany. Just for the context, they both use different grading systems, French one uses a scale of 20 with 20 being the highest while the German one uses a scale of 1 to 5 with 1 being the highest respectively.

I am applying for different software engineer roles across Europe, should I convert those to a single scale such as GPA or should I leave as it is for my Resume with sufficient clues about their scale. The reason for that, their scales are much confusing when me happening to discuss it with my friends, parents and I'm wondering if the recruiters may have the same experience?

If the question is too vague, please tip off me and I'll try to rephrase it to make it more understandable."
What steps would a country have to perform to have better scientific output/institutions/knowledge? If any of you are scientist's working in a lab in whatever country tell me of the bureaucratic reforms or financial reforms you would like to see that would massively increase the output of how much science/scientific discoveries you would produce a year? How much do you reckon your budget would need to increase and structural changes need to take place for you to see a large increase in science up to a level where there would be diminishing returns.
"A subject that intrigued me for a while is how power affect people and how much unchecked or absolute power affect people. Lord John  Acton have a good amount of saying about power and goverment but the most famous is :"" power tend to corrupt and absolute power corrupt absolutely.""

I live in the region of middle East which is a trove for Psychiatrist for dictators gone insane with power or show inhumane level of corruption . Basically a patriarchal system where the head of family can do no wrong ; the book "" superman is an Arab "" is a nice read on subject.

Some people could be born competant and good and some  selfish and corrupt. I am interest if any say of revolutionaries that reached power had at first benevolent intent and then go bad with unchecked power or just hiding their lust of power? Quadafi was a revolutionary and then years later he declared himself king of Africa a nice example of power going to once head. Another example would be Erdogan who called himself a reformer and statesman and now declare himself the heir of the Ottoman emperors. 

But it isn't just heads of state but a more local situation like policing or companies can show abuse of powers . In US , we see a rather belligerent and violent police compared to other develloped countries.  It have a history of different abuse on minorities and lack of oversight that gave it a bad rep and a culture of corruption and violence.

Power can go the heads of CEOs and executives in the coming age of Mega-Corporation . We have seen giants like Facebook and other media empires using their business to less scrupulous intent. 

So basically , does power corrupt everybody ? Or does the so called "" reformist "" or "" revolutionary "" we're corrupt from the first .  So does unchecked power can generate negative mental states like Narcissist and ego-mania or such traits already exist in persons ?"
[removed]
With the deaths of Muslims in concentration camps now reported as being higher than how many Jews died in the holocaust. Whats it gonna take for our leaders to stand up and do something?
"Theoretically, if you believe abortion is murder, isn’t that still the case here? If it’s about the sanctity of life why does the mother’s circumstance matter? 

(I promise I’m asking this in good faith, really do want to understand the logic of a fairly common position)"
I asked a similar question on another Reddit board but I wonder what is it about school that tends to alienate otherwise smart individuals? I will admit that I am far from an expert on the Education system (especially the system we have in the U.S.)  but what are some very valid criticisms of the school system that alienates some students?
"So I've been dating this really nice girl for a couple weeks, and it's been a really good time so far.

She has been helping me with rebuilding my house and we've been on a couple dates, but I can't seem to get comfortable with the idea of having a serious relationship with her.

A couple of reasons being she has no ambition career wise, doesn't have occupations like a hobby of some sort unlike me.

So I guess the question is : am I doing her wrong by still dating her?

I like her alot as a person but I can't see a future with her?"
I am thinking of getting a work from home job. I was wondering what is it like to work from home? How are you coping with it?
[removed]
"I know we sometimes talk about insane amounts of money changing lives. Yes, 37 million would change anyone's life. But, what's a realistic number that would change your life?

For me, $80,000 would completely change things for me. I would be able to pay off all of my debt and have about 10k left to put toward a new car and less mechanical problems with my current one.

How about you? How much money would it take to change your life?"
I need the answer for an essay that I have to do.
"I recently stumbled upon several instagram pages that all praise on being financially independent or on building your own (online) business. Apparently these sides all condemn being employed, having a boss over and having a dull nine-to-five job. All with the argument of being free and independent. But I feel like those people aren't free at all, if you're an entrepreneur or work somewhere for a company you're inevitably involved into economy and you're not free there (e. g. you can't just sell what you want if there's no market for it).You always have to work for something (may it be a particular company or more generally the economy or the state)."
"At some point we as humans started to think and eventually philosophers found questions on why we're here or others invented great things.

But how did we realise that we could think in such a complex manner?And what was the first thought that ever came together?"
Which language learning sites on here are the most active with the most helpful replies?
"I have a better relationship with my mom than my dad. My dad never really cared for me, why is it that i look up to him? It makes more sense to look up to my mother, i rarely see my father but still i see him as a ""special"" person. Please explain."
With people now in Quarintine more than ever. How hard is it for people to find a full time work from home job?
"Almost everytime I see an update of COVID-19 news, there is some bit of politics involved and when there is politics, there are bound to be emotional reactions and uproars and so on.

It really sucks that either are taking advantage of this to promote their own agenda, or people are eager to point fingers because of someone else's agenda when in reality, the virus does not care who you are, only if you have been contaminated with it or not."
"[https://nori.com/](https://nori.com/)

&amp;#x200B;

Apologies in advance for the wall of text, but i wanted to set out what this company does and how it does it (according to them) in order to spark a more informed discussion.

I've just purchased one ton of carbon removal from this company. They are a touch unclear on details but basically the way it works is that farmers in the scheme adopt particular farming techniques in order to sequester carbon at a higher rate than their normal methods. Once they have recorded one ton of removal, they send this information to Nori who pay them for their efforts, funded by credits bought by people such as myself. Each ton must remain sequestered from the atmosphere for a minimum of 10 years, according to Nori.

In terms of the science, the idea is simple, that you can move carbon from the atmosphere into the soil using plants. It was previously my understanding that all or at least the majority of the carbon plants remove from the air is then found in the plant biomass itself, thus releasing it again as it rots/burns etc. According to Nori though, a decent amount is actually stored in the soil in the form of microbes, again, something which you can affect by your farming practices. I presume they know the rate at which this CO2 then leaves the soil (presumably this is affected by the concentration in the soil, so scaling may be an issue). 

In any case, they claim, again with slightly sparse details, that such a method can store ""gigatonnes"" of carbon, which compares to the 880 gigatonnes humans have released and the 1.5 trillion (I think 1.5K gigatonnes?) we need to remove to reverse climate change, according to their claims. Now, what i'm not sure of, is whether or not it would be in principle possible to use all of the arable land in the world (or at least all the arable land we currently use for farming) to store this much carbon with their methods- is this in principle possible? That is my main question I'd like to see discussed here.

My overall thoughts on this is that it is a very good idea- it gives individuals some level of control over climate change, purchasing credits allows Nori to go out and find more farmers to get onto this scheme, who can actually be given a financial incentive to help, not to mention, overtime, they could diversify their carbon removal methods to include direct air capture and storage, for example. My main concern is that this is a solution which, even at its maximum theoretical scale, is still too small to fully address climate change."
"I am going to try to keep this as short as possible because this sub-reddit does not allow long posts apparently

 I am not saying that there is no such thing as oppression, unfair treatment of minorities and desire for system changes. By all means, if such a change is desired than go for it.

But I feel like all this ""woke"" culture is literally everywhere - from demanding diversity and embracing about being different, to the desire to stand out or fight against authority or whatever strong figure that this culture demands as to fight.

A few examples:

*  someone adding a diverse character in a film but the only defining trait is that this person is diverse and nothing else. Ok then, what else? What else is there to this character apart from the fact that he is diverse?
*  The pointless ads on Youtube that are clearly meant to exploit this ""woke"" culture with the same old message *""it makes me sad that people are going on with this old way that is so inefficient""* making it as though they became aware of something and would like to change it but does not say what is that is so inefficient or what is that they would like to change or how they would like to change it 
*  Screaming out loud on the top of your lungs about embracing your culture or your rights or whatever when nobody else seems to be demanding it like being transexual and demanding respect but being aggressive about it
* Screaming and encouraging to stand out without clarifying the where and when because being different does not mean that it is valid or useful

It is ironic that on how ineffective this is because this quantity of this done over and over again without the adequate quality has become so annoying that it makes me want to walk away from listening to these ads and messages which is completely the opposite of what these things are trying to convey. 

It makes think that some of this ""wokeness"" comes from a place of bias or seeking confirmation bias or a sort of projection."
" I am going to try to keep this as short as possible because this subreddit does not allow long posts apparently.

Spreading awareness is a complicated issue (and so is mental health) because you have to compile long lists of data and research in a simple pile for everyone to understand. But I feel that this can be done in a much better way.

I feel that mental health awareness is more about sensationalised/romanticised marketing where the aim is more about profiting from these hardships instead of giving the right messages on how to deal with said issues. 

&amp;#x200B;

For example, I have heard this phrase countless times ""this guy (ex: Einstein) was pretty smart. He must have been autistic"".

Ok fine, maybe he was but what does that have to do with anything? Do you have to be autistic to be smart or gifted? Why should all of their habits, traits and behaviours be related to their mental disorders or whatever kind of mental quirk that they have?

 I have heard and seen this type of romanticized model of mental illness countless times where people who were smart or had an influence on the world in some way had mental illness, or fictional characters in films or TV who are influential or legendary have mental illness. 

It is ironic that you are trying to make this person more appealing because of his/her mental health issue but you so focused on this trait that it becomes a defining trait and neglects everything else.

So you are basically replacing one label with another

Not to mention the over-emphasis on the benefits or the more romanticised side of mental illness without focusing on the realistic side of the issue. Trust me, I know that autistic people can potentially be brilliant people underneath, or a person with depression can make beautiful art.

But very little is shown how difficult it is to be around with these people or how difficult it is to live with these kinds of issues.

I feel that this is like the X-Factor where you put this sob story where you are meant to feel sorry for these people or feel pity but you do not give them that sense of humanity and it is just there to exploit our emotions for the sake of marketing and sensationalism without focusing on the real issues that how to deal with them"
[removed]
What is the best image search site..a fake model added me n I tried both google n bing n got nothing
"Redpilled(as in redpilled i don’t mean right wing/conservative) guys of reddit, was there ever a chick that u knew that made u take a step back that made u question wether the redpill is the truth, being purple pilled isn’t terrible or redpilled is situational(if I’m using the phrase correctly..I’ll give a example I dealt with, I used to be super close with a chick n HS, till both her parents passed , she survived by couch hoping,developed a coke habit to numb the pain..we both graduated n I we wernt close anymore n having a convo n catching up was few and far inbetween,she’ll say she misses me but doesn’t commit to plans,Every time i ask to hang out she asks if i drive,only talk through  snap,etc..I got into the redpill mindset n finding out about how hypergamy increase with age and so on an so fourth it had me all like “ohh she stopped fuckin with me bc I cared about her n I don’t got a car n shit like most guys my age,watch she’s prolly gonna hit me up once i have my own everything” but with her situation @ hand it sort of gives me the benefit of the doubt on wether I’m being bitter..I don’t talk to her anymore but Ik she’s in college,quit coke, n the rest is unknown..was I over thinking or not? Have a similar story?"
"I’m watching an anime right now mostly about dudes going through puberty and getting interested in pornography. I was wondering if anybody still buys physical copies of a porn, like a DVD/magazine, or if everything that you view is online. I don’t know if this question goes against the rules, but I couldn’t any other subreddit I could ask this on."
Why is it happening? Why now?
"I have a friend who insists that the government, or police, or some other entity gang stalked him to the point he attempted suicide.  He cannot give a reason why. He cannot give a reason why they suddenly stopped. Why they failed to achieve any goal if he is still alive, still spouting anti-government, NWO, conspiracies. 

He can't answer why there are so many people out there who insist it happened them but were all left alone after a point.  I do understand that the FBI did this at one time to combat Communism  creeping into the US and threatening Democracy. 

I've read the good, the bad and what's in between. 

If it does not happen, what causes people to reach a state in which they think it IS happening. That everyone around them in life is a part of it. That they whisper things that only you could know to you. That they find you in off-grid places and know when you are there. 

If so.. WHY? Why give up? Why leave so many witnesses if you never had a lasting impact and they still do (presumably) whatever got them under the eye of Gang Stalking in the first place?"
"The pandemic, wildfires, insane heat, floods, Nazis.. everything I’ve been reading about climate change that was supposed to happen in a few decades is happening now, all at once. It just feels like this is it. The world has shifted and it doesn’t seem like it’s going to go back. Is this the beginning of the end?"
"I get really turned off every day when I have to “mother” my husband. He grew up as an only child and has been catered to all his life. He has a heart of gold &amp; would do anything for me...but how do I tell him the biggest turn off for a wife is having to essentially be his mom? 

It makes my skin crawl and I’m trying to make it work because he truly does care about me. But I get probably 75 questions a day about basic domestic things &amp; he literally doesn’t know how to survive without me. 

How do I not act like an ungrateful prick?"
[removed]
"I don't think this is necessarily going to happen or anything, but I'm curious about what first and second order effects would arise from the US amicably deciding to split itself where for instance, blue and red states form two separate sovereign entities, or into even smaller but ideologically similar territories -- draw it up however you think it would most feasibly work out.

In my experience, entities (gov't, corporate, etc.) tend to operate more effectively when siloed into smaller units. It seems as if a lot of inefficiency in federal government stems from the fact that frankly, governing 330 million people is difficult. Bills have to withstand the fact that they may have extreme support from the religious base in the South but also extreme resistance from a liberal base in New York, for instance. Is that kind of gridlock good?

I imagine if split up, incentives between the governing bodies and their constituents could be much more closely aligned, problems could be handled with more focused/localized nuance, and political fighting could be much more infrequent if territorial lines were redrawn. Blue Illinois could just treat Red Missouri the same way we currently treat other adjacent countries: a territory with a potentially different political system, possibly even culture, but with whom we can still more or less get along with politically and economically.

Of course, individual states have their own red and blue bases, but for the most part, wouldn't governing e.g. Colorado as its own individual country be a lot easier? Could an amicable split even be possible or would it always amount to some form of conflict?"
If you were running a country how would you fund its research institutions and such? How much would you fund it. Plus if you are a college administrator or scientist and double plus if you are both. How much funding do you reckon is necessary to maximize the amount of research that comes out. What is the technological infrastructure needed to have the most quality citations not the crap that China mainly pushes out though they are undeniably top 2 when it does come to 2nd best scientific papers. How would you make the best universities in the world would you splash down funding for them. Would you build something similar to a large hadron collider or Hubble telescope so they could have an advantage and be the pioneers of science? How much of GDP would you spend on r and d. How much would you fund a space program and if any of you are close to this how much of it would trickle down like would we have a new internet or something?
"What if Kim jong-un said fuck it and nuked everything on his deathbed?

&amp;#x200B;

would that be ww3, would we all end up dying?"
"I saw a post about Harambe that said “a human life matters more than a gorilla.” And while that does make sense, I wanna know why I think it’s true. 

Is it because humans are more intelligent? If so, I’m sure you could find a gorilla that’s smarter than a severely mentally disabled person. Does the gorilla matter more than them? What determines worth? Is there something special about being Homo sapiens that makes us more important? Is it just protection of our own kind?"
I dont understand why they would do it? What do they gain from it? I get they are anti-women or find the male superior or blablabla but why go as far as to mutilate them?
[removed]
"So this is my first post and I just need some advice and asap... i work at a kennel and im currently a supervisor and i use to love my job but the past year I been feeling less and less like I want to be there. My manager hires family (this isn't her business she's not related to the owner) her daughter is a supervisor too but acts like a manager. Her niece works kennel but is currently at school. I have been told that im not doing my job right but not being shown what im doing wrong and how to fix it, instead lately after I was laid off from covid through a text message after my shift that day and now coming back they just been pushing me away from some of my job so now I really don't like being there. Plus im constantly being told im doing stuff wrong but no explanation. Yesterday I had my 3rd write up and to be honest im not really sure for what I was so shaken up i didnt read it and signed it. I was also offered a garenteed job somewhere else yesterday but im not sure if I should take it id be happier with new management and its closer to home. Although it is a gas station so sadly no animals and id be losing about 16 hrs and making about 2 dollars less. I know I could still cover bills if I manage some stuff and help with my fiance too. Everyone I've asked says do it except my mother who is well a karen and doesn't approve of me moving out with my fiance who she hates. Not sure what I should do but I need to make a decision asap I basically start training monday for the gas station."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
20 years ago the situation currently in the US would has been seen as unimaginable. People genuinely fearing that a president could refuse to admit defeat. Extreme racial tensions. There are no extreme views on either side of spectrum making the overton window of discussion downright terrifying. Social media has revolutionized media when before all the 'establishment' I hues you could say agreeing on 50% of the stuff now you have social media pages actively catering to just 10% of the population and genuinely fringe stuff. What has made America so polarized?
[removed]
"I've always been curious about this but I've never been able to find any online discussions of a similar subject matter.

Basically, the fear that men and women exhibit towards the concept of asking their crush out is an ancient and virtually universal behavioral standard. I am curious, however as to the cause of this behavior other than just ''fear of rejection'', is this fear a natural part of human behavior or is it influenced by modern society or civilization? 

Are there any records for how far back this behavior goes in human history?

Is it possible to achieve a society where the personal expression of romantic interest wouldn't warrant natural anxiety?"
"I know posts regarding repost-hate (or love) frequent Reddit, and probably subreddit, but I just wanted to emphasize how important reposts can be. As u/shinjuki once said, it's your turn to have a new, fresh conversation with a post; it's so important to let people enjoy and share the content the same way that the original posters did, especially in a time that's so saturated with terrible news.  The internet is a living, breathing mechanism that thrives off of shared joy.  Let's not starve something we love :)"
"\- **Pay for sex**

Depends on what the incel wants.  There are some things sex workers can provide, and there are only thing that women who genuinely love a man can provide. 

**- Incels should go talk to women if they want a lover**

It goes like this in the city where I live

Guy - "" Hi my name is.... ""

Girl - "" GT F O you disgusting animal you have 3 seconds before I call for all cops within 500 miles radius ""

**== PROOF ==**

I thought I was doing something wrong, but other men told me they noticed similar patterns when trying to interact with women.  And after hearing such vicious rejections quite a few times, most of the confidence is destroyed!"
"I’m conflicted. 
On one hand, I believe that low income communities with an excess of policing and a high percentage of minorities is a problem that can be fixed by funneling more resources into the educational system. I’m also against racism, like most normal people. 

On the other hand, BLM has a lot of problems. For one, as more of a movement than an organization, it’s more of a scattershot of ideas. I know that every organization has its extremists, but BLM seems to have a disproportionate amount. I haven’t heard of any leadership going against these extremists or saying that they’re not a part of the movement, but that just may be me. That ties into the lack of organization BLM seems to exhibit. They tend to misuse statistics to push their agenda. Also, they’re not clear with where the donated money goes. 

Right now, my personal consensus is that I support the movement, but not the organization"
"In our Sol System, Earth is the only habitable planet in the system. Being able to breathe in the atmosphere unaided is a definite plus when colonizing a new planet, as is having access to liquid water. 

[Venera VII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venera_7), launched by the Soviet Union was the 1st to make a soft landing on December 15, 1970. Humanity has had pictures of Venus since December 14, 1962, thanks to [Mariner II](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariner_2).

What sort of society would develop with knowing that there was a habitable, albeit empty planet right next door? What kind of US Space Program would develop, especially right on the end of the Apollo Program? What sort of society would we be living in 50 years on from the first robotic probes."
If you were running a country how would you fund its research institutions and such? How much would you fund it. Plus if you are a college administrator or scientist and double plus if you are both. How much funding do you reckon is necessary to maximize the amount of research that comes out. What is the technological infrastructure needed to have the most quality citations not the crap that China mainly pushes out though they are undeniably top 2 when it does come to 2nd best scientific papers. How would you make the best universities in the world would you splash down funding for them. Would you build something similar to a large hadron collider or Hubble telescope so they could have an advantage and be the pioneers of science? How much of GDP would you spend on r and d. How much would you fund a space program and if any of you are close to this how much of it would trickle down like would we have a new internet or something?
"I was raised in the US Midwest in the 1980’s. I was taught about decades of US citizens and government officials identifying  impossible issues and problems and they fixed them. From our overnight transition from a civilian manufacturing economy to military manufacturing ahead of WW2, to our investment in STEM education in the 1950’s in response to Sputnik, the polio vaccine, landing on the moon within a decade of the programs inception, rampant air pollution, THE INTERNET!  

Now, all I hear on tv and from public officials is how problems aren’t solvable. Mass gun homicide? Nothing can be done. Healthcare crisis? No answers. Climate Change? No options. COVID? It’s out of our control. 

When did America pivot from being the problem solvers to being the problem enablers?"
"I just can't help but think that if the leader of the executive branch got up to a podium, put his base aside, and admit that there are systemic issues that need to be addressed- how differently would the aftermath of the murder of George Floyd looked? 

I get that his base is reliant on him always ""backing the blue,"" but in this moment if he would have remembered he was the president of all of us maybe he would have been able to speak that way, too, instead of encouraging violence by his base against protesters."
"(I had no idea where else to post this so I came here)
Even if I’m at a close friend’s or relative’s house, I always feel guilty for using and dirtying their dishes and feel obligated to wash them myself. 

I hate feeling like I’m putting extra unnecessary workload on the host to wash MY dishes- people catering to me also brings on a truckload of guilt- *I* used the dishes, so *I* will happily wash them!! Or should I not?? 

Would it be seen as an invasion of privacy/disrespecting boundaries if I’m at an acquaintance’s house? Or would they view it as a kind/helpful gesture? Maybe I’m overthinking this lol."
"I know it's a bit of a generalisation, but stereotypically smart individuals tend to share the same characteristics - a lack of athleticism, an anxious demeanour, sometimes a high-pitch, fast manner of speech. Think Elon Musk or Jesse Eisenberg. Basically, the stereotypical 'nerd' who tends to get bullied by the 'jock' in high school. But why is this so often the case? Wouldn't we have adapted to retain the traits of the 'jock' while also increasing our intelligence?"
"I hear so many claims on social media, and other platforms, but I am finding it very difficult to independently verify this group as any kind of a serious threat. Especially given the massive profile they’re getting right now. What is the true  size? How can we verify it?"
[removed]
[removed]
"On one hand, men are usually more stoic and show less emotion. However, anger problems are a lot more prevalent in men. Many of them don't consider anger an emotion, but it is, and a lot of them have anger problems. 

On the other hand though...women are more emotional most of the time, and the world is quite unfair to anyone who's not a rich white male. Making minority groups and women angrier. 

Some studies also say male and female emotion aren't all that different, that it's more of a social construct, and that they're more similar, but...I'm not a scientist, so I don't know."
[removed]
"As someone who lives in the US, I can see nationalism slowly become more and more dangerous, to the point that it is often indistinguishable from xenophobia. People are very quick to turn a blind eye to human rights violations, and when they are unable to, they make excuses for it. Hispanics, African Americans, and middle eastern people are often blamed for problems in the US. People suspected of being “illegal” are detained in filthy conditions that have lead to death, and some are being forced to undergo sterilization (which can be viewed as a form of eugenics). Finally, being against facism is now considered terrorism by the president and the right. When we think of horrific human rights violations, such as the holocaust or slavery, we often don’t imagine how many people can find excuses or stay ignorant about it. I am curious to know what y’all think about how our modern American politics, policies, and culture compare to Nazi Germany, as well as other countries and leaders that also had parallels to the USA. 
(Also please keep it civil i would like to not have this post get locked)"
 [This is an extraordinarily depressing report on China's military build up and it shows that they are getting more powerful and catching up to the US.](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Sep/01/2002488689/-1/-1/1/2020-DOD-CHINA-MILITARY-POWER-REPORT-FINAL.PDF) Often you hear the phrase the US spends more than the next (X) countries combined. This is a false stat as its assumes that Chinese engineers and steel cost the same as American engineers and steel. When adjusting for purchasing power parity the real picture we get is that China spends about 80% of what the US spends. That still doesn't give the full picture though as when people hear defense budgets they think its 700 billion dollars on new tanks and f35's this is demonstrability false. For the US in particular they spend a lot on payroll and those 900 bases and maintenance. When adjusted for procurement of weaponry China out spends the US by 2.5 to 1 and this has been going on for nearly a decade. That though even then doesn't give the full picture as it doesn't account for whats called US cost disease. Essentially the US is extremely inefficient with their spending. The have many costly products/research that don't work and many broken logistical systems that makes stuff far more expensive than they should be. We know from china's production of the type 002 that they have perhaps the most efficient shipbuilding industry in the world so not only do they not have the problems of the US military they actually excel in it. There are many stories of 1600 dollar toilet seats and what not. And finally this doesn't account for one the most glaring weakness : the US military industrial complex. There was a story a few years ago about how the DOD didn't want tanks but because Ohio is a swing state they wanted to put jobs there (yes i'm aware that its so we didn't loose the ability to build tanks and shit but you get my point) so they build useless tanks when they could have been investing into AI and other emerging industries. The DOD doesn't run the military but idiotic policy makers who don't know anything other wanting to stay in power do and this is one of the largest weaknesses of the US military. Will China surpass it within our lifetime?
Often you hear the phrase the US spends more than the next (X) countries combined. This is a false stat as its assumes that Chinese engineers and steel cost the same as American engineers and steel. When adjusting for purchasing power parity the real picture we get is that China spends about 80% of what the US spends. That still doesn't give the full picture though as when people hear defense budgets they think its 700 billion dollars on new tanks and f35's this is demonstrability false. For the US in particular they spend a lot on payroll and those 900 bases and maintenance. When adjusted for procurement of weaponry China out spends the US by 2.5 to 1 and this has been going on for nearly a decade. That though even then doesn't give the full picture as it doesn't account for whats called US cost disease. Essentially the US is extremely inefficient with their spending. The have many costly products/research that don't work and many broken logistical systems that makes stuff far more expensive than they should be. We know from china's production of the type 002 that they have perhaps the most efficient shipbuilding industry in the world so not only do they not have the problems of the US military they actually excel in it. There are many stories of 1600 dollar toilet seats and what not. And finally this doesn't account for one the most glaring weakness : the US military industrial complex. There was a story a few years ago about how the DOD didn't want tanks but because Ohio is a swing state they wanted to put jobs there (yes i'm aware that its so we didn't loose the ability to build tanks and shit but you get my point) so they build useless tanks when they could have been investing into AI and other emerging industries. The DOD doesn't run the military but idiotic policy makers who don't know anything other wanting to stay in power do and this is one of the largest weaknesses of the US military. Will China surpass it within our lifetime?
"Hey,

I've been reading Paul Farmers work on Structural Violence and it's very interesting. I'm trying to understand the concept of structural violence and how it creates health inequalities among Indigenous groups (aboriginal and torres strait islander) but struggling to wrap my head around the concept. Does anyone know how structural violence worsens the health of Indigenous groups?

any help/advice would be greatly appreciated."
"Let's say you are choosing a life path...option 1 allows you to backpack around the world now, live on a sailboat when you are older, and let you live in amazing places and do ""bucket list"" things on a frequent basis but your work is merely a means to an end and you never achieve anything noteworthy with it or any side hustles / volunteer efforts. 

Option 2 requires school, debt, living in places you don't want to live but ultimately results in a meaningful career where you cure diseases, alleviate poverty, set a world record, etc. It may allow you to travel and do some of those bucket list things, but as an older retiree.

Which do you think results in a happier life on the whole (factoring in both the younger years and older reflective years) and why?"
There is an incredible amount of wealth inequality in America right now. 30 million people are uninsured whilst 80 million people are under insured when every other developed country has free healthcare. The corona virus pandemic has been horrific and shone an embarrassing light on this. The neo-liberal establishment is dying and populism is rising which is set to increase with time as younger people are either populist left or populist right. On the populist right side stats show that Tucker Carlson - the sweetheart of the populist right movement - is deeply unpopular with older people and older women in particular whilst being very popular among younger audiences. He is the most famous and successful TV pundit as compared to others on Fox news who are more establishment and this shows that the establishment is pretty much dead on the right. On the populist left side Bernie was a hair away from victory but Biden threw a hail Mary and it happened to land but he has been pushed left; as well as that you can bet your bottom dollar the next democratic candidate will likely be a Berniecrat. The boomer base is literally dying off. Incredible amounts of polarization are set to increase. Fringe ideas are now openly discussed on either side.The average young Americana cant start family or have the leisure time to do anything any more. Will America go through a revolution or a civil war of sorts?
"Honestly...I could kind of see it both ways. 

Testosterone is literally the hormone that supposedly makes males more aggressive...but...

Women tend to be a lot more expressive when it comes to all emotions. Including anger. 

Men seem to be more violent and go further with their anger...

But I see women far more often complaining about stuff in their life."
"My parents are planning a family reunion with all my grandparents in December. They want to fly in all my relatives from various parts of the country. They're claiming that this is okay because my grandparents are ""comfortable"" with it. They believe in covid and all that but don't seem to understand why I'm so upset. Just, I don't want to lose all my elderly family because of this..."
"We've known Mars to be a barren desert world for a long time now. What if, in some alternate timeline, Mars had life on it? What if we discovered this fact, say, 50 years ago? Would that shape human civilisation in any way?"
[removed]
"I have had this thought in the back of my mind for a few years. Could a decentralized social network work?

How I would see it, there would be a standard agreed upon template and design that individuals could host themselves (like wordpress). Hosting companies could provide simple no code setups (like they already do with wordpress). If you are technical you can modify it how you like, but it would also be ready to go out of the box. 

There could be a free centralized service (probably paid for by ads or donations - wikipedia did try to start a social network) for those who don't want to host their own but the option to host your own would give you more control over your data and experience. 

There would also be a standard api for connecting your profile to friends or groups of people. And you could still have a feed that periodically calls your connected friends pages for updates. 

One challenge would be security, letting people host their own could be a nightmare for malicious data. I am thinking maybe a three fold approach. The centralized service would not allow as much customization so pages hosted there would be secure. Self hosted pages could be validated by the centralized service (run tests against the page) or pages could be marked secure by some sort of network reputation. (enough of your network considers your page safe and has run a validation on your page). 

Maybe multiple forms of validation, one for security and another one for usability. I would probably want an option to flag a page as annoying if it became like a myspace page of the past. Doesn't mean it isn't safe, just as a warning to people exploring my network. Maybe instead of a warning, it is something like keyword tags, this person is really into hiking and join a ""web-ring"" about hiking. This other person is into annoying webpages with instantly playing music, so they get tagged for that.  

Social media as it stands today is a mess. But there is still a thread of human connection behind the idea that I think we need to develop. Especially now with most of us seeing each other less and less.

Maybe part of this is nostalgia for geocities and everyone having their own sites. I would love to get back to that but maybe with a little more polish and some api's to connect us all together."
"Just last night, my ""best friend"" texted me accusing me of gruesome things. She said I download fake text apps and send women harassing texts that leave them in fear. She also said I spoof phone calls and endlessly harass people. I know that this post is going to sound so silly and irrelevant, but it means the world to me. Not only is she accusing me of these awful things, she's spreading it like wildfire to all my friends and now I am afraid to leave my house because people will look at me in such ill light. I have never felt this horrible in my life. I can't eat, my heart is in my throat, and any attempt at sleep leaves me waking up from night terrors. I never thought in a million years such accusations would be directed to me from my best friend of all people. And now so many people are on board with it and my entire social group is destroyed along with my reputation. I called her to talk about it and she went on a rampage about how I am a horrible person, a habitual liar, etc. 

I had always been as good as possibly could be to her and my friends and this entire situation is shocking/scary. Picture laying in your bed at 1 am and receiving texts that you're a psychopath, serial stalker. I could provide more details but I am so exhausted.

Is there anything I can do? I know people will say to block/move on but it's the easy or me. These people meant the world to me and wherever they're getting this idea from, I wish I could prove otherwise. If the slander continues and gets out of hand, is there any legal advice I can take? This has been detrimental to my mental health and the idea of performing the smallest of tasks feels impossible at the moment ."
"Other than the internet and the largely digital revolution it seems we haven't received any groundbreaking new technologies in the late 20/early 21st century. The dishwasher,airplane and car were all revolutionary. In terms of space the rockets that let us get onto the moon have remained largely static. Hell even military equipment was largely designed quite a bit of time ago. The main tank used in the US army was designed in the 80's, the PATRIOT system was in development in the late 60's and 4th gen fighters are the most widely used. Now that isn't to say they haven't been significantly improved but you get my point. If technology has been static what can we do to fix this problem and rejuvenate innovation into our system so our lives can become more comfortable?"
"So I’ve slept in my moms room, for awhile. And I have to sleep in my room when she is mad at me. Well that happened, and I can never fall asleep. Is something wrong with me?? Does anyone have tips to help me??"
"This is sort of a follow-up question of sorts to the question of 'can we still enjoy art even if the person bad' thing that we see often. We expect a lot from the people who we put on the pedestal whether they be celebrities, soldiers, leaders, etc. We expect them to be these spotless paragons but when they reveal themselves to be awful people, we get angry that were horrible people in sheep's clothing. This isn't limited to just celebrities as even we can lose respect for normal people if they turn out to be monsters, criminals, etc. I know that there is no person in the world that is without sin or fault.  

I know that we shouldn't put anyone on some sort of impossible standard or pedestal but I wonder if we expect our heroes to have beautiful souls?"
"I get news alerts on my phone for articles the ML algorithm thinks I'm interested in. 

This morning I received an alert on an article titled ""Huge blow for Scottish independence"" It contained nothing short of propoganda.

The article slurred the SNP and made it seem like this really was the end of the ""tiny"" independence vote by referencing polls and petitions as well as social media trends.

I looked into the claims the article was making and they were all false or highly misleading - At the bottom of this article there were links to 3 other articles with similar titles against the SNP and independence. Below that it went back into normal news.

Interestingly if I google the news site title and the headline I cannot find it anywhere.

I can imagine many so-called ""low information"" voters could be swayed by an article like this. Is there nothing I can do?

Not just in this scenario but others too.

Tl;dr: What can I do about a very misleading article clearly trying to influence a vote that I can't find on Google but was sent directly to my phone?"
"I started a Facebook group which is basically a church group for all religions

How can I recruit people outside of facebook"
"I've always been stressed out over my race and what to identify as. My mothers black and 1/6th Native American but my dad is white. Im extremely white passing with lighter wavy brown hair. No one expects me to be half black and when they meet my mother they're always suprised. Even when I was younger people would ask my mom if she was my nanny🙄 I feel like Im somehow disrespecting an entire half of my family and ancestors from being so white passing and never having to face the racial discrimination I watch them go through. I feel so awkward never being seen as biracial to others when I identify so closely with both my white and black side, but still feel in the wrong if I even mention Im half black because I know that no one will ever recognize that based off my appearance or just think of me as invalid because I've never faced racial discrimination to the extent of my family. I've never wanted to pick a side but I still feel guilty identifying as biracial looking the way I look.

Sorry if this was more of a rant, I've just been conflicted over this for a while and would really appreciate some advice."
I’m fairly new to reddit and don’t understand all the aspects. But in the past I have posted on pages and some have got fairly popular. But it says someone else posted it so I never get any of the karma or anything lol. Sorry for my naiveness but I don’t understand what’s happening.
I need an unbiased factual answer. I really like Bernie sanders but I’m sort of conflicted. Some stuff that I’m seeing says that Bernie is just as bad as recent presidents when it comes to foreign policy while other things I’m seeing say that Bernie is anti imperialist.
"I'm 21M, I have a couple friends and we meet in group sometimes, but it's not too often (adult life etc.). I have a best friend who I live with and we spend much time together, but when he is busy I basically have nothing to do except eating out, going to cinema or cycling.  

Recently I started a new job where I work from home 4 days per week. My uni just stated that all of my classes will be online too so I don't have too much opportunity to meet new people.   

So, people who work/study from home and meet new people how do You do it?"
My father is old and sick and this is important to his quality of life but I don’t know where to get it for him. Thanks!
"So I was relaxing about to fap ,when this black woman calls me ask who I am says I called her house phone (I didn't)then says ""don't call me again ni**a"" how the fuck this happen"
"Firstly I realize that not everyone has a this opinion, but a lot do, whether they know it or not. At least in my life and my area, mixed race people are extremely attractive and most people who I grew up with have the same opinion.

Others may not realize that they're attracted to mixed face people. For example, Brazilian women are considered to be the most attractive in the world by many men. Brazil is an extremely mixed country with more than half of the country with African, Indigenous and European admixture.

Latinas are also very attractive to many men I'm assuming in the US. Most Latinas are of nixed ancestry. A lot of black females celebrities, singers and actors are lighter skinned with straighten hair."
"I know people are entitled to their dating preferences but I can't help but see from reading online and hearing anecdotes that a man being even the tiniest bit feminine is much more detrimental to his potential romantic partners (with both sexes funnily enough), than a woman being masculine.

I always see so many people hate on men wearing makeup, skinny jeans, yoga pants etc... saying ""I want to date a real man, not a pansy"". Never really hear those from men when they speak about women who have more masculine features (short hair, muscles). Men express their lack of attraction to masculine men, but it seems less extreme than women or gay/bi men expressing their lack of attraction to feminine men.

I've heard this is rooted in toxic masculinity and how being feminine is the worst thing a guy can be."
"I see this quite often at work, on TV (talkshows) or pretty much any social situation. Someone makes a joke or tells a funny story, causing (usually a group of) people to laugh hard at the punchline, only for most of them to immediately make a straight face right after in an almost binary manner.

When I enjoy something being told, my smile gradually wears off. This makes me curious if people truly enjoy the thing they are laughing about, on that it's simply a way their expression works, or if it is purely them being polite without actually finding it funny."
Point of view is what I am looking for :)
"There are many items that people do not see eye to eye on in this case. Do we actually have a reputable source of information about these:

1. Was Breonna Taylor on the warrant and was she involved in any drug or money handling business?

2. Was she shot while she was sleeping (executed) or was she awakened and shot after the bf fired at police?

3. Did the bf fire his gun before officers?

4. Did police officers announce their presence before entering the house?

5. Opinion- should police officers involved be held accountable for murder? Should we evaluate if no-knock warrants are constitutional?"
"Some time ago, I read somewhere thet women are more likely than men to identify as LGBT+. Unfortunately, I can’t remember where I read this, but Wikipedia seems to confirm it: on average, [about twice as many women as men identify as “not completely heterosexual”](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_sexual_orientation#General_findings) in western countries.

I think this is a really interesting demographic because of all the layers it has. I can think of a multitude of possible reasons for the above result to have been reached by surveys, and those possibilities cover a broad range of fields, from neurology to social science and even experimental methods. Additionally, the poll results are muddied by unfortunate social issues and by differences in definitions used. Therefore, I thought I’d ask the people of Reddit what they think.

To be clear, I’m interested in sexual orientation, not in sexual activity. If a person is attracted exclusively to people of the same sex, I classify as homosexual regardless of whether or not they engage in homosexual behaviour, for example.

Here are the possible reasons I can think of for the result:

1. **Biology:** Women are more predisposed than men towards non-heterosexual orientations due to neurology/genetics.
2. **Biology:** Women are more willing than men to try new experiences, and some of them discover they enjoy those experiences. It’s not that men are less likely to be non-heterosexual, but that fewer of them even realise they have (or could have) non-heterosexual orientations.
3. **Social acceptance:** Unfortunately, publicly identifying as LGBT+ still has negative consequences in some parts of the world, and it could be that women tend to be more willing than men to take that risk, possibly due to men having “more to lose” given the (also unfortunate) patriarchal system that remains in place in much of the world (men more commonly hold higher positions and receive higher wages and thus might see themselves as having more to lose by admitting to a non-heterosexual orientation and facing negative consequences). It’s not that men are less likely to be non-heterosexual, but that fewer of them are willing to admit that they are, regardless of whether or not the survey is (or claims to be) anonymous.
4. **Social acceptance:** Continuing in the patriarchy vein, in a society where most men identify as heterosexual and many of them might find homosexual or bisexual women more attractive (as potential romantic partners in the latter case, as friends in both cases, for other purposes in both cases) or simply more acceptable (due to not finding them actively unattractive, as opposed to homosexual men), women face social pressure to engage in non-heterosexual behaviour, and either this itself skews the survey results or this enables them to realise they enjoy something they might not otherwise have considered, as in possibility 2 above). (Note that whether or not this social pressure actually exists is pure speculation on my part, as I, along with most people I know, am fully accepting of people with any sexual orientation and nobody I know has ever made mention of feeling pressured in that way, at least in my presence.)
5. **Semantics:** Some surveys define sexuality according to orientation, while others define it according to activity/behaviour, with several shades of the latter stemming from whether they enforce a time period (“has engaged in nin-heterosexual behaviour within the last *N* months”). This muddies the waters somewhat, making any statistics unreliable until the two types of survey are separated and results are given along with the type of survey they resulted from.
6. **Experimental error:** Any number of factors can influence statistics and make them unreliable, including taking too small a sample, sampling only or mostly within a specific group (nationality, ethnicity, religious beliefs), people lying on surveys (for whatever reason), questions being misleading or unclear, people placing boundaries between different orientations along the gradient in different spots (one person attracted only mildly to members of the same sex might identify as heterosexual, while another person with the same orientation might identify as bisexual), etc.
7. Any other reason I haven’t considered.

Which do you think is/are the prevalent reason(s) for the “twice as many women as men” result?"
"They say that the brain doesn't develop until 25 but I've been wondering, is that a hard coded biological fact or is it perhaps that at 25, people have gone through enough life experiences that make them more mature?

&amp;#x200B;

I know the brain is shaped a lot by experiences and like a muscle if not used, has been proven to physically stunt growth. So If you had a 16yr old who is working a job and going to school vs a 25yr old who has never left their parents house and is essentially a NEET, wouldn't the former individual have a more 'mature' brain than the latter even if they're older?"
Lets say theoretically no vaccine we find will work. Will this be the new normal of people wearing masks and us having to live with a far more potent flu esq disease every year that is deadly.
"1. I wonder if some game theorist or economist has studied this question?

2. It feels obvious that car salesmen's trustworthiness directly correlate with a community's population. Unlike metropolises, both salesmen and buyers are repeat consumers. Please see the quotes for the other reasons. I currently live in Canada. 

[Dealer's Voice: Operating a Dealership in a Small Town has its Benefits – WHEELS.ca](https://www.wheels.ca/news/operating-a-dealership-in-a-small-town/)

&gt; Another difference between rural and urban dealerships is the spirit of community. That’s not to say that strong, vibrant communities don’t exist in Toronto, Hamilton or Ottawa (they very much do), but in a small town, that sense of belonging and community is amplified.
&gt; 
&gt; It’s common for me to encounter employees or customers when I’m buying groceries or shopping in town. This happens almost every time I’m in public.
&gt; 
&gt; Which brings me to an issue that is part of a small community, where everyone knows everyone, and that’s reputation. If any local business isn’t treating its employees and customers fairly or providing great service, word quickly spreads and its reputation would suffer.

[How to Sell Cars in a Small Town | Small Business - Chron.com](https://smallbusiness.chron.com/sell-cars-small-town-47762.html)

&gt; ## Meet and Greet
&gt; 
&gt; At a big city dealership, the meet-and-greet sales step occurs when customers enter the car lot. In a small town, you need to get out into the community and introduce yourself to the population so they know who you are. Visit the local spots where people gather to socialize, such as a favorite breakfast restaurant, women's groups and the local high school sporting events. Small-town residents like to buy from someone they know and like.
&gt; 
&gt; ## Consistent Pricing Policy
&gt; 
&gt; Selling cars in a small town requires a consistent pricing policy. Your customers will talk to each other, and they should receive similar ""deals"" when they buy a car. You must be able to hold more profit than the big city dealers are willing to take, but you cannot take advantage of customers who would be easy, high-profit marks for a smooth-talking salesman at a high-volume dealership. Explain to customers how your price on a vehicle benefits them in both the short and longer time frames. An initial price offer should be close to a no-negotiation deal, but keep a little back to negotiate away so the customer feels like he won a concession. Do not give concessions on your sales price. Instead, bump up the trade-in price or give a special price on an add-on like an extended warranty.

&gt;[The flip side is that small towns far away from big cities don't have any competition. So if I want to look elsewhere, the Honda dealer is 50 miles away, Mazda, Saturn, Kia, etc. are 85 miles or more in different directions. So comparison shopping trips can eat up the savings of cheaper prices. Locally, Chevy, Chrysler, Ford and Toyota are all owned by members of the same family.""](https://forums.edmunds.com/discussion/comment/2602256/#Comment_2602256)

&gt;A [""larger dealer will have access to a larger pool of inventory. My employer has 60=something stores, each of which have 40–100 used cars at any given time. That can mean getting a better deal than at a smaller dealership because you can end up with a different car that meets your needs.""](https://www.quora.com/Do-big-car-dealerships-in-big-cities-give-you-better-deals/answer/Jon-Miller-99)"
"Do you choose the best looking guys, because might as well? Do you have a conversation first to make sure a guy is not a psycho and will make you comfortable? Or do you go for straightforward, sexual guys since it looks like they know what they want?

How many percent of guys that match you do you actually want to bang? Cause there are always going to be plenty of dudes that would sleep with literally anyone, so it's not like you don't have hundreds of choices.

Or do women who look for just sex on Tinder literally don't exist?"
"Hello dear reddit community

my cousin died long time ago and my grandma got recently a gold diamond ring from my cousins daughter when she visited us a year ago, my grandma decided to hand me over the ring so I can wear it.

I really want to start wearing that ring.

the problem is I don't know if it gives the wearer bad luck, or any kind of inconvenience to the since the death of my grandmas son.

are there are people here who are wearing a deceased family jelwery? if so I would like to know if there is a need to go to a priest and check the ring with him, or what should I do ? before jumping in and wearing the ring.

thanks in advance for the help."
"On some days I'm super motivated to learn or do things and then on other days i say to myself ""I'm never gonna get anywhere with this anyway as I'm so mediocre in it"" and that stops me from doing stuff altogether. This trait has kind of made me like a jack of all trades but master of none, maybe; as i have knowledge about most fields but nothing I've specialized in so far. And it's really upsetting. Kind of makes me feel like a failure. 

One example could be coding. I started it with the intention to specialize in it but at the end of the day i realise there's a lot to do in this field and i have no specific deadline so I'm not even determined to learn it right now as i feel i can do it later. But the thing is lockdown was the best time. 

Also when i begin to do tasks i get overwhelmed by how much there is to learn and that's another factor that intimidates me (sometimes in a negative way)

I really want to find something I'm passionate about. Something that just drives me, without me having to push myself to start doing the task. Something that keeps me ignited with interest throughout.

Overall, I'm quite a determined and ambitious person when i have strict deadlines. But ehen there are none, I'm slack. 
I also have a proffession that i want to pursue in mind, but i doubt i really wanna do that. Maybe I'm just attracted to the career because it's lucrative. I want to find something that i would love to do."
And the cities passing laws against violent protests wouldn't be able to prevent this sort of nonviolent protesting.
"So I need help with my argumentative essay. The prompt is to side whether or not you believe ""Protests are an effective way to change democracy and reduce police violence against people of color.""  I believe protest are a great way to change democracy but that doesn't mean it reduces police violence against people of color. As a an argumentative essay I need to talk about both sides so feel free to chime in with your opinion! (at least three reasons for your position)"
I just find it insane that supreme courts judges serve a term for their entire life. Why the fuck do we not get to vote to keep or replace any given judge? I can’t think of anything more “un-american” than being forced to endure the consequences of someone’s position in power for the rest of their life simply because a particular president ran a successful campaign. Why is this a thing?
"“Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect world? Where none suffered, where everyone would be happy. It was a disaster. No one would accept the program.”- Agent Smith 

Humans have, for years, complained about suffering. But what if we were all happy and did not suffer, would it be a disaster? Do we need to suffer to be human? What do you all think?"
The likely election scenario is that Trump wins in person voting therefore looks likes the winner but Biden gets a win after mail in ballots. Trump is calling foul on mail in ballots cleverly. Foreign powers are likely to be neck deep in any violence seen that day. What are the chances that there will be sever civil unrest and might we see gunshots and deaths?
"I have a Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram account and have had 100s of friends. Every time someone sends you a friend request, accepts your friend request on Facebook, you get a notification. Same thing with Instagram when someone follows you or requests to follow your account.

However, both these platforms don't give you any notice when someone blocks you or unfriends you. Why is that? Is it to prevent an atmosphere of hostility developing?"
"As someone who moved out of their parents house at 19 with very little money, it's been almost 10 years and I don't regret one bit of it. Even with the financial struggle at the beginning, I've been happier than ever. OMG the feeling is incredibly amazing. Then there's my younger sister in her 20's and a lot of people my age from back in high school who still live with their parents and are miserable and complain a lot. My boyfriend moved out around 19-20 as well with very little money. And we're both doing well at this point, mentally and financially. Did I almost become homeless at one point? Yes...yes I did. Was it worth it? YES! In our opinions, it's well worth the risk even when having little money to start. The bigger risk is being under your parents thumb as an adult. Seriously, my peers and sister are so miserable yet they won't move out. Ironically, they have more money saved than I did when I first moved out. Why live with parents in adulthood if you're just gonna be miserable all the time?"
"He has posted alleged DMs between him and Conan where it seems like Conan is admitting to it.  However, the tone of all this seems too light hearted. Is this legit?"
"Let's say that there's an alien who wants to vacation to Earth. Hoping to blend in with the locals, he uses his ship's replicator to print a human body to inhabit. Then he destructively scans his brain, converts it into a pattern of human neurons, and prints that pattern into the brain of the cloned body. In other words, he transferred his consciousness (or a copy thereof) from the alien body into the human body.

The result is a body made entirely of human tissue, arranged almost identically to a normal human. The only difference is a change in brain layout.

My question is: Would you consider this being human? Why or why not?

Bonus questions:

- What about a human consciousness in an alien body?
- What about a beating-heart cadaver?
- What - if anything - is the smallest change you could make to a human's brain that would make them no longer human?

[](/# ""inspired by the voidpunk subculture, which is philosophically fascinating to me"")"
"This quetion popped into my head as I came across [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/iwaqug/yikes/) this question on Reddit.It was of a woman who received a Facebook request at night from a police officer after having reported something stolen. People in the comments say they themselves know women or have experienced similar things from men

Now granted, that's at the very minor end of things in terms of sexual harrasment but it begs the question, why is it that it's mostly men who do this? I know that culturally, female on male harassment is played down by society and even men themselves may fail to acknowledge it but one can't deny that the majority of sexual attention from one gender to another is men on women whether it's verbal or physical harassment. So what is it? Is it how men are raised, biology or a mixture of both?"
[removed]
"My father passed away 2 years ago and it's always uncomfortable for me when the topic of how he died is brought up. I met someone new today and they asked about him and I was honest that he's gone. The conversation went:

Them: ""Oh, was it cancer?""

Me: ""No.""

Them: ""A heart attack?""

Me: ""No.""

Them: ""Car accident?""

Me: ""No.""

Them: ""Then what was it??""

Me, now obviously uncomfortable: ""He overdosed.""

Then they get awkward and no one has a good time. Why does it matter to someone I just met how my father died?"
"During the debate in the economy section I remember Donald Trump taking credit for the V shaped recovery. But I’ve also heard that Jerome Powell is actually the one who was responsible for it. I’ve also watched an interview of him and he seems a lot smarter than both Donald Trump and Joe Biden.


So I am wondering what impact does the POTUS actually have...?"
There is a significant amount of research into the use of psychedelics to treat depression and variant mental illness. Do psychedelics relieve depression and if so do we know how they accomplish the task. Will there be widespread availability soon ?
"Could you maybe help me to find the current account of [u/AArgot](https://www.reddit.com/u/AArgot/) ? I occasionally like to read his comments to broaden my perspective (like some people like to read blogs) but he doesn't post with that account anymore. Last year he was active in [r/collapse](https://www.reddit.com/r/collapse/), but I haven't been able to find his new account by doing some Text Analytics. Could you please link to it? Thank you very much!!!"
"Basically , most people hear fall of western Roman empire they think barbarian invasion but  the real answer is a lot more complicated.  The empire always faced barbarian incursions and invasion and usually resolved by bloody solution with legions.  The real cause of collapse of empire is a conglomerate of problems some similar to what modern Society is actually facing .

The economy of Roman empire was slowly being hampered by climate change and several plagues like the Antonine Plague  , and large mismanagement and corruption and overpopulation in some cities. All these problem contributed to Rome not being able to repulse barbarians and support a large professional army. 

I fear that modern Society is on a similar trajectory.  Climate change might be even worse then what scientist expected with more severe disasters that cause famine , draught and devastation.  And worst of all , conflict when ressources start to lack . We ve seen some bad examples like the conflict in Darfur .

We ve seen how a small thing like a virus ( Covid) can cripple even a modern and globalised economy that even with advanced technology struggle against the virus. 

 The greatest fear and problem is humanity turn on each other when the climate change hit it's epix. When we should stand United we turn on each other . The reaction against covid made me think we have little chancd for an orgonized worldwide response against climate change and the action of certain nations like building dams on vital rivers and use it as blackmail chips is even more worrying . 

Are we in a situation where current system is slowly being chipped away with more and more severe crisis and less ressources each time to respond to it ? Can the current society collapse to a more survival of the fittest system and lot more chaotic and unstable ?"
What event or situation let you know you found your purpose? Have you followed it?
Did you manage to change your situation?
"I am working on Chinese-inspired art. I am Chinese American myself, but I don't want to reveal my identity. Instead of giving you the usual BS about keeping the art separate from the artist, I will just say that I am mostly concerned about privacy. Anyways, this insistence on pseudonymity may cause some to believe that I am a white ""colonizer"" engaging in cultural appropriation, and I wanted to know how to deflect such accusations without showing a photo of my face or my DNA test results.

Here are some possible routes:

- Fight back by insulting the accusers and telling them to F off. It might get them off my back the most easily, but bears the side effect of my work being associated with the right wing, and alienating liberals. The liberals that I alienate may include potential collaborators. I want my art not to take a side, and appeal to as many as possible.

- Fight back more softly by arguing why it's not cultural appropriation, why the concept of appropriation is groundless, etc. I am not sure how much it would help, in particular if the accusers have a vested interest in taking me down.

- Ignore completely. Pretend none of the controversy is taking place, refrain from responding to complaining posts on social media and silently delete them after a while, etc. I could see this work in a small scale, but if I make it big and start to work with collaborators, then it may be more of an issue that I can't ignore away. For this strategy, I may have to stick to Instagram and Facebook and forgo Twitter.

- Apologize but continue to make art. This may have a similar effect to ignoring completely, or it might put me into a deeper hole by giving the mob more power. Also, when they find out that I had apologized but are still going on with my work the same, their wrath may be greater.

Any other ideas?"
"So when I think 1,850, off the top of my head I thing 18.50000.

If feel like then phrase should be eighteen hundred fifty.

My boyfriend looked at me when I said the latter and was like, the fuck lol.  

I know in my everyday life, eighteen fifty usually means 1,850 but I do stop and think about it."
"I've been struggling to stay away from social media recently because of all the craziness going on in the world. I have tried to put social media down and not participate. I do well for some of the day, then succumb to curiosity or laziness or whatever and waste a lot of time on it. 

I understand the logic of ""just put the phone down"" and it works sometimes. But I'm still spending more time than I like on it. I wouldn't say i'm addicted but sometimes I feel like I am.

Does anybody else have this issue and if so what tactics or strategy do you use to combat the constant urge?"
"As a fully black person, I don't think so. I think him being biracial was a bridge between white and black America and being fully black/or looking fully black would have meant many Americans would feel alienated.

I know that in America because of the 'one drop rule', a biracial person is considered black even if they look white but I still think it's disingenuous to call him black as his background was not typical of Black Americans. Though he grew up being raised by a single mother, he stayed with his grandparents who were well off far from the typical life of an African American family. He was raised in a white culture. And again, he also has 'color privilege' in the sense that he's not too dark skinned and studies have shown that lighter skinned blacks are treated better by White Americans as well as black Americans."
"I’ve never posted on reddit before but this is the last thing i could think of. I have a iphone xr with ios 14. whenever i go to the search section and look up an artist my results show up but i can’t click the artist. i can click an album or a single and it will open but i can’t open the artists profile. I’ve tried force stopping the app, restarting my phone, and signing out of my apple id along with just about anything i could find on the internet. I should note i was in the ios 14 beta, i’ve never done a beta before so i don’t really know how it works but i ended up deleting the profile although the functions were still there. also i don’t know if i just didn’t see the notification but i never saw anything abt a ios 14 software update. does anybody have the same problem? 
p.s sorry if this was difficult to read i’m not good at writing"
"Kind of goes without any detail but I'll say it anyways: whether the goal is a romantic interest, or that dream you have, how do you get over the fear of failing? or being rejected?

Is it just an exercise in repeated exposure, and that it's not that bad after a while?"
"Hello all. I am from Germany and I became interested in this topic because I often see how enterpreneurship is pushed very very hard in America, almost glorified to an extent, while here in Europe, or at least western Europe that isn't the case at all. So I asked some questions to the few americans I know and they almost all told me that american corporations, at least the big ones, have unreasonably detailled and hard interviews, to just gatekeep for the sake of it, often have problems with middle management that loves to micromanage and in general, if your performance is not up to par you will be fired on a whim. So that it's safer, and often more lucrative/fulfilling to start a business yourself, rather than torture yourself through the corporate swamp.

I don't know how much of this is real but that is why I'm asking this question today. Is it really the case  that for corporations in America, management decisions often border on employee exploitation? It also seems to me that the drive for competitiveness is way higher, which is a total contrast to european culture, where a balanced life and private/free time is more valued. 

I know this is a generalization, so let me specify it by saying that we are talking classic business/office/programming jobs, basically white collar jobs. Hopefully you can answer me this question, I am very curious to hear your opinions. Thanks!"
"I love my family member DEARLY but their racist ways really pisses me off. They have a problem with Hispanics/Latinos. For some reason they think that Hispanics/Latinos think they're ""better"" then other races. Anytime we encounter a person of this race, my family member will give them a hard time. Like today... We went to a diner and my family member pretended not to understand what the waitress was saying just because she had an accent. They always play dumb and act like they don't understand them just so they repeat themselves. They even say ""why can't they speak proper effing English without that accent?""  and a bunch of other things I won't even repeat because it's just pure ignorant. It really pisses me off to be around them when they act like this and treat Hispanics this way!  How can I get them to knock it off?

&amp;#x200B;

Side Note: I have so many friends that are Hispanic/Latino... Some legal and ""illegal"" (I hate that terminology) and they work sooooo freaking hard. Especially the ones here illegally. My friend works his ass off during the day, and takes English classes at night. Every one one of my illegal friends takes English classes and busts their ass. It's HARD. They constantly work on improving their English and I help them whenever I can. And then you have rude people like my family member that will make them feel like their English isn't good enough because they don't sound like a native English speaker. It pisses me off!!!"
"I don't understand why we have to work everyday in high school to graduate to work more in college and then get a job where we have to work more. I want to live in a shack on the beach with no money and a farm where i can grow my own food. I don't care if i get sick or die. I just want to live my life peacefully and how I want to. I don't care about material pleasures like clothes, cars, or money. I don't even want a family because I don't want to be surrounded by people who don't understand me and call me weird for thinking the way I do.

If I tell people they say that's just the way the world works deal with it, but why is that decided for me? I don't want to have to take meds one day just to be happy when I know I can be happy living without responsibilities. Or been seen as a conspiracy theorist for my views. People already tell me i'm weird for thinking this but I know i am not the only one.  I read an article that said we have to work because we are social beings and need a purpose but personally, I feel like my purpose isn't to work or to have a stable comfortable life and I'm sorry if this comes off as ungrateful or selfish or something but I am having a really tough time seeing why I should have to live my life for other people."
"sometimes i will be alone or even with others, and out of nowhere feel like there is a missing person, like they had just gotten up to go to the bathroom or something, 

or like i had just been having a conversation with or just in the presence of someone who isnt there, even if having been alone for hours prior.

i only started really noticing this feeling in the past year or so? i was wondering if this happens to anyone"
[removed]
"In today's computer age, these transactions can happen in a real short period of time without human intervention.  Why are transactions made only on weekdays during human working hours?"
Or do we have the right to just have fun and not get a job?
"I read some conflicting info about it. If it works even at a fraction of efficiency described in these sources it's just...amazing.

Also there is apparently study that show muscle growth after 12 weeks of just periodically thinking about exercices and visualising them. Do you think it works at all?"
"I should preface by saying I'm 20 years old, have no prior heart condition, and am about 180-185 pounds.

I recently saw a doctor over what I think could be muscle tension in my leg. My main fear was that it could possibly blood cllotting. He said I exhibit none of the main symptoms including red color, extreme pain, heavy breathing, or anything else.

He said it may just be anxiety. What's your take on this, should I further pursue doing anything about it?

Sorry if I typed this fast my nerves are still kind of shot after what I've been reading on Reddit about it lol"
[removed]
"Genuinely, honestly curious. There's federal tax, state tax, county tax, city/local tax. All with their own governments and budgets. If there were to be a flat tax, say 10%, how would it be distributed or organized without putting everything into one nationalized system?"
I do a lot of job orientation for new hires and no longer need to use the old PowerPoint on this topic.  I'm trying to make it meaningful to new hires.
"Sorry I posted from earlier but I'm currently having issues right now in regards to trouble peeing, muscle tension, warmth, a bit of numbness in my hand, weird feeling around my ear canal.

What should I do next? These symptoms have just come in the last couple of days. Should I go straight to the hospital?"
"We are clumps of particles put together to make a conscious being. 

What if the universe itself is a conscious being made out of particles"
[removed]
"My first Boy Scout campout. Knew I was going to be hazed. I washed dishes, collected firewood, etc. The older boys then sent me to neighboring campsites looking for a “left-handed smoke shifter”. The third site knew what I was talking about. They had me grasp a paper plate with my left hand. Then took a marker and traced the outline of my hand.  “Wave that around, kid. You can now shift smoke.” Ha. Clever. I returned to camp with my shifter. I was then asked to go find a dew rake. I knew better. I didn’t go to look. 30 something years later I still wonder what a dew rake is. Any ideas?"
I mean it seems such an obvious way to make an immense amount of money assuming you can figure out a way to get around having to pay child support
"Like would people who were in there 40s or 50s during the 1970s and 80s listen to AC DC and Led Zeppelin and be like ""That's not music, they are just screaming and banging on instruments. What ever to good music like Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby?"""
[removed]
"I won’t lie... I too get caught up in the ‘imminent collapse’ thought loop, but today I could really use some positivity and hope."
"For a couple's days I've had slightly blurry vision, muscle/tingling, and some other symptoms.

However each time I went to the doctor or ER they said I looked fine."
[removed]
"Basically, there's been a startling difference between the mood of the USA between the early 2010s, and late 2010s.

Early 2010s were an era where people hadn't yet become incredibly cynnical - where pop music was crowded with EDM dance hit after dance hit, where people were excited about technological progress and what the future could bring, and where brooding superhero films like the dark knight trilogy gave way to more upbeat films like the Marvel E.U.

Now it appears we're in a severe period of depression, cynnicism, and pessimism. Popular music is a weird a rehash of grunge, nihihlistic rock music, depression pop, drug abuse rap, and moody indie music. Optimistic escapist films are being perceived  as cheesy or contrived instead of celebrated and we've come full circle with the release of Joker. Technology is viewed as a force of corporatism and distrust rather than a source of wonder.

We all can probably explain why the later 2010s became this way. But what about the early 2010s made it specifically a period of optimism?"
"I understand the priority of public health and front-line workers needing them more, but even before the supply chain panic, lots of Western doctors were suggesting that face masks were not very helpful. ^[1](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/health/2020/02/17/nih-disease-official-anthony-fauci-risk-of-coronavirus-in-u-s-is-minuscule-skip-mask-and-wash-hands/4787209002/), ^[2](https://time.com/5799964/coronavirus-face-mask-asia-us/), ^[3](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cornoavirus-mask-protection-195815084.html) I say Western doctors because East Asians tend to wear masks when sick, even before COVID-19. ^[4](https://qz.com/299003/a-quick-history-of-why-asians-wear-surgical-masks-in-public/), ^[5](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/culture-shocked/202005/why-was-mask-wearing-popular-in-asia-even-covid-19)

Hindsight is 20/20 now, but why did a lot of Western doctors downplay the benefits of masks during the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic?"
"This might be a bit of a conspiracy but I have been noticing some behaviour among the people around me and many others around the world. We have been living in an age where you can super stimulate yourself with all kinds of things. Tobacco, alcohol, sugary products, porn and more.

Some people I know go pretty all out. They buy loads of junk food, loads of alcohol, consume a lot of porn, have a video game addiction and so on. While I definitely think everyone should have the freedom to choose to consume, I feel like people can get REALLY angry when these are not given to them.

I saw this happen during the early days of the coronavirus lockdown in my country. Liquor stores were shut, people couldn't go anywhere except get food and groceries and they were just not used to it. I am a firm believer that people should find inner peace within themselves and not let consumer behaviour take control of their lives (you control your consumption, don't let the consumption control you).

If people are not entertained, they get bored as shit. This doesn't apply to everyone but I have observed first hand just how angry and restless a person can get when deprived of these super stimulants. 

But when they got their liquor, junk food, endless video games, endless porn and so on they seemed content. It seemed like it a pot overflowing but all of this is just a lid put on them from exploding. There is no doubt that consumerism boosts the economy and people's overall quality of life. 

But I'm just wondering if governments or social scientists thought of people being endlessly stimulated to prevent civil unrest? Let me know your thoughts."
I mean evil as in immoral according to our commonly accepted social framework. I know there’s not really such a thing as good or evil in nature.
"Sometimes, when there are objective evidences that someone is treating themselves or others bad, a natural response is to ask why and see if you can help. However, this seems to be said as stepping into private life/not respecting boundary, or to an extent, manipulation. I'm really unable to see how doing this is different with:

- Casual talks between strangers
- Outreach workers proactively approach disadvantaged and vulnerable groups 
- Advertisers and activists want to make you want something you don't

Why aren't these activities called as not respecting boundary or stepping into private life too? Especially the last two, since the receivers don't ask for that. I want to emphasize that I'm in no position to encourage boundary infringement. I just don't see the difference though. I think persuasion is a basic thing of being human, and should be protected.

I'm living in Asian culture, if that matters. But I think this should be universal, since human right is universal."
"When I see a homeless person pan handling, I almost never give them money. does that make me a bad person? I don’t have loads of money, but what I do have is certainly more than them. I just feel bad when I pay $30 at a restaurant, leave, then don’t give someone who is potentially starving $3.

I also know that Im not even close to being the only one who does this. The vast majority of people I see don’t give these people money. Does that make them bad people too? Thanks for any feedback."
"There is high definition video of it from dozens of witnesses. There’s photographs as well.

How would we realistically react?"
"I’ve heard people talk about this, but they never say when it happened."
"Throwaway, for reasons.

This morning I hit the top prize on my very contiguous PNW states lottery for 30k. I am worried that my 19k or so in outstanding Student Loan Debt will come off the top of that, along with all the incurred taxes, leaving me with next to nothing! Are my worries legitimate? Thanks for any and all of your help, I'm a single Dad trying to keep every dollar I can."
Whether it be mundane or interesting I just want someone who talks about themselves and their lives like a video diary.
So you know when you break your bone and you het it fixed they but them back together so it can ossify If I’m correct on this one I guess. But if tou but two different people bones together. Can they ossify?
"In my city, in the week or so, a guy wasn't allowed on a bus, he stole the driver's bag, driver chased him and the guy shot the driver dead.  The week before 2 guys were arguing in front of a convenience store,  witnesses said argument was over a perceived slight,  guys walked away, one guy grabbed a brick followed the guy for blocks, came up and hit him in the back of the head with a brick.  

My brother in law won't use his horn because ""there are crazy people with guns."
"It seems that the entire fashion concept of men wearing crop tops became popular in the 80s but the fad only lasted for a decade because as soon as the 90s came around, that entire concept became taboo, weird, gross etc.

Today, men wearing crop tops are making a slow resurgence but most people tend to agree that men should not wear crop tops.

My question is, how did this happen and why?"
"Democracy seems to be very popular, particularly in western countries, what are some of the pro and cons of this?

Do you think that any other forms of government should be used?  If so why?"
[removed]
Whether it be mundane or interesting I just want someone who talks about themselves and their lives like a video diary.
"My policy proposals:
1) Nationwide free preventative care and basic diagnostic care, with privatized insurance going beyond that.
2) Raise taxes on empty buildings immensely, and perhaps ban foreign investment in US real estate (to bring prices down)
3) UBI and eliminate minimum wage as a combo. Having a minimum wage effectively makes it illegal for low skill workers to gain experience. UBI ensures they aren’t taking advantage of. It’s a one-two combo."
[removed]
I very rarely see an internet argument have both side give their point across and agree to disagree. It often ends with people just insulting each other and restating their points over and over until someone gets upset and stop replying. Why is that?
"I watched some documentary about this like 3 or 4 years ago, but I can’t remember what it’s called. Examples include like using honeycomb shaped tiles for walls because of their geometric strength or something, or using the pattern of a leaf to efficiently redirect liquids. Stuff like that."
"I had this discussion with someone the other day and while I firmly believe it's important and preferred to extend kindness and empathy to others, and I know why I believe this in my head, I had trouble articulating it well. The person wasn't suggesting that it's better to be mean, more like it just wasn't important or better to be kind. They made the argument that constant kindness is actually self-serving, because people act kindly either to build good rapport with other so that others treat them kindly in return, or to make themselves feel better for being kind. I think those points are true, but I also believe people can be kind for the sake of others as a primary, if not singular reason.

Anyway, I'd love to hear how you would articulate this to another person."
any links would be appreciated! I am having trouble finding one that would work
"I believe in freedom of information and speech. I'm NOT arguing for zero copies. Rather, this post's about proportionality. Aren't 1 or 2 Circulating Copies enough for certain kinds of books?

I'm NOT referring to

- privately funded libraries like at private universities. 

- reference copies that must stay within libraries."
[removed]
"I don't mean the prohibitively expensive sex dolls at the bottom of uncanny valley that exist today. I'm talking about Westworld quality androids with full mobility that look like real people. Only they're as affordable as, say, a high end cell phone in 2020...

To avoid the artificial intelligence, singularity citizenship, exploitation rabbit-hole, let's assume we have yet to make that breakthrough in synthetic consciousness. It can only be faked.

I'm curious how it might affect laws, activist groups, dating, marriage, social norms, shaming, normalization, loneliness, mental health, etc."
"We often talk about how to generate creative ideas but it’s easier to dream up ideas than to implement it. Say if I want to start writing a book and I have a bunch of ideas, how do I narrow down to one topic and fill in the details for each chapter? It’s the details that matter a lot."
"New to reddit

Helloo, i guess this seems like the best place to ask. Im mute and I’d like to express my “voice”. I’d enjoy seeing other people’s stories and relate to someone like me. does anyone know any groups?"
"A couple of my friends were talking about this momo challenge, I searched it up and apparently it was pretty big around 2018 and I had no idea about this. I'm asking if anyone directly knows someone that was affected by this momo challenge since there was no actual proof on the sites  I searched up. Also what really started the Momo Challenge ?!

( p.s, Momo is a really kawaii name btw)"
"I saw this game on (I funny) it was a feature. The game was showing off a new game that uses your camera to play. Its a platformer game. It was a little (shadow man??)  I think. I know I'm not giving you guys a lot of help here. But it would be a really fun game to play..if I could find it. Please help me guys. I don't use reddit much, so if this is the wrong community to ask please tell me. Thanks"
"(This is perhaps a meta question, and I have to prepare myself emotionally for having it thrown out because it hurts every time).

Social media gives us the impression of a democratic global community, as if the entire world was represented online, and the truly best ideas rise to the top on their own merit. But redditors tend to be less than 30, more tech-savvy, more english-speaking, and have at least some disposable income and free time that allows them to engage. 

(I first remarked on this when seeing pics people share that accidentally include bookshelves: everybody reads the same books. I never see certain kinds of books on redditors shelves and regularly see others. Lots of Alan Miller and Tolkien, zero Arthur Miller and Tolstoy.)

If reddit is not a true slice of the global demographic, how do you think its specific demographic skews views on this platform?"
I love NPR’s Up First but would like to find some other podcast options for bipartisan/unbiased information.
I need something good to watch. Any suggestions?
"If convicted in absentia, will Secret Service protect against valid arrest from
foreign police?

Will Secret Service agents have to live abroad?"
I bought a External Hard drive and its 2TB  and when I plugged it in it says 1.81 TB soooo I'm confused. does 1.81 TB equal to 2 TB???
[removed]
"I was just watching some brain candy about scientists mixing different molecules together to produce interesting colors and then this popped in my head. I don’t remember in Chem in college that they ever explained this to us, though I was a Bio major so maybe that is something that’s more relevant to the higher tier chemical reactions."
"So, in almost every western country, but more acutely in the US and UK, standards of living for the average person are in decline while income inequality rises severely. 

How much longer can the average person handle this before something breaks institutionally and we see a drastic change? IE revolution or collapse or war? Does a situation like the west is currently in even lead to such a thing? Or will the population merely put up with it because it is incapable of doing anything about it? Are these issues exaggerated?

My current prediction is that the US will end up resembling Brazil while the UK ends up resembling the nation depicted in Children of Men."
"A pharmaceutical company has isolated the chemical reaction in the brain responsible for humans feeling lonely. It's made available over-the-counter, and has potential side effects similar to benadryl - dry mouth, and mild drowsiness, etc.

When taken, the elderly residents of nursing homes report being content without regular contact. Singles report no interest in dating. Pets no longer exhibit separation anxiety. Prisoners in solitary confinement are able to withstand it for longer stretches.

What would be some arguments for and against? What would be your thoughts on this pill?"
" I never really thought of this question until after watching Who Framed Roger Rabbit.

I can admit that I have seen Japanese animation with live action footage spliced in (like in the End of Evangelion movie) but I have never seen it fully integrated with the story or characters like in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Space Jam, or Pete’s Dragon.

I have [read this pretty interesting article](https://www.animenation.net/blog/ask-john-are-there-any-anime-live-action-hybrids/) where a guy discusses most of the well known “anime live action hybrids” but he never really gives an answer as to why Japanese animation doesn't do the whole hybrid animation thing more often.

I know this is a subjective thing and everybody is going to answer it differently, but why do you think Japanese animation doesn't do the whole live action animation hybrid thing as much as western cartoons?"
"Aside from when the NBA commissioner shut the league down around March 11, what was the moment you first started thinking this was going to be a problem? Was there a particular moment you started to get concerned? How early were you taking precautions?"
"You can't make any criticism on the character anywhere without one of them popping up telling you how wrong you are and you should go read X,Y,Z issue of his. And for that claim this is true for all fandom, I have never seen people for other fictional characters get this worked up and offended over a fictional character before.

For example- I made criticism in the past when discussion on why the Justice League failed that it was due to them making superman too strong. I mean in the film he practically defeats the whole team after just coming back to life and then proceeds to beat the main threat of the film causing the ending to be anti-climactic. You can even see the reaction of this by the youtube comments from the general public on the final battle of the film.

Within hours, superman fans start attacking may and saying how I should educate myself on the character and realize that he should be that powerful. They then went on to defend this as good storytelling claimed that it will pay off in the future when the rest of the team gets to superman's level. After which I was accused of wanting the JL movie to just be another avenger clone.

Another instant, the topic of superman films come up. I stated that 1 and 2 were good films but were often overhyped due to nostalgia. I then went on to state that 3 and 4 were bad films before again I was attacked by superman fans who claim they were not. They then accused me of being a hater with some fans admitting the film was bad but Christopher reeves performance in them was still interest.

And god forbid if you make a comment of stating you prefer X character over superman because you find him boring. The personal attacks, insults and lecturing from fans just keeps on coming one after the other.

Why are superman fans like this? I've made criticism and comments on other fictional characters like flash, green arrow, wonder woman before and never have i received such hostility for not worshiping a fictional character."
"Theres this internet friend (I’m gonna use they/them pronouns because they are non binary) I met on twitter 3 years ago. We have been talking about random stuff but not regularly. Like months will pass of us not talking, then I’d tweet about something they would find relatable and we would have decent friendly convos.

Sometimes I am a very random person. I would tweet about how apples would look better if they were purple etc and this person would agree lol. I honestly felt seen and heard, because I could tweet very random small things and they would heart/like it. 

Fast forward to last month. There is this band I just discovered. I kept tweeting about it because I have ADHD and when I love something I talk about it for DAYS. And then they tweeted (without directly mentioning my @) that that band sucked ass. That it was trying to copy some other band. Etc. which made me mad. I felt hurt and my ego was bruised. So I cut access to my account just so I would not go to twitter anymore. 

The thing is... I actually wanted them to see me as cool. So I would obsess over trying to get my twitter so I could still “show” that person that I’m cool and not lame. But since I deleted access to my twitter there is no way to recover it and it is eating me alive."
"They walked around the school, not shooting any students (despite ample opportunity to do so), shooting random items, like bombs they set that failed to explode, or white boards, or windows. All kinds of things that weren't unimpeded mass murder. Then they killed themselves where they'd started."
[removed]
"**Chris Christie tests POSITIVE for COVID-19 and he probably hates Donald Trump after this. Let me divulge:**

First he pours his guts out for Trump's election campaign, and runs the Trump White House Transition Team, only to get shafted at the final hour by Jared Kushner in a perfectly orchestrated revenge move for locking up his father, Charlie Kushner.

Now, Christie isn't running NJ like he once was, and probably could use the cash and certainly could use the political relevance points. When the phone rang and the words 'Please hold for the president' could be heard, Mary Joe (his wife) probably collapsed as she passed him the phone. If you read his book 'Let Me Finish', you'll know that she was persistent from the very beginning that serving the interests of Donald Trump will only come back to hurt him. He relented nonetheless.

He was probably on the next government paid private flight to DC to assist Donald in his 'debate prep' against Joe Biden. I can only imagine how frustrated his face must've looked when he was watching Donald backstage in the Trump green room, as he most definitely disregarded any prep that his team contributed.

After that debacle of a debate, he's on his way back to Mary Joe on the Jersey Shore (probably sent via Greyhound) and is greeted with the news that he brought COVID back with him,

**CONCLUSION: Chris Christie must hate Donald Trump.**"
"Bring on the downvotes lol

TL;DR: with the rise in tech that can literally measure our thoughts and translate them into movements, do you feel that the universe at large can have a similar reaction?

[Also, if you do not believe in law of attraction, I'm happy to hear your input, I have no judgement of anyone]

I'll try to make this post short, and let me preface this by saying I have no formal training or understanding of current technology.

We've all seen videos and demonstrations of new tech that can read thoughts, measure brainwaves and turn them into things. Biggest example being tech that quadriplegics use to walk or use artificial arms.

At the same time, the universe (in many people's eyes) seems to work the same way. We see what we want to happen, we believe it wholeheartedly, and things seem to manifest. The example I will use is Morris E. Goodman, the man who was paralyzed after a plane crash, and used his thoughts to make him walk, breathe, and talk on his own again.

I'm summary, (and I have no judgement on any answers here!) What do y'all think? If thoughts can literally be measured, so they have a quantum effect on the universe and atoms that surround us? Let me know how you feel.

Thank you, and much love to everyone."
"If you only fall for people who differ from you in the same ways, it seems to be more about the other person being able to fill your needs/make you feel good about yourself than it is about actually admiring and respecting the other person as a whole individual. It just leads me to think that you end up falling in love with the specific traits and how they make you feel rather than the actual person."
Was there a particular event that occurred that made you realize you had to help them get into assisted living? How did you make the decision? What was the process like for you?
"Maybe I'm missing something detrimental, but why can't the public know the results of their area or state, say daily, as results from early voting or mail-in votes start to roll in? I've heard that it might discourage voters if they start to see that their candidate is falling behind big, but if I saw my candidate falling behind and there's still a week to vote, I see that as a good rallying point to make with plenty of time to change it, or vice versa, to help maintain my choice candidate's lead."
"As the title says, I’m looking for ways to work while traveling the world. Could be all kinds of work, including cleaning etc, I just need some consistency on the type of work I would be doing while everything else would be temporary. I don’t even know if this is a possibility, so any insights would be awesome."
"I hope this makes sense. I come from a Mexican background and there is a huge emphasis on family and operating as a unit rather than an individual. 

I think there’s a lot of beauty in this as it creates a sense of belonging and support. On the flip side, I feel like we as individuals suffer a lot, neglecting individual desires and passions for “the greater good.” 

By greater I mean in the grand scheme of things, taking into consideration as much as possible, which option seems to have the most benefits emotionally, intellectually, and morally. I’ve been really trying to grapple with this recently.

I’d love to hear your thoughts! Feel free to ask clarifying questions. Again, my apologies if this doesn’t make sense."
"When I started using this side of internet, apart from memes and social media, I felt like idiot because"
"This post will sound extremely pompus, so apologies in advance. 

I've recently become close friends with a bunch of guys who never went to University. Until recently I've maintained friends who either also graduated uni or didnt. The latter group I generally consider 'dumber', intellectually speaking than me and work more 'blue collar' jobs (sorry, I know. Im a wanker).

My new friends hold the opinion that university is a waste of time and money. While I agree that it often leads to awful debt (like I currently experience) my thoughts have always been that University gave me a great deal of knowledge, taught me critical and creative thinking and I'm generally better off for it.

These guys aren't dumb, but they're a little conservative in their views compared to me. We often discuss how I studied at tertiary level when they didnt. I got my masters while they worked in lower positions of careers they currently still work in. They earn more money than me, they also think creatively and critically,  but I often get the feeling these are new skills they've picked up with age/experience. 

I often struggle to explain to them the benefits of University because of the above points - I'm not smarter than them or more advanced career wise but I've generally felt with lesser educated people that I hold something of value that they're missing. (Told you this would sound pompous)

So, other than crippling debt and some fun memories, what did University give you? I know this is a hard thing to generalize on, and every person is different, but I'm just looking for some pro-university arguments :)

Thanks!"
"Isnt all legal tender supposed to be valued the same? How can the mint charge $50-$60 for a $1 coin? Could I request $20 in silver eagles at a bank and exchange a $20 bill for 20 silver coins?

Could someone please explain how this works?"
"I don't know if this feeling is pretty common or not, it surely is something I've been thinking about a lot recently and that I've kinda always thought about actually. It's going to be a long post – thank you in advance to whomever will read this. English is not my native language so there might be some mistakes.

I am a 29-year-old girl from Italy, with a mild knowledge and interest in politics, especialy when it comes to important political events of the past (I was pretty disinterested in history throughout all my school years, for a start...I just studied it mostly to get good grades) or when it comes to get accurate and detailed information about current political events. I tend to just keep up with the news on tv and sometimes read some political commentary online, most of the time not knowing what the “best” opinion about something should be exactly, and always mostly trying to understand what the point of view of the journalist is instead of forming a strong opinion about an event. I never really understood how some people could actually be convinced by slogans that a lot of the time seem to be really simplisistics and hypocritical, how they could be genuinely interested in all that...I just always felt an undertone of disillusionment regarding politics that never really went away with time and that prevented me to inform myself better and maybe to form a stronger opinion on an array of things. Anyway, I don't think that this vision is “right” or good; I am aware that I am ignorant about the subject, so I tend to talk very little about strictly political things IRL, limiting my commentary on events that are socially relevant and easiest to discuss.

In all this disillusioned stance, I tend to think a lot about people expressing more extreme political views, positioning themselves on the far-left or far-right spectrum, people that gather themselves in political organizations, that have strong beliefs that shape not only their ideas but their lives, people that can use violence on the streets to express or to defend their political ideas. How they do this? What is that make them so invested in a political ideal or party? Do they always know what they do or want politically speaking or it is just a need to have a more mundane “faith”? On one hand, a lot of extremists ideas scare me a lot (particularly far-right ones, but I have doubts about some far-left stances too) but on the other hand I am kind of fascinated by people that are actually passionate about politics so much that they lean towards more non mainstream ideas or anti-system positions.

In the end, I find myself searching for political related news or extreme opinions online more to try to understand and analyze people behaviours and thoughts than to form a firm opinion, more to reflect about what politics is to others than what it is to myself, more to get more and more confused than to clear my mind. Do you have/ Have you had a disillusioned approach to politics like mine? How do you keep informed and interested in politics? What is your stance towards political extremisms?"
[removed]
"Sorry if my title has bad phrasing. 

I’m a 16F currently dating a boy my age. All the adults around us (including even our teachers) have been giving us warnings such as “don’t think this is who you’ll marry” or “95% of high school relationships don’t work out.” As much as it has good intentions, I feel like it’s very demoralizing (if that’s the right word.) I’m becoming very pessimistic about my relationship. Does anyone know if this is the right way to deal with kids having relationships? Are they right in constantly warning us like this?"
So guys at my current work it is required to provide 1 month notification for resignation or 1 months salary in lieu of notice. My question is if i provide one month notice and then halfway decide to pay the one months salary could i quit immediately? Or is that once i provide one month notice i have to work for the one month?
"I've been so confused lately, I hate my job, and yet I don't leave and go somewhere else, im constantly worrying about my relationships, like I'm doing something to really hurt my girlfriend, or I feel as though I'm making my friends not want to be around me by how boring and mediocre and unlikable I've become, I'm driving my family away from me, and I don't know what to do next. I don't have the motivation to make something, I'm not sure how to find a hobby, my brain doesn't make it clear to me what I like to do and what I don't like to do and I just feel really lost and confused right now. I don't know what my next step is and I'm not sure how to find out. Kinda sucks. Anyone have any advice?"
"I don't understand what the nothing means! Like is it saying nerf as in an action and you aren't ""nurfing"" or is nurf an object here that you are refusing to get? Even if so you could still get something instead of nothing so what the FUCK does it mean? People keep thinking im joking about this question but I'm not I really don't understand"
"I remember it talking about soil erosion and runoffs, and the worms had to find out what was happening to the dirt or something like that. I used to check it out from the library all of the time when I was a kid, but for the life of me, I cannot find this book anywhere online and I'm beginning to question its existence."
"I've seen a fair number of celebrities who are pretty much average in looks, average in performance, and there doesn't seem to be much that stands out about them at all. Some examples are: Adam Sandler, Miley Cyrus and Cara Delevingne.

Adam Sandler a comedian and cracks jokes. I found his humor good indeed, but it got repetitive after a while. I don't consider his humor to be top-notch. Miley Cyrus... I don't get it at all. She's below average in looks, her performance is below average, below average talent, and her singing is not that good. It may indeed be good to some people, but I gotta admit, it's nothing extraordinary. Cara Delevingne's looks are below average and her acting is not that good at all. I'm not only talking about these examples in particular. I'm talking about average celebrities in general.

How did these people get famous? How did they win among hundreds of different applicants who are more competent, and having better performance? There are much more competent people out there who are more extraordinary, and yet these average people are more famous. Their performance is either average or below average. 

Why don't producers choose the best and most competent applicants? Why do they choose mediocre applicants like these? There are people who deserve this position more than them. So how did they win, compared to their peers? I don't really get it. At this point, the conspiracy part of me is suggesting that they've sold their soul in some way, lol. I don't see many other explanations as to how they got to such a position. So that's why I came here asking for different perspectives. Thanks a lot."
[removed]
"I know I don't live in the United States, but I absolutely despise Donald Trump. He's a horrible human being whose selfishness, narcissism and apathy has led to the death of tens of thousands, and it sickens me that someone of that character become the leader of the most powerful country in the world. The idea of him being elected for *another* 4 years is sickening, despite the fact that I do not live in the U.S. and I will barely be impacted if he is re-elected. Am I being overdramatic?"
"Hi, registered Democrat here in a VERY blue state in the US. I've been doing some serious research and soul-searching for the last year or so, and I believe I have come to my conclusion that Trump is the better candidate to lead America (despite his outrageous personality, I know). I am worried about what my friends and family will think, and if my vote will ever be leaked somehow some day. I know voter records are kept, but I REALLY don't want to advertise this and I hope people will never get to see which candidate each person voted for. I am just being honest. The social stigma on this is just too much, but I know in my SOUL that this is just the best thing for us, whether you like him or not. 

I want to come to terms here. I don't want to be labeled a bad, or racist person. I am not the least bit racist.. I haven't seen any proof of Trump being so either. I think he's done a GREAT service to the people by calling out the fake media, big tech, corrupt politicians, etc. I'm not a fan of his personality either, but man, a spade is a damn spade here, and I can't be going crazy. He is literally putting his life on the line to expose everything that's been wrong with our country and people just give him shit for anything they want. 

Should I just give up my own train of thought here and adopt to the way most people are thinking about Trump? Or go with my own rationale and just do it. I don't want to regret this, and will have to accept the fact that I voted for someone who makes dumb remarks all the time. If it gets out I will probably lose 80% of my friend base too. I just don't understand how everyone is so concerned with his personality and not his actions. He has proven his resilience and determination at this point, and Biden hasn't. If I'm going crazy somehow, please let me know. I just really have to vent this and ask you all; does it make ME a bad person???"
"Disclaimer: Oh dear, I'm so afraid about this question haha"" Please, I'm not trying to be any sort of moralistic. I'm not interested on judging the boys or girls for their choices. I'm just trying to understand that phenomenon which I observe in my school, and with my friends. 

But here we go;

Well, here in Brazil, we have an expression called ""Zé Droguinha"". Witch would be something like, the ""Drugged Jack""; those boys who uses... well... drugs haha"" 

And the point of the ""joke"", is that a lot of times it refers to how girls/women get attracted by those guys. 
""– Look at her. She is with that Drugged Jack, dude.""
And most of us men, gets amazed by that. I""ll explain why (if it's necessary, idk):

–By the perspective of one of them, I would say that they/we get envy about it. More or less, by a sense of, ""being righteous doesn't pay off"".

But, there is a lot of others examples of girls getting attached to ""bad boys"" throughout the history, so I think you could know what I'm talking. The point is that I think that is dangerous to men; Since they will try to make a lot of bullshit to imitate them, just to attract the attention of the girls!

I can see a lot of originally romantic guys, who just give up and start to treat girls ""different"", just to be that bad boy. Or just being encouraged since a kid to turn that way.

Trying to be clever, I think that they are just trying the wrong girls. They I falling in love for the wrong ones. Maybe theres also be a lot of girls out there, who are also equally romantic. But they are (for some reason) chasing the wrong ones. I imagine that, because I also hear from girls that they also like some sort of romanticism. But there are only dickheads all there!

But looks. Can you see the cycle?

Man try to be good &gt; Get Upset &gt; Become the ""bad boy"" and make a lot of bullshit = Woman complain that men are stupid....

That cycle doesn't make sense. So basically, I'm exposing he stupidity of us men haha"" 

But well, I can't get sure about you girls... Why do you think that happens, in your POV? Why does girls sometimes prefers the bad boys? Would that just be some sort of curiosity? Or are they funnier? I've no idea haha""

Well, thank's for reading this far. And sorry for any possible mistake. English is not my first language :)"
"A bit of a complex question that I’m 1) finding difficult to articulate and 2) finding more difficult to answer. 

Today in New Zealand the preliminary cannabis referendum results were released with a majority marginally against legalisation. The current laws are widely seen as perpetuating disproportionate Māori incarceration rates. Legalisation, while not a panacea to this issue, was argued to, in part, alleviate the systemic racism Māori are subject to. 

A rhetoric floating around from the legalise campaign is that a no vote is, and was, a vote for racism. 

But there are some valid concerns regarding cannabis legalisation such as drug driving and police resourcing to uphold legalisation, among other things. 

So, the question comes to whether it is racist to vote against the legalisation, citing your concerns for drug driving and even acknowledging the racial harm of the laws? Can you be indirectly racist? 

Much like voting for a political party or candidate in which you agree with most, but not all, of their policies. 

Further questions: 
Can you silo these issues? 
Or is there no possibility of separating them? Because it could be argued that at the end of the day, whether you intend to or not, a no vote may perpetuate the injustices? 
Can the proposition that a ‘no vote perpetuates racial injustice’ hold true while voting no and not being racist? 

Would love to see some discussion to help flesh out these topical questions! Thanks!"
"English is not my native language and even if already read a lot on the internet, I want to maintain contact with a more written/not-so-informal level of English. I'd like to read news generally related to Politics, Economics, Conflicts, and general world/everyday events. The problem I find is all forms of written journalism fall into either of the following:

1. A clear leftist inclination
2. A clear focus on a particular country's reality (People, history, politics, news).

I've tried The Economist (type 1) and The Spectator (type 2). What magazine would you recommend? I'm basically looking for a general world news magazine that's somewhat neutral or conservative. I'm open to options from whatever country/continent possible, as long as it's serious and well written. Please be respectful if you have different preferences. I'm just trying to find something that fits me without offending anyone. Also, sorry if this wasn't the right sub for this."
"Hi, before you ask, no I'm not planning to kill myself today. I just been wondering for a long time now what the best drug is to overdose on. Call it morbid curiosity, is ODing even a nice way to die?
I can't find answers trough Google etc

Is dying from overdose much different from drug to drug?"
I always seem to hear only a portion of my playlist
"i usually wouldn't do this but i have limited resources and the pandemic isn't making anything easy. but now i'm desperate to start on this project since i've already lost enough time trying to keep in touch with my relatives only to get no response due to their busy schedules. i badly need this in order to pass this class and proceed to my fourth year in uni so i would really appreciate it if this gets answered. (deadline is on nov 1st, today's october 30th)

1. Name: (can be a pseudonym)
2. How do you understand the concept of single blessedness?
3. How long have you been single?
4. Did you choose to be single?
5. Why did you choose to continue living the vocation of single blessedness?
6. What are the common problems you encounter in your vocation?
7. What are your personal opinions on single blessedness?"
"Hi I live in England and am anticipating a second national lockdown soon and I am constantly seeing Sweden given as an example in the media of a lockdown free national response. However, I have not heard of any second lockdown in China yet they seem to have got rid of virus transmission as far as the available figures suggest. Would love to hear some options on this apparent statistical anomaly"
[dog video](https://youtu.be/j5a0jTc9S10)
"I've seen this question asked a few times, but never seen any real answers. I've tried looking it up it seems like no one is prepared for this scenario though I'm sure it will happen at some point even if years down the road, so what naming convention will the National Weather Service use to name hurricanes after the english and greek alphabet is used up in a single storm season? What should they use?"
"sorry for the spelling, I'm Spanish and I'm using the translator. This is my first post on reddit, sorry if I'm not very good at it.
I am fifteen years old and I have the crystal bone disease epilepsy sudden faints etc, I answer questions about my day to day how I do things or what you ask"
"https://theconversation.com/australia-needs-to-confront-its-history-of-white-privilege-to-provide-a-level-playing-field-for-all-139755

Especially compared to the UK or Canada."
"I was going to pose this as a question, but thought it better to present it as an argument, then let the discussion unfold as such. Any species that evolves on a planet will more or less face the same scarcity and competition for resources as life on this planet.  Accordingly, I expect that when they are/were at our stage of development, they were probably no more moral or kind than we are.  Over time, humans have overall become a less violent species (despite what the media may have you believe).  Obviously our weapons of war have increased in power and we have done a lot of super efficient killing in the recent centuries, but I am talking about the overall tendency of the average person, and the statistics of things like how many wars are there, how much crime is there, now much hunger and disease is there.. on almost every one of those fronts, we are moving in the right directions.  Now is the best time to be alive, statistically speaking.

 As society has developed, We have industrialized compassion and empathy and have become far more capable at being effective at acting in line with those concepts.

We have also industrialized violence and war, but instances of those are decreasing over time.  I think this points to the fact that IF a species can make it past the stage of development we are in, they will have more benevolent characteristics in general than violent characteristics, as the advancement of society beyond some points appears to be contingent upon benevolence and cooperation winning out over conflict and divisiveness.  If a society does not wrangle that in, I think they have a large chance of destroying themselves.   On small scales we see it... working together is almost always more effective than infighting.  

The second prong of my argument has to do with eliminating scarcity.  Looking at our own species, if we continue to advance like we are it is likely that we will have the technology to make all the necessary things we need to survive and thrive totally through autonomous and renewable means.  The convergence of technologies like renewable energy, energy storage, robotic vision, AI, and advancements in control of dynamic complex machines (robots) are eventually going to create a super capable, powerful automated infrastructure that can sustain and maintain itself and provide everything we need to exist.  I think there may some some horrible hiccups along the way, but in order to advance to the level of a true spacefaring race, we will by default have to overcome those issues and reach the potential I have outlined.  

In this scenario, once scarcity is effectively elimination, and the provision for existence are readily available to everyone for free, the entire dynamic of society will be transformed.  At this stage we will all have likely access to some kind of brain computer interface that will radically transform and elevate the intelligence of the average human.  Since more highly educated and intelligent people tend to show less violent tendencies, we should be in great shape.  

If this line of thinking is right, I think it tells us that the only kind of space faring race we should expect to encounter is going to be totally integrated with their technology, unlikely to need any resources from us, and generally benign as far as being a threat to us is concerned.  I could be way off, but this seems reasonable to me and I have been thinking about it for a long time.  First post on Reddit BTW, better late than never.... :)"
"We spend a lot of time protecting children from themselves with ESRB ratings, MPAA ratings, Age checks, and various other mechanisms.

Every now and then some content slips through. I remember as a kid, when my parents were away - I found a VHS copy of Die Hard and watched it. It was shocking to see the amount of blood and violence. But that was about it.

What is the measurable damage to a child's mind if they see a woman's nipple exposed?
I dunno. But we must protect them!

I can see if some creepy adult kept them locked in the basement and fed them a diet solely of extreme gore/sex/violence that could affect the psyche of a developing brain. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about letting everyone find the answers to the questions that THEY seek on their own.

What would happen?"
I understand a man could get unwanted touch from a women. How can a man be raped by a women. I don't know how they could get you hard to rape you.
"Hey reddit, I recently found a brand new pair of shoes in my car. They're size 12W, and the only other person that has been in my car besides me prior has a size 7 foot. Its been a couple of days since, and I've been thinking about the possibility of symbolism. Does anyone have any info regarding peculiar situations such as this one? I'm pretty on edge about this, any info would be greatly appreciated."
[removed]
"Today I ran into something interesting. An insta ghost account that was looking to hire ""models"" to participate in their content. My question is, since you're basically hiring someone to make you more profit, do you pay them part of what you make? I'm genuinely curious."
"
Hey. I’d like to hear your opinion. First of all, I have to say that I’m not an English Native, but still try to explain clearly what I mean. 

We can note that there were often social media challenges and trends around the world. Among them: Ice Bucked Challenge, Until Tomorrow Challenge, Kiki Challenge, The 10 Year Challenge, etc. 

What it’s all about: 
These challenges are often initiatives by well-known social media users who have a wide reach, followers who go through the feed of the respective influencers on a daily basis and just want to be part of these challenges and trends. 

What if we shift this a little bit. 
Trends developed against Corona. Who makes the best masks?( creativity contest features on social media) apps which help older people do their shopping, young people who introduce the younger generation to what role they play, and how they act well and deliberately and how preferring fun activities in these unprecedented times can endanger other people’s lives. Masks should start to be free of charge. ( Here we could create a small fund) We should allow in more countries for older people to buy only for themselves from 8-10 o’clock. Older people tend to sleep shorter, so they are awake earlier. I was frightened about how many masks are on the ground everywhere, we could develop a trend to pick up those masks and throw them away. Unfortunately, recycling is particularly difficult. Mask controllers, focus on throwing this away? #againstmasksontheground #disposeofyourmaskscorrectly


I look forward to your ideas, and I hope the post makes sense. I think we should just be more proactive and take advantage of the digital world."
"As in dating and sleeping around with a lot of people?

I’ve heard arguments mostly pointed towards it being bad especially for women:


It conditions people to not really build meaningful relationships (when things go bad just go to the next person). And to continually sacrifice one’s youth for short term hedonistic pleasure. Furthermore you’re more likely to not be able to maintain a monogamous relationship once you’re used to this life style. 

A woman has a much shorter period of time than a man, to find a life partner to raise a family with. 

Once you’ve reached your 30s-40s as a woman your dating pool shrinks significantly. Even further still I think there are not too many men who would be interested in dating a middle aged woman who has “slept with the entire town.”


I never really thought of any of this until I ran into a discussion about it on Quora. What are your thoughts?"
"It is ethical to conclude that you can’t determine which candidate would be the least worst choice. Or that the semi worst choice is still so bad you cannot in good conscience help put that person in the presidency.

To pick the lesser of two evils is still to pick an evil. You’re still supporting a candidate you don’t agree with. By giving them your vote, you have to live with the fact that you gave them your vote and technically supported them.

Another question you don’t have to answer but why is 3rd party voting looked down upon. Maybe if everyone didn’t have the attitude that voting third party is throwing your vote away then maybe we could see significant change.

FYI (not talking about the local elections I’ll participate in that)"
"What is it about them that makes them so damn ineffective? I've never had that issue with a language teacher, or an info tech expert, or any specific subject matter field. I run into it constantly with mathematics and science teachers and professors, who are either unable or unwilling to help someone who is struggling to understand. What do you think it is?"
How would we vote for a new candidate? Who gets to decide?
"The subject says it.  I don't think the Republicans will try to storm the White House nor the Democrats?  Who do they perceive the ""threat"" is?"
"After a discussion with a co-worker about how the installation of a 10% flat tax rate would affect the growth of companies, I'd like another opinion. I said if you have 10 billion dollars, and get taxed 10%, then you still have nine billion dollars. He responded bear attacks that large would have meant Bill Gates would have never created Microsoft, and Jeff Bezos would have never created Amazon. He argues that the trickle-down method works perfectly fine as it has for the past 250 years, and that we only think it doesn't work because the wage disparity is so large, but that trying to change the system now would destroy the process. I don't personally think of course that would stifle human desires for wealth, but even if it does slow progress marginally, I don't see that as a reason to not go ahead and implement it anyway for all the spare money the country could use to put towards improving quality of life for the non ultra rich citizens."
"I keep trying to ask this on /r/outoftheloop but they keep removing the post so I'm going to try here. 

Anyway, I've been seeing it a lot lately. I've been assuming it means the same as ""I..."" as in ""I have no words"" but I'm not confident and it's hard to search for this in search engines due to it being a single character so I can't get an answer.

An example would be a comment on Reddit consisting of nothing but ""I""."
Sodas are overly sweet.  All attempts at reducing calories are by adding artificial sweeteners.  Why can't they just make an option with less sugar in them like they serve at Ikea?
[removed]
"I'm 19 and in college. My friends have their life planned out. There is pressure from my parents. In my country competition is very very tough, and there are age restrictions on every job in every field. I am undecided. Nothing interests me, but whenever I choose something, I feel like I am making the wrong choice and it would haunt me later. I'm very scared. Please help. Please give practical, helpful suggestions, even if you have to demean me."
"Posted to r/nostupidquestions it got removed.  

Something like a video comparison of the two’s policies or similar? They are huge trump cultists and swear the us will crumble under Biden and are threatening to leave the country entirely because trump lost..."
"If you don't understand what I mean, this may help:

My cousin, at the age of 34, died in a car accident because she was intoxicated. At the funeral, we all said our goodbyes and went to carry on through the night. It was cut short, because of my cousins sister who thought it would be cute to say, ""Drinks on me!"". My cousin died in a car accident. Drunk. Let's just say the remainder not the night didn't go well."
"If you don't understand what I mean, this may help:

My cousin, at the age of 34, died in a car accident because she was intoxicated. At the funeral, we all said our goodbyes and went to carry on through the night. It was cut short, because of my cousins sister who thought it would be cute to say, ""Drinks on me!"". My cousin died in a car accident. Drunk. Let's just say the remainder not the night didn't go well."
"If you think about your reasons for voting Trump, break them down like the slices of a pie. What were your biggest reasons and what percentage 100% would you assign each one? Be as detailed as you would like."
I was just thinking about how weird it is that so many comedians are liberals so when it comes to adding levity to a situation where do Conservatives turn to? They certainly aren't watching Saturday Night Live.
"A friend posted this on Facebook:

""I am making this post so it will show back up as a future memory on my timeline: Today is three days after the 2020 election. Gasoline is currently $1.99-2.49 per gallon. Interest rates are 2.65% for a 30 year mortgage. The stock market closed at 27,848, even though we have been fighting COVID for 9 months. Our GDP growth for the 3rd Qtr was 33%. We had the best economy ever until COVID and it is recovering well. We have not had any new wars or conflicts in the last 4 years. North Korea has been under control and has not been testing any missiles. Isis has not been heard from for over 3 years. The housing market is the strongest in over 20 years. Homes have appreciated at an unbelievable rate and sell within hours of going on the market, with multiple offers.
If there is new leadership I hope they can build on these things and can keep them going (copied).""

Can you all help me take a closer look at these ""successes""? 

For example, I looked up to 33% GDP growth in the third quarter of 2020. This appears to be a rebound from a 30% plus decrease in Q2, and 5% plus decrease in Q1 (I know, COVID). Saying there was a 33% increase in Q3 initially looks good, until you realize it was a rebound. It's a fact, but it's nuanced. 

Can you all help me articulate the other nuances in the post above? I probably won't respond to the friend on Facebook, but I'd like help with the fact checking here."
"I'm currently waiting to hear back from a recruiter to see if I got the job. But each time a thing like this or anything similar which isn't exactly in my hand, happens I tend to worry unnecessarily about what's going to happen and what the future holds and it ends up ruining my mood and affects other relationships I have. How do I accept it and move on and stop worrying unnecessarily"
"The goverment have been dysfunctional for decades and getting worse and tribalism entrenched in the two main parties. One of the worst fear of George's Washington is two have two parties control us  politics even when he encouraged competition between his secretaries. 

Trust in the government And democracies is all time low . One of the major problem was the inequality of wealth generated with global trade . It generated a lot of wealth but most of it was in the hand of companies that invested into political influence to protect their priviligied.  This caused a disintegration of middle class and list of influence of it and of unions . This was a global trend in western world but US was hit a lot more hard because of stronger corporate influence .

You have a dysfunctional antiquated voting system. Electors were supposed to protect from the tyrant of majority but now help with tyrany of minority . Heavily urban area that contribute more in taxes and income in the budget are getting less vote and representation then empty patches of land . 

Corruption and tactic used   in the last presidency was disturbing something we see mostly in authoritarian system. 

What do you think is the solution to reform US governanc into a more efficient ruling machine ? A parliamentary system ? More proportionate representation ? More check and balances ?"
"I remember back in the 90's that games use to be about 500-750 mbs max for high end games with 2d base games being either kb or double digit megabytes. When did the game industry change to the point where computer games are now 20-100 gb in size? Also, given the finite hard drive space for laptops and machines, do you think there will be any measures put in place to compress the game size down to smaller bytes so they don't take up as much space on machines?"
"I commented this on a post on my main account in reaction to an AITA post and a separate redditor who called me homophobic. 

I started this year as a strong Christian Republican and I've slowly swayed to indecisive. I honestly don't want to be a negative part of the world and I think its important to not be ignorant on political topics so if I am wrong in this post I promise that I'm more open to change than you think.

The comment:
I don't think he said he hates her. Thats kind of exaggerating it. I'm Christian and if my child was LGBTQ I wouldn't be happy but I would treat them the same as before and I wouldn't shun them. If you do it because of your religion your valid as long as you don't make it the child's problem. I'm not going to tell my child how I feel if I feel like that could hurt them in anyway. The child's health comes first but I'm not going to a rally because that just isn't what I believe in. If I see someone being bigoted I'll step in because you shouldn't make your believes someone else's problem but I'm not going to praise LGBTQ people. That's my take and if I'm wrong please explain why because I feel like this is a very selfless take and expecting someone to defy their religion further than this is kinda asking them to forfeit their beliefs for the slightest convenience of others. I'm not saying I don't like LGBTQ people I wouldn't be friends with LBGTQ people if I didn't like them. I don't have a prejudice, I have a religious obligation. I think its weird to call someone homophobic because they won't treat LGBTQ better than a straight male. The goal is inequality and imo the way to divide is to be more extreme and less neutral. If you want people to change you have to see where they're coming from no matter how wrong they are. 

Edit: He definitely is the asshole and you should always support your daughter as a daughter not for her gender. I don't understand why I'm part of the problem if I've said I'd defend LGBTQ from bigoted people, and I wouldn't be bigoted towards LGBTQ. Don't respond to me calling me homophobic and quote me saying I don't like LGBTQ when I never said that. Its fine if you point out something that you think I'm actually doing wrong like not praising LGBTQ (even though I disagree) and you've quoted me saying that. (I think if you prefer an apple over a banana but no one would be able to tell that based on how you act, thats equality and there isn't anything wrong with that.)&lt;--- I think that's controversial and I'm open to someone explaining why thats wrong. I'm open to changing my mind I'm not super firm on that idea because I can see some ways thats wrong.

Tldr of Edit: Don't put words in my mouth, but call me out about something I actually said. I think equality isn't based on preference but on treatment.

Reply:

I would prefer not to speak to someone who's homophobic (yes, saying you don't like and won't praise LGBTQ people is homophobia) as a lesbian so please refrain from responding further to me, thank you

Tbf I did edit my comment after she replied so some of my comment is edited to respond to her (indirectly since she didn't want me to reply to her again."
"The one’s who may be quieter than others, but almost always hand in assignments on time and pass all the tests the first time."
"I’ve been looking for some studies on how income taxes actually impact consumers, even when the taxes are targeted at higher income brackets, and i can’t find anything. There seems to be a lot of fear that higher taxes on higher earners would just force them to find away to put the load on lower income earners by raising rent, raising prices of goods, and so on. How true is this ?"
"Or can we influence our identity enough later on to ""change""?"
"I don’t know if it’s because I have such low self-esteem (or maybe I’m just appropriately humble but probably somewhere in-between) but I genuinely get irked when someone outright brags on themselves. I want to be supportive and happy for them, and I’m happy to compliment normally, but once they start talking about how great they are or how well they did something I have a hard time not rolling my eyes. Hard."
"I'm so bored, I want to try new hobbies."
"I want to hear real people’s opinions :)

I’ve tried searching on google but all articles that show up are those list ones. I couldn’t find anything useful there so I’m turning here!"
"**For me, it was ""GPA doesn't matter"". I was doing STEM, thought this was true. Wanted to do sth great. And fucked up studies badly.** 

After making mistakes I realised that I was doing the right thing. Studying as a student. And that is the best thing in the world.

GPA=knowledge+hardwork+dedication, so it matters.

Be it directly or indirectly. 

What were the biggest lies that you heard of? Share your experience."
"I don't understand [Nate White on Quora's answer](https://timpanogos.blog/2019/06/24/nate-whites-stunning-answer-to-the-question-why-do-many-british-people-not-like-donald-trump/) to ""Why do many British people not like Donald Trump?""

&gt; And in Britain we traditionally side with David, not Goliath. All our heroes are plucky underdogs: Robin Hood, Dick Whittington, Oliver Twist.
&gt; 
&gt; Trump is neither plucky, nor an underdog. He is the exact opposite of that.
&gt; 
&gt; He’s not even a spoiled rich-boy, or a greedy fat-cat.

1. Please see this post's title.

2. Why have most British heroes been ""plucky underdogs: Robin Hood, Dick Whittington, Oliver Twist""?"
"Many people believe that their live has to have a bigger meaning or be a part of something bigger. They believe in destiny, a bigger purpose or a divine purpose given to their lives. But why is that?

I don’t necessarily understand this urge to have a bigger meaning. 
Isn’t it liberating to not have a purpose? Why do so many people reject the idea of coincidence?

And even if you do want a purpose or meaning (even though I would like to know why many people crave this altogether) isn’t it fulfilling to give this to your live by yourself? 

You could for example be shocked by the amount of people who have to live in famine and dedicate your life to help these people. It doesn’t even have to be something this big."
" **i have been thinking about learning a new language and icelandic caught my attention so if u can speak it then plz answer my questions:**

**1-is icelandic hard to learn (i speak english and arabic if that helps)**

**2-how long will icelandic take me to learn** 

**3- what are the best programs to learn from** 

4-is icelandic similar to english arabic or french"
"Or because they draw some twisted sense of joy or satisfaction as a girl out of it.

By specifically exploiting, assaulting and violating the male weak spot and genitals, SPECIFICALLY because they're EXACTLY THAT.

How is this considered ""funny""? How is this any better than when a guy gropes a girl and beats her into that kind of agony?  
When a girl does this to a boy, why should he not give her a hard punch in the face for it once he can stand again?"
this is purely based on tinder likes but it seems like I only attract a certain type of girl and they are a type of girl I'm not attracted to. I almost never match with girls that actually catch my attention. Why is that?
"Do you think it's an evolutionary thing to be attracted romantically to someone funny? If so, why? And do you think women look for this trait more in men than men to in women? If so, why? If not, what is it about being funny that makes someone more appealing as a partner? If you like being around funny people you can just have funny friends, how does it turn romantic? You wouldn't want to marry a non-stop clown, would you? So is there a sweet spot of humor you look for in a potential partner or the funnier the better? Or is it just not important to you?"
"I've been looking into getting healthcare for years, but I've never been able to afford it.  My wife is pregnant, so it's something that I definitely want to try to get started for next year.  I've been looking at the website, and I can't seem to find anything that I can afford.  The cheapest option would be around $500/month for my wife and I, or maybe just $300 for her alone.  I can't get insurance through my job (as we don't have enough full time employees to require providing healthcare).  I also make too much to qualify for any kind of help.  I don't feel I make enough to be able to afford $300, let alone $500 a month unless I just stop eating.

&amp;#x200B;

I am so frustrated and stressed out about this.  Basically my plan right now is to hope that neither of us get sick or hurt.  If we do, we'll go to the hospital, walk out with a huge bill, and just not pay it.  I have friends that basically owe thousands to hospitals, but they say that they can't take their taxes or deduct it from their paychecks.  They say there isn't really any downside to hospital bills, as opposed to say student loans that accrue interest.  

&amp;#x200B;

I want to be a responsible adult and have insurance and pay my bills.  I just feel it's out of the question.  I want to know if I'm alone in feeling this way.  Are any of you in a similar position where you just can't afford Healthcare despite having a good job and being firmly middle class?"
"First and foremost: I am not a fan of heels. I think they are annoying, uncomfortable, and dangerous to ankles. I do not wear them. 

My friend and I were having a discussion. I have been drawing characters he's come up with so he has a concrete visual for them, since that's something he struggles with. (For some characters, all he has for them is ""tall"" or ""dark hair"" until I give him with more.) 

This one female character has a noble background. She excels in the political circus and even enjoys it. She wears long flowing dresses because she wants to and is entirely confident and sure of herself. I drew her in heels. 

My friend thought that was odd. He thinks of heels as something entirely unempowering. This is because every woman he has heard talk about heels says much the same things: they're painful, they're uncomfortable, no one wears them because they actually want to, etc. He thinks of heels as something restrictive and even in a way demeaning. 

I don't think this way, but I know there are women who find wearing heels empowering. That's why I drew the character in them; she embraces the politics and formal life and finds power in her ability to traverse it, so i thought she would be one of those women who wears heels because she wants to. 

The problem is, while he isn't calling me a liar, he can't wrap his head around the idea of heels making someone feel empowered or in control. I tried to explain it, but since I don't think that way I floundered. 

Part of what I'm looking for is confirmation that yes, there are women who like wearing heels and I'm not just imagining that. I also want help putting the idea into words. I've always been proud of the fact that I can see things from other points of view, and I want to help him be able to do that too, even if we still disagree."
" It isn't easy to predict because Twitter, YT, FB etc are the first platforms that are widely used by people for more or less a decade. I guess it would be easier to predict if MySpace was already huge back in the 90s and then got replaced by FB, and so on and so forth. We would simply conclude that FB had something new that Myspace did not. But thats not the case. In the grand scheme of things, we're actually very new to the social media phenomenon.

What are your thoughts on this? What could be the next big thing? Or is there no next big thing?"
"I met this guy 4 years ago on Facebook. I was 23 and he was 21. I am Syrian, raised in Canada and pretty Canadianized, and he is Syrian from Syria.

I was still a student in University. Since then, I have graduated and got a career job. I have never met this person, but over the years, despite some long pauses, we often talked for hours on the phone, went on cam a few times, texted daily, etc. We shared so many moments together. Some of the most difficult moments of my life he was there for me, on text or call, but there for me. Sometimes days or weeks would pass where we wouldn't talk, but I always fell back on him, for emotional support, for company, for conversation, etc.

This was my FIRST real relationship. This person is too far for me to meet, and can not come to my country, Canada, unless I sponsor him to come. This will take about a year and minimum $4,000. It is not an easy process. So I delayed it for years.

Then, two months ago. He started seeing someone. He said he loves me and still has feelings for me, but he needed something ""real,"" and that in those 4 years I have not done anything concrete to bring us together. This is true, because I was scared of committing to him. I love his looks, his personality, his company... and I think I love him. I think I do. When he told me about this someone else, I was devastated emotionally, I was crying non-stop, no motivation to do anything, could not even go to work. Does this not mean that I love him? I was not able to calm down, until he said we can have another chance, but I must go through the sponsorship path so we can be together, because even though he loves me a lot, he can not end something ""real"" to go back to a virtual relationship.

My friends have all cautioned me about sponsoring. It's a lot of time and energy. Takes a year to process, plus this person will come here and be totally dependent on me for 3-4 years at least, learning the language, starting first year of univ, etc. like having a baby. 

We are just so compatible, suited for each other. I think I love him. When I thought I lost him, I felt intense feelings of love for him and intense sadness, but these intense feelings go away after I win him back.

Taking this step will significantly alter my life. Should I take it? Or should I deal with the pain of losing this relationship and possibly have regrets in the future? I am sad and confused."
"Just assuming that happened, what would happen next? What kinds of insects or things would they try to eat after all the bees were gone? What would be the effects of the bees being extinct and having murder hornets all over the world?"
[removed]
"I don't know if political questions like this are allowed, but I got too curious since Trump said that he ""won the election by a lot"" and refuses to back down. I also got curious after looking at one of the r/pics post where Bush helped Obama transition into office.

Also, I Googled it but there's no clear answers, so I wanted to ask."
[removed]
"Most of us have grew up knowing at least one or two girls who were crazy about horses. According to the 2018 AHP Equine survey¹, for 2 years in a row horse owners are **92% women**!

That's an overwhelming majority! But why is this exactly? Let's review the usual suspects:

1. **Socialization** Cowboys were way more popular than cowgirls. Hell, My Little Pony has a bigger following from grown men (bronies). Black Beauty novel? A single book or movie can't change demographics this much, can it?

2. **Freud**'s theory of ""phallic symbolism"" mumbo jumbo? If that were true wouldn't women also love monster trucks or Harley Davidson bikes? I don't really get this argument.

3. **Power**, grace, strength, majestic wild animals with wind in your hair is exhilarating. You can get most of that on a motorcycle. A kawasaki 750SS has 300 horse power, so it should be 300x more appealing to women?

4. **Care** of horses is very nurturing and fulfilling. Couldn't the same be said about alpacas, donkeys, bulls, llamas, dogs? What is unique about horses?

Why do you think equestrians are almost ALL women? And why doesn't it appeal to men?

1. AHP Equine Survey 2018 - https://www.americanhorsepubs.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/AHP_FinalReport_2018-for-website.pdf"
"You always hear people talk about how ""my friend is always complaining about her life and it's honestly so toxic.""

Why? Why does it bother you so much that your friend came to you for help?"
"**Update**: We talked. It was hard on the both of us. I still feel sad and sick, but a bit better maybe. After getting legal advice, I realized that sponsorship will be very hard. A lot of time and money spent with a very small chance of him actually coming here. This is because we do not fulfill the financial obligations or the visa requirements. He was so understanding. I wish he was not, so I could hate him or blame him a little bit, but he was as sweet as ever, telling me not to worry about it and that he will figure it out another way. He is trying to go to Egypt now and maybe we can meet there in a few months, then he will apply for asylum in Canada. Who knows what the future will bring. I just hope he will be safe and happy, and we will stay in touch.

Thank you to everyone who gave me advice and support. Original post is under the line.

\------------------------------------------------

[https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueAskReddit/comments/jtds5f/i\_invested\_so\_much\_emotion\_and\_time\_into\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueAskReddit/comments/jtds5f/i_invested_so_much_emotion_and_time_into_a/)

I met this guy 4 years ago on Facebook. I was 23 and he was 21. I am Syrian, raised in Canada and pretty Canadianized, and he is Syrian from Syria.

I was still a student in University. Since then, I have graduated and got a career job. I have never met this person, but over the years, despite some long pauses, we often talked for hours on the phone, went on cam a few times, texted daily, etc. We shared so many moments together. Some of the most difficult moments of my life he was there for me, on text or call, but there for me. Sometimes days or weeks would pass where we wouldn't talk, but I always fell back on him, for emotional support, for company, for conversation, etc., I would miss him.

This was my FIRST real relationship. This person is too far for me to meet, and can not come to my country, Canada, unless I sponsor him to come. This will take about a year and minimum $4,000. It is not an easy process. So I delayed it for years.

Then, two months ago. He started seeing someone. He said he loves me and still has feelings for me, but he needed something ""real,"" and that in those 4 years I have not done anything concrete to bring us together. This is true, because I was scared of committing to him. I love his looks, his personality, his company... and I think I love him. I think I do. When he told me about this someone else, I was devastated emotionally, I was crying non-stop, no motivation to do anything, could not even go to work. Does this not mean that I love him? I was not able to calm down, until he said we can have another chance, but I must go through the sponsorship path so we can be together, because even though he loves me a lot, he can not end something ""real"" to go back to a virtual relationship.

My friends have all cautioned me about sponsoring. It's a lot of time and energy. Takes a year to process, plus this person will come here and be totally dependent on me for 3-4 years at least, learning the language, starting first year of univ, etc. like having a baby.

We are just so compatible, suited for each other. I think I love him. When I thought I lost him, I felt intense feelings of love for him and intense sadness, but these intense feelings go away after I win him back.

Taking this step will significantly alter my life. Should I take it? Or should I deal with the pain of losing this relationship and possibly have regrets in the future? I am sad and confused."
"I know the scientific and objective way of doing things goes against misinformation and propaganda, but as a hypothetical, wouldn't it be in everyone's greater interest to fool people into wearing masks? For the sake of argument say you were tasked with coming up with a story or narrative to trick idiots into wearing masks so they think it's the right thing to do, what would you come up with?

Personally I might try to push the idea that the virus comes from China so if they get the virus it's putting Chinese particles in their body so if they're racist and xenophobic they probably wouldn't want that, right?"
"If you had a trillion dollars, what would be the downside of randomly picking a couple dozen children and basically pay to raise them without actually meeting them like a charity but more specific like a make a wish foundation that goes farther?

What comes to mind is that people might think it's unfair because you're picking some people and not others, but how is that different than if you actually adopted a child the way some rich celebrities do? And if more super wealthy people did this then overwhelmingly it would do more good than harm wouldn't it?

What are the main reasons people wouldn't do this aside from just not caring or not wanting to spend the money?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"I've read a fair amount about how children who grow up in volatile homes will often have trouble relating to and/or caring about others. This can be about anything as simple as understanding why they're upset over the class pet dying (not understanding grief is a part of a lack of empathy I think), to not understanding why they would want to put forth the effort to socialize and develop interpersonal relationships. For people who don't have any outside factors, who have a lack of empathy that's strictly genetic or just how they were born/developed, are there any differences in a long term ability to develop these skills? Is there any research that indicates people can be taught to empathize, or is it like language acquisition where there is only a certain window to develop it?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"Well a few renowned scientists have worn about dangers and risk of contacting alien lifeforms ( if they exist ). The serie of into the universe with Stephen Hawking warn about such attempt saying contacting an advanced civilisation would be like the meeting between Colombia and the Indian.  The Indian weren't too happy with the consequences of the contact. 


The rational that any advance alien race might be nomads that colonies any world that could Harbor life or sustain them. And that without telling any alien virus or Bacteria that could wreck Havock with our eco-system .

So do you think it is a good idea to search for alien life and broadcast signals to space ?"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"My question is simple.

Let's say the modern world was coming to an end in one week and only you knew about it transitioning into a post-apocalyptic world such as walking dead without the zombies.

After withdrawing and liquidating all of your assets, what would you purchase to give you an edge, power, and wealth over everyone else in this new Era."
"I have a family member who is an immigrant, and phrases like ""federalism"", ""3/5ths compromise"", ""state's rights"", ""Jim Crow"", just don't ring a bell at all. George Washington is some vague figure, but mostly a bridge in New York. They had no idea there were Native Americans before the settlers came. That sort of thing.

Are there any good free basic documentaries that can ""catch up"" an immigrant to basic US history, from the beginning to the present? Most of the ones I find are kind of either geared towards kids or more advanced topics for people who went to school in the US."
[removed]
[removed]
"So I was on my bank account and realised there were several transactions that went through that I never heard about. I emediently called my bank and they froze my account and said they would send me a new debit card and my automatic transactions that I normally pay for would be updated with my new number in 24 hours. The transactions say little but it does say the companies that took out the money on my online statements. My bank also said that this transaction wasn't used physically, which I think that means that they did it online and no one took my debit card physically. I started calling these companies and telling them I never bought from them and only one of them actually gave me an email that I've never heard of before. So my questions are how does a bank investigate bank fraud which happened here, do they even investigate these things at all? How does one get this information and start buying stuff with my bank, did they do it from my debit card ? I remember I have accidentally left my wallet in a couple places before with my ssn in it ( I know it was stupid ) could they use that with my bank to buy stuff with? So I have this email, what should I do with it? I've already reset my computer to factory default settings what else should I do? anything helps."
"Most people have a time in their life when they learn that tomatoes are actually a fruit.

My question is, why do they seem so unique?

The other fruits I know of--apples, bananas, kiwis, pineapples, etc--are all sweet to entice animals to eat them and spread their seeds that way.

And yes, I know the fruits we eat today are quite different from their 'natural' counterparts because of selective breeding. A truly wild banana would seem awful compared to the ones you buy in a store, having hardly any of the 'good part' to eat and big seeds. A wild apple is tiny and very tart, etc.

Still, it seems like even the wildest tomato must have had a very different base form than the other fruits, to today be more of a savory, unsweet fruit that is used more in sandwiches and soups than for a sweet treat for pies, eaten raw, and so on.

Did the wild tomato plant want to attract a certain animal consumer that was different than the ones that, say, the apple tree did? An avocado isn't really sweet either but it has quite a lot of calories (and it was meant for megafauna like giant sloths) but I can't imagine a tomato has the caloric value to make up for its lack of sweetness."
[removed]
"My workplace is literally down the hall from some construction going on for building renovation, I’m talking so close that I’d have to wear an n95 even without Covid because of all the dust, and it’s driving me crazy. Like a dog who lives in a bad household with yelling all the time who ends up stressed and angry all the time. I’m seriously surprised at how malleable my mind is. I walked into work today with a bad mood, but usually I brighten up after I’ve talked to a couple of people. Not today. I’ve been so fucking pissed off all day that I ended up swearing on the phone with my electric provider (they still haven’t sent me a bill for this month and I’ve spent hours today being given the runaround, it’s infuriating). It got so bad that I hit a weed pen on my lunch break to calm me down, and it didn’t do shit. Now I’m just mad and high.

This construction is going to be happening every day down the hall from me for a month. I’m a sadness/stress eater, and I ate a quarter of a medium pizza, a takeout box of fried rice, and I swear at least 3/4 of a pound of orange and honey chicken. I’m going to have a fucking heart attack from clogged arteries before I have a heart attack from being so stressed.

What can I do?"
[removed]
"All my friends around me talk about how ""communism is cringe"" and how they desire a ""surveillance state"". But it all sounds so ridiculous to me.

The point of politics is to reach an equilibrium between the ""rule-makers"" and the ""citizens"". It's to achieve a state where neither parties are being manipulated by each other. No politicians lying, no irresponsible consumers, just direct and linear development for the country.

I understand that political parties are ways for people to consolidate their general views, but at the same time it sounds so stupid. A communist leader can use another solution from another communist leader.

Since politics is just reaching that aforementioned equilibrium, the only point of politicians or political parties in general is to discern the best way to REACH it. 

A dictatorship can be good or bad depending on the dictator. A surveillance state can be good or bad depending on how it is conducted. All these political parties which people assign random behaviours to doesn't mean anything. Being a conservative doesn't mean you can't advocate for the LGBT community.

It just confuses me how people can talk about these political parties like they contradict each other. They are all a means to reach the same destination.

Rather than people saying ""My beliefs align more with fascism"", people are more likely to say ""I'm fascist, liberalism is weak"". Like I said, there is nothing inherently wrong with a dictatorship. It relies on the dictator. And there is nothing inherently wrong with ANY political system, it relies on how it is run.

So it's more like the people, not the system. So why do people keep talking like this? I seriously cannot relate."
"Assuming a phaser uniformly adds enough energy to convert an entire humanoid body into vapor in a fraction of a second, this would leave a hot, dense cloud of vapor in their place. The unconfined vapor would expand rapidly. How dangerous would it be to the shooter and bystanders, especially in confined places like small shuttlecraft?"
"These days everyone puts their political and social beliefs out there so they can find their people and sift through people they want nothing to do with to find the people they are okay with. I guess that's normal, that's how life works, but now we're seeing society split in two because of it which of course will cause some serious problems. I guess it wasn't a problem in the past because the one side wealthy white men had the majority of the power so you were either on their side or had no power. I suppose that now the power has dispersed into two more evenly matched oppositions that it's now a problem.

My question is now that we've reached this point in society, would it be better to put our politics to the side when first meeting people? My thought was that maybe if you get to know the rest about someone besides their politics you might be more willing to befriend them. Then when you're friends and you've related on a human level, when politics do come up you can thoughtfully have an open minded conversation about it and both sides would be more likely to listen and understand. I know this happens in families a lot and it's useless, but maybe on a wider scale it would lead to more understanding than what we're experiencing now. So do you think avoiding discussing politics could help or is it just the natural better way to get it all out in the open so we know who we're dealing with before we even start talking?"
Feel free to add some insight about any other country you have intimate knowledge of. I'm just curious if you see the same division in society occurring there as it is in America. Is this becoming a global thing?
"I’m  seriously suffering from financial difficulty, and I have nobody to ask.

I need help with groceries as I haven’t been eating. Honestly 30 bucks should do it and I would be so so grateful.

I realise this isn’t the place but it’s one of my favourite subreddits so I don’t know anymore.... hope y’all forgive me.

Also yes this is a throwaway account, I’d be more than willing to give my main to anybody who asks!!"
"I would like to point my phone camera at an icon and be told what app or company it belongs to. Because logos change overtime and have varieties this would involve cluster analysis. Labeling clusters in this fashion seems like it would also work for rocks, sticks, et cetera. Could this be how language developed?"
"Once someone is sinking into irrational thought, how do we prevent them from drowning? What is the life ring we can throw? What are the steps that get them back on the boat and how do we keep them from jumping off again? Asking for a coworker, a parent, another coworker, a friend, and 73 million fellow citizens.

Thanks in advance!"
"What has been your experience with that and how do you deal with it? Or if it doesn't have an effect, why do you think it doesn't?"
"Topic. They do tend to have different mythological creatures, but almost all of the major civilizations had a concept of a dragon. 

They also came up with the same weapons. Systems of government (feudal Japan was the exact same as feudal Europe). 

And even religion types. Pantheon of gods, with a head god: Zeus, Odin, Brahman, Huitzilopochtli. A god of the underworld. A god of war. Etc...

???

Maybe the bow and arrow isn’t as far fetched. Because of the constraints of physics. 

But when it comes to the infinite possibility of ideas it is strange about the dragons, gods, governments etc...."
"2020 is probably one of the worst years in recent memory. Many of us cooped up at home and didn't get much chance to enjoy life throughout the year. Will you take this holiday as an excuse/opportunity to go on a spending spree?

Join the discussion [https://forms.gle/uQ74rzhrpBUpuy1r5](https://forms.gle/uQ74rzhrpBUpuy1r5)"
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUh5WEee4nI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUh5WEee4nI)  (the guy screaming)

at 3:10

i dont know where to post this so i posted this here.

thanks! &lt;3"
"Of course I love a day off from work as much as anyone, but do people genuinely enjoy holidays and spending time with family? I started a new job this summer and my new co-workers are much more outgoing than at my last job. They're currently going on in IM about what Thanksgiving food they're most looking forward to and how much they're going to miss their family, etc., and all I'm thinking about is how much of a hassle all the cooking and cleaning will be, and how after all that work dinner will be over in 15 min. tops. They seem genuinely excited and happy. I'm middle aged with two adult children and I don't think I've been excited about a holiday since I was 12. I've always assumed that everyone was more or less just going through the motions during holidays, and now I'm wondering if I've never been exposed to happy well-adjusted people before."
"Mainly about intangible concepts that cannot, or at least almost cannot, be decided ""objectively."" e.g. Earth is objectively not flat, but can morality be ""objectively"" decided?

I've been struggling with this philosophical question lately. In one hand, I thought, ""no way morality is decided by majority. If most people think killing people is something acceptable that cannot be right."" But then I apply the Socratic method and ask myself, ""but then who decides what is right and wrong? If someone goes against the flow, when/how/why are they right and when/how/why are they wrong?"" and I now I don't know how to resolve the conundrum. 

What do you think?"
"The film from 1906 features a young girl, and I'm really interested to find out more about her. So I ask your help :)

Here's the film : [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2ZadzpwJZg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2ZadzpwJZg)

\- What we know :  We have learned so far that this film is ""Le déjeuner des Minet"" made in 1905, and released in 1906. This is a french movie, and many viewer lipread french words. 

\- What we don't know yet :  The name of the director. The name of the young girl, and a grandmother. 

Thanks for help !"
"Am I the only one who thinks that one of the major faults of the adults in 2020 is that children were forced to grow up really fast? There wasn't any room for childish ignorance in the year, we got religious fanatics talking about Repent and shit, saying that little Timmy is gonna burn in hell unless he gives his life to God, methhead politicians, etc.

It just kinda feels like we're cheating them out of an innocent childhood, they've gotta face all these problems and act like adults, it's bullshit."
"Many studies that I have read state that qualities such as intelligence, appearance, hard work, confidence, etc. are determined by the influence of genes, but also an important factor is the environment. For example, children born in poor families are less likely to study well and develop themselves.   
People who were abused and were able to overcome it, did they cope through predisposition or their own efforts? Is Personality Genetic?  
Is it possible to change yourself in spite of your environment and genes? Those who are unlucky enough to be born in a good environment with good genes will not be able to succeed? Is this fate in some sense? And what is the role of the epigenetic in this? Is it possible to change our genes during one's life? Can we create our own environment, but in adulthood? Because in childhoold we are barely can control our life fully (Sorry for my poor english)"
"I’ve been thinking of humans from a very analytical, social standpoint. Understanding how social interactions define the world around us, how we differ from other animals, but mostly how we *need* other people. Yes, that’s inherent as biological beings, but the covid situation has made me realize that we really need people for every aspect of our lives. We need them for just pure joy in life, entertainment, everything, really. But besides social interaction being so necessary, what other reasoning do you believe humans desire being around each other? What makes social interaction so intense for us?"
"My church is doing ""shower packs"" for kids who come into foster homes without anything.  Sometimes these kids are taken from homes where they haven't showered in ages. We have been asked to provide good quality hygiene items in a shower bag. I'm SUPER white, so European or Asian hair, I can by for no problemo.. Afro-Centric has me thrown. Can anyone provide some info on products that would be best for kids coming in with that hair/skin type? I don't want to send bags that are only helpful to half of the kids..."
"I don't mean this in a sexual manner, just when it comes to violence/murder. In TV, film, and especially video games, whenever another person (usually a man) is attempting to kill a women, they almost always resort to strangling. This is the case even if the attacker has a weapon - which makes the act even more noticable/deliberate. 

Any clues as to why this is?"
So my aunts mom has covid and they have decided to give her an injection to make her sleep until she dies. This can happen in a couple hours or 3 days. I really wanna say something to my aunt to help her. Can anyone help?
[removed]
Once again hit by the r/nostupidquestions bot so I came here to ask.
"I’m in a bit of a dilemma within myself, I keep being shoved knowledge on how to be masculine,masculine frame and Dominance and all that nonsense but what I realised is the only reason I’m doing this is because I want people to perceive me as someone dominant and I assume most people do this for the same reason. I want to be myself and people say that the idea of myself can be changed(fake it till the day you become it). I don’t want to be pretentious and think I’m of special value, I want to be a simple man,


What are your thoughts on this fellow redditors ??"
"The options available now seem to be either you get free coverage if you are dirt poor or you get absolutely nothing if you make over 40k a year. Why shouldnt the government just run their own low cost, no bullshit, non profit insurance program? The State would still bear the brunt of medical costs but it would have a very nice cash flow to mediate everything."
"I was watching Worlds Strictest Parents and I realised that even though what the parents were doing was absolutely insane I couldn’t help but think what “disciplinary” measures parents take that are considered normal yet breach basic human rights. For example, your right to privacy is breached ( parents take phones away, make their kids always have their doors open ), your right to travel is breached ( when you’re not allowed to go outside and meet your friends) and plenty other examples. I anticipate comments such as “ its not a big deal theyre just small things that parents do to keep us in line“ but this is the same argument a parent of the 60s would’ve used for beating their child. I understand its not the same as beating your child however these breaches of a childs rights wouldn’t be acceptable in any other context so why is it acceptable when supposedly disciplining your child?

Ps I dont have kids so I understand how ignorant i may be sounding, so bear with me"
"I can understand if this doesn't get too many responses because people will be too embarrassed to admit they wear adult diapers, which is kind of the whole point. I think it's a shame that we mock people who wear adult diapers, even if they are arrogant and cruel people. Because I believe that there are a lot of other more valid reasons to make fun of Trump, but wearing diapers shouldn't be one. Or maybe it should be? I want to know what diaper wearers think!"
"I am planning to buy a Xiaomi phone because it is cheap. Only one thing is holding me back a little is that Xiaomi is a Chinese company. To be honest, I am sure that if I buy this Xiaomi phone Chinese government can spy on me. But I also think  there is no reason to believe that the US government doesn't spy on people through Google or Apple.

USA – a democratic country

The People's Republic of China – a communist authoritarian country

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you and sorry for my bad English!"
"I know this might sound like some 6th grade bullshit drama but I just need a answer. First off. I’m a fucking nerd. Geek, Spaz and everything in between. I don’t care what people think of me. I’m proud of myself and like who I am. However this isn’t the problem. I have been good friends with someone for around 2 years. He is also a complete fucking nerd. At least in front of me. Whenever we hangout. We talk about movies and discuss marvel time lines and collectibles and action figures. Typical Geek shit. However, whenever we enter a environment with other people he completely changes. He can go from having dorky movie shirts on and talk about virgin topics to going to school dressed in black with cow boy boots on and with a gold chain. Now I don’t give a shit how he dresses but trust me. It’s all connected. Whenever we are at lunch and I say something or bring up a topic. All I get is, “HAHH you fucking loser” or “Fucking fat ass idiot.” It’s just like wtf??? He especially does this in front of others and girls. I don’t know if his mom just doesn’t love him or if he’s just trying to act cool. He always talks about how strong he is in public when no one even says anything remotely similar to that. He wears a chain every where. Now I don’t give a fuck. He has a cross on it because he’s Catholic. So what? I don’t care. I’m a Lutheran myself. However when he’s at school he takes the cross of just to have the chain. I don’t know if he’s just trying to act tough or be the worlds shittiest comedian but I just need a answer. One days he goes from being just like me to a completely “bad ass”. I don’t know if he’s just a dick or  if it’s a social environment influence but just someone give me a fucking answer and if I should confront him or not because it’s really starting to piss me the fuck off. Thanks"
"I have been dealing with this phobia for 11 years now and I only get to know that a year ago.
It ruining my self confident. What do you guys know about it?"
Seeing how effective they are at assassinations without any risk to the person controlling them. Why not replace a large section of the army with drones and have them be the first response to threats.
[removed]
[removed]
"I have wondered this for many years. But now that there's dating apps like Tinder, why not make one for prostitutes? I feel like sex trafficking, unwanted pregnancies, STDs occur regardless of prostitution."
"I know that providing different prices based on a country's average income would be a great option.  But  Apple does not make it possible to set varied prices for numerous countries. Is there a website, where I can compare the different prices for apps per country? Let us consider I want to buy Keynote in the Polish App Store. Therefore the currency is PLN. Now I would like to compare it with the Yen (Chinese Currency) and figure out if it’s cheaper/ more reasonable to get their application there.  I know it’s quite easy to change the country where your apple account is issued. But is it also possible to compare the different prices depending on the country, to choose the cheapest price? Ultimately exchanging the currencies is also easy. Revolut is our friend. 😊"
"I would like to divide the available time into 15 minutes periods on the level of time management. 

For these 15-min-units, I search for a possible significant term. May be abstract as well."
"I think we’re now seeing the decade-long push for STEM fall in on itself as American STEM jobs are being filled by H1-B Visa holders and as wages in general are beginning to be driven down by the new influx of labor. I dropped out of college a few years ago expecting this, and that is surprisingly the only life decision I’ve made post-high school that I don’t regret. You can observe a similar phenomenon with lawyers in that it’s a respected profession thought to pay well, but there are now so many junior lawyers based on those promises that it’s hell for lawyers now. Apparently. I don’t know any lawyers. I just read Reddit testimonials.

But not having a degree kind of sucks. I don’t qualify for like any jobs and my only skill is a basic ability to transform my persona into a milquetoast child to make customers feel better in a customer facing service job. I’m working as a fever screener during Covid, and everyone says they like me and that I’m doing a good job, but it’s a joke. My job could literally be performed by a machine with how little critical thinking there is involved. I want to apply to college for next fall, but I don’t want to go back and just fuck around until I drop out again or graduate with a degree in Communications. Any advice?

Tl;dr - STEM is beginning to die I think. What’s good still?"
"In the modern sense this seems to be the weight of plastic compared to traditional materials. I wonder whether it goes back further, to objects made of wood compared to ceramic or metal. Even then most objects are near identical in function no matter what they are made of."
I don't get why there is a restriction on these particular features.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
"When i for first started my freshman year last year, i was only in high school for a few weeks before getting kicked out. I was sent to an alternative school program (after this girl i was talking lied and said i threatened to kill her because i refused to pursue a relationship with her.) I had dated her before years before that and she was terrible, not much changed clearly. I finished alternative school with mainly A’s and one B. Sophomore year rolled around and there’s a global pandemic. I have to deal with family issues and deal with online school again. Online school is terrible, most of my assignments are locked and then i end up with a bad grade. I’ve tried contacting my teachers i still have not been contacted back yet. I failed the first semester and the school does not care to help. They only contacted my mom a week before the ending of the semester. Should i just drop out? The principle has lied and threatened my mom multiple times. I just think i’m better off waiting for a different opportunity. Gimme your opinion. :) thanks for reading."
"I find myself increasingly uncomfortable with Nike effectively trying to co-opt Civil Liberty and fights against prejudice as a tool in their advertising.

The recent headlines from their Japanese adverts make it especially clear that Nike are advertising their company and products under the banner of ""Fighting"" against discrimination in an obvious attempt to have an implicit brand association with these Social movements. It's hardly new and rather than the obvious ""Well, at least they're trying to help"" view that I've had in the past I feel they are now actively pushing certain messages and views in order to put the company in a prominent position whenever a discussion about those issues arises.

There's something shady and distasteful about it. No matter all the messages, clichés and dramatic narratives involved in them we should remember that these are adverts. They are attempts to increase sales and profit for that company- that is the objective and priority. 'So isn't it good that they try to do good things as a secondary objective?' is the obvious question. Possibly. But they now have a financial incentive for continued social unrest. They're certainly not a non-profit organisation. 

I suppose my issue is the idea this huge global Brand, which has used all sorts of incredibly cheap (you could call it slave) labour to make their products, who sponsor all sorts of athletes with dubious actions in their sporting and personal pasts, have had many complaints of Bullying and racism within their organisation and have been shown to make huge savings through ""Tax Avoidance"" (and Evasion) strategies lecturing the general public from a supposed position of moral superiority.

They are trying to piggy back on a current bandwagon in order to advertise. EVERYTHING we see publically from Nike is an attempt to maintain or increase profit- that is the number one aim and concern. All this Social Concern stuff seems like a very thin, brittle facade to project the Heroic image that they want.

The narrative being pushed in the Japan advert seems like a backfire of this tactic as it doesn't seem to have rung true or consistently enough so the Japanese public have understandably been upset by this seemingly unfair characterisation of their sporting culture- the point being Nike have seemingly misrepresented something in a very negative light in order to force their advertising template onto a different nation."
"Hound Dog Taylor - great song ""Give me back my wig""

Main theme is:

    Give me back my wig
Honey now let your head go bald. 

Am I understand correctly that ""go bald"" - means ""fuck off"" (accordingly to urban dictionary).  
An in this context: ""back my wig"" means - ""back my good mood"" or ""leave me alone""  


Possible?"
"Consider the ability of an organism to survive a physical injury. 

An individual biological organism will likely to cease upon a low threshold of physical damage (for a human it can be something minor like a cut on the wrong place) while on the level of society as an ""organism"" the resilience to physical damages is extremely high (you could basically take out 99% of the world's population and the humanity would still exist and rebuild itself after a while). I would consider this ""healing/surviving"" ability as an emergent property of society that does not exist on the level of individuals.

Are there more of such emergent properties existing for human societies? r/askPhilosophy was silent on that issue. Perhaps you guys will find some insights."
iam a 17 yo boy living in iran and recently i started to feel like superior  i can predict people's acts and i can understand every thing so quickly and i thought its just a personal change but after i found someone just like my i became curious about it  i feel a little bit superior and smarter than others and i have a feeling like i can predict and control everyones mind (and in cases i tried it was true) and when i took a test and found out my iq is 153 it became stronger and i don't know if its a common feeling among all the people or more  some people say that its because my age and its a casual thing among the teenagers but i don't feel like that please tell me is it normal or not
[removed]
"It seems like things are heading that way and I was too young to understand what the affect of the recession in 2008 was to everyday people. How do you prepare for something like that or even see it coming?

I hear people talking about it happening again. What indicators even point to something like that occurring?"
"I forgot a movie I watched and I need help remembering. It was about a guy who is a non believer in paranormal activity and stories and puts a explanation on these stories. However he hears 3 stories he can put a answer on. One of the stories a drunk guy he interviews in a bar and pays him to talk and the guy who told a story of him working in a factory like place and encounters a creature like from out of poltergeist. The next story is a creepy teen who’s parents hate him and he takes the car out one night and hits a demon with it and it has a good scene where the teens is opening his door but the demon then says “stay.” Which the teen replies with. “F**k that.” Then the final story is from a show host who earlier in the movie the main character proved he was lying after making a mother think he dead child was trying to reach her. The show host has weird encounters in his house and later takes our main character out into the hill where he then takes a shotgun out of a small locked gun shack and shoots himself in front of our main character. 

It came out after the year 2000 but I just can’t remember and it’s driving me crazy. HELP"
"I was reading a manga and someone said that you cant stitch the wound if you were stabbed by it, is that true?"
"Seen an interesting article about it . And long term can synthesized or lab grown meat replace traditionally grown meat in farms.

This new technology do have some good advantages like more human production so no animal cruelty or risks of new animal diseases outbreaks that can be passed to humans and more controlled environment to insure quality and health of grown meat . It is more ecological then traditional cattle raising technique and in a world facing a large climate change crisis it might  vital technology for humanity in the future .

They are several hurdles before such technology replace more traditional means of meat production :

1- economic problem : can it be produced at an acceptable price for both producer and consumer to be replicated at large scale ? Usually technology becomes cheaper with time and more R&amp;D. It have to become a competitive alternative to traditional means of production to have a market . What kind of ressources it needs and level of manpower and education to produce synthetic meat ? 

2- heath issue : does it offer same nutrients as natural meat same needs for human body ? Any risks short or long term from chemicals or substances in lab grown meat ?

3- can it be mass produced on a global stage ? Does it require high level technology and expertise or could be propagated with time ? Can every country produce such food or would it be reserved to more tech savvy nations ?

4- social stigma: this is more psychological and social norms . Here society to accept such new products would have overcome fears of it . Like is it really meat ? Is it tasty or satisfying to eat ? Is it actually healthy to eat ? . By example some insect can be eaten and farmed for high protein sustenance but it frown upon in a lot of societies . Me per example have insect phobia and wouldn't touch any insect."
" 

Such as your phone, passport, wallet, mask, or watch. At home going to work, work to home, at a cafe, while traveling, etc."
"This isn't an opinion post about whether you think it's acceptable to make these posts. You are well within your rights to do so. I'm asking from a logical perspective, why would someone who disagrees with your views do you that favor? If anything it seems more likely this person will wait for you to unfriend them."
"I moved out across the country by myself almost 6 months ago for a job. I’ve became so much more independent and confident in some ways. I moved away because I was just tired of getting my heart hurt. I recently got my heart broken though a few days ago but a guy I was crazy for. My whole life has been nothing but filled with toxic people who break my heart. It’s gotten to the point I’m too afraid to make friends because I just don’t trust anyone. I love too hard but no one gives it back. I’m extremely lonely, being away from family has made it hard but I have no desire to go back home. Idk..I just feel so numb. I just want to be genuinely happy for longer than a couple hours. My depression has been continuous for several years. No I don’t feel suicidal. I haven’t felt that way in years. But I just wish I could make this pain go away..."
I'm a huge sports fan myself but I have no idea why LeBron James or Russell Wilson are getting paid 40 million dollars to play. Most of these athletes also never have to pay a dime for college so that's not even a cost for them meanwhile there are medical professionals getting large amounts of pay but still exponentially less than a minimum contract in some of these sports leagues. Is it really just because of entertainment? I just don't get it at all.
